text
[deleted]
Whoever owns the rights to these Beatles songs doesn't play. They just now are allowed on YouTube. For the longest time you couldn't listen to any of their songs on there.
Lots of phish songs too
Big fan of both as well. I'm glad they did pay their respects to Lennon though with the footage.
Probably don't have rights to play it.
"Fox has been playing the dead and phish all season, always seems weird to me considering fox's political leanings VS those of those bands typically"
""
I agree. Which is hard to admit because I love ingram as a part of the ravens but he just hasn't produced this year.
"Yep, pretty sad to say but looks like he won’t be on the team next year unless he takes a pay cut. That’s the way I see it at least, we clear 5 mil in cap if we do."
"I just hope we hang on to Gus.  Him an Dobbins for years to come would make me happy.  Whatever we have to do to make that happen, lets do it.  Either way, Roman really should start to game plan around JK.  Want to see him get 20+ touches a game, similar to RR when he was here.


And yea, since the first Steelers game I have been thinking the same."
Are ya'll seeing Gus?????
So brave.
We'd get too many yards. That hurts Roman's brain.
I think mark would legit be so happy getting less touches and just being a locker room guy/hype man. Did you see how pumped he got for dobbins’ TD?
"Please make it happen!  JK needs more than just 2 snaps in a row.  He should stay in until he needs a breather.  Like others have said, it is frustrating to see the RB rotate in nearly every offensive snap."
"It's kinda sad how RBs regress so quickly. No matter how good, the drop in a couple years is so evident"
Shop Yannick and Ingram in the off-season for a WR1. Dobbins and Gus 1-2 punch.
I love Ingram he’s just old. But when he retires we should hire him as a coach because his leadership is so valuable
Right. Dobbins and Edwards are both better.
"Sometimes Hollywood makes me angry, but not this time, what a throw, and a great catch !!"
perfect throw
Thats Lamar for ya he will miss some throws then hit u with a beauty
Lamar has had some trouble throwing the ball this game but that was beautiful. Love that guy!
SOULJA CAUGHT SOMETHING
"Finally, Hollywood got off Twitter and did a thing"
That was a gorgeous play
Love to see that connection again!! Good adjustment on the route and perfect throw and catch
Up. Vote.
I'm surprised a WR on our team could catch a ball like that.  Usually its dropped
I can’t believe he actually caught a ball
Must be 2020.
He has had a good past two games.
Don’t call him Hollywood till he earns that nickname. He doesn’t deserve it yet.
"Watching that replay and in slow motion several times....

I know it's a difficult catch, but he still didn't catch it with his hands and he almost bobbled it out of catching it all together. 

To my highly untrained eye, it seems that it was more luck than skill. 

I still don't trust him."
Is it just me or is Troy just shitting all over lamar all game in the commentary?
You don't need to say in peace bro. You guys killed the Steelers yesterday. You stay here as long as you like.
"Yeah, he’s being completely biased cause of his Cowboys. Oh well, Lamar is still having a good game, he’s just mad his Boys getting beat. 

Great W yesterday 🤞🏽 That defense played lights out"
"Any week the DMV wins and rivals lose it was a good week, this is a good week (fuck the cowboys, Steelers, eagles, penguins, Phillies, flyers etc.)"
He’s a company man kinda expected
Yep he really seems to want dallas to win
"i mean it just gives lamar more motivation, more doubters to prove"
Just remember......FUCK DEM STILLERS!!
I was yelling at him the whole game.... Not that he heard me
No. He's trashing the cowboys too. Thanks for the win yesterday
"I'm not sure what he said that is not true. On the pass ten feet over Boykin's head, he immediately pointed out how Lamar's elbow dropped. That is a mechanical criticism by someone who has played QB. I hope somebody on our team is telling Lamar that stuff."
""
We did the thing!
this did not age well
How about...”Cowboys’s 2020 Playoff Apperance Percentage”
Jihad Ward had himself a sack . . . so back to being inexplicably inactive next game!
"Why is there literally no pressure? We’re blitzing often. We can’t get to the qb to save our life. 

Where are all the Yannake truthers? I don’t see him doing much. And Dallas is playing a bunch of backups on their line. Not a specific shot at only him, but man, nothing is working to get to Dalton.

Edit: and we immediacy see Ward get a sack on third down"
Our defense is worrying me and have been for the last 3 quarters.
"The one strength of the Cowboys is their offense, and we gave up 17 points."
"Poor Greg “The Leg” he was a top tier Kicker not long ago
But yeah the defense has been shaky, ESPECIALLY the d line with a practice squad o line"
Yeah they looked off tonight.  Got no pressure for 3 quarters.
"after seeing their kicker miss a whole bunch of them, it kinda makes me realize how much i am taking tucker for granted"
"And his nickname is ""Legatron"" 😂😂😂😂"
he might be sitting at home next week. lol
He was very good with the Rams. Not anymore!
Did we tip that last one?
He couldn’t hit the harbor from fells point
""
"I do too, but I LOVE ricard"
"I'm still annoyed we didn't use him more when he was here.  He was our best weapon on O for a while, but we kept forcing throws to loser WRs"
Blertimore Fullback Factory
"Have we used Ricard at DLinr at all this season?

I’d be surprised considered how thin our line was at one point"
[deleted]
He needs to take an off-season where hopefully corona isn’t as bad and go extremely in on his mechanics. They’ve been ugly as hell this season
"Really well is a bit of a stretch, he's underthrown and overthrown a LOT of deep passes this season. Really his accuracy needs work from any distance"
Idk how much every team practices with this covid shit so I hope part of the issues are from lack of practice time.
"Personally feel it's the opposite. I think medium passes is what he's worst at. Sometimes he unnecessarily lobs them like on the touchdown pass he threw in the second quarter, I'm happy we got the TD but still the receiver almost tumbled because he had to reach out for it. If it was on a bullet he could've just turned and went."
"Is Lamar a great passer? No, at least not yet.

But my goodness did we overvalue our receivers going into this season!

Hollywood is a 2 at best. He does not get open, he does not get separation and his speed is not being used. The last part is probably scheme and play calling. Last night he caught a ball and WENT BACK 2 yards.

Boykin and Snead LITERALLY ran into each other on a play. I think it was KC?

Andrews, makes some great catches, but man he drops a lot of balls.

Duvernay shows potential, but maybe we are overestimating him too. Who knows.

Proche has not shown anything other than steady hands when catching returns, which honestly is pretty big given some of our seasons lately.

&#x200B;

We just pass on way too many good receivers in the draft man. As much as I have really loved some of Decostas moves, when it comes to WR, looks to be as bad as Ozzie.

And a part of me wonders, if we drafted Metcalf, AJ Brown, Justin Jeffersson. Would they be as good with us as they are with other teams? And thats not cause of Lamar, thats cause of coaching.

One last thing Ill say about Lamar. We know he can make the throws, but you gotta make the throws consistently. If he cant do that, then it wont work in the NFL."
"Lamar can throw the ball. However, hes not really accurate at any level. His TD pass to Boykin was high and behind. His interception was bc he missed Hollywood (who admittedly put minimal effort in catching the ball). He showed marked improvement from year 1 to year 2, but this year it seems like he has gotten worse. 

I will say that TD pass to Hollywood was outstanding. Moreover, his decision making is great. If he becomes an accurate QB, then he can be special."
[removed]
"Gave up 17 points, 10 of which were on a short field not of their doing. Oh and 7 of those shouldn't have happened if Harbs challenges that LJ fort interception.

Gave up 13 points last week.

3rd in the league in points given up.

Quit being such a drama queen. The defense played well."
"Nah bro, not pathetic. Overrated? Sure. But they're still better than most other squads. Just chill and enjoy the W."
"Campbell not himself, Williams just back, McPhee just back, Judon out, Smith out, T Williams out. They had a lot of guys coming off a pretty severe illness. Let’s chill."
Shut up - they shut down the steelers last week lol.
"This seems like a more conservative game plan by Wink. Jimmy Smith and Tramon Williams being injured Campbell and Brandon Williams just coming back from the covid/injury list, no Judon."
A win is a win. Thats all that matters now.
"Pathetic? No. They had a bad game, it happens. Peters and Averett were getting burned and even Marlo got burned a few times. Looks like we had trouble tackling. 

Idk why we as ravens fan try say our defense is the best and then we shit on them if they have a bad game. Yes there are problems, but our defense is our backbone this year. They aren’t pathetic."
Dude Andy Dalton is familiar with us and Cowboys are loaded with offensive weapons. Just enjoy the win
Did we find Aikman's reddit account?
 The wagon has left so go join the band.
They're punks waiting to be exposed by a good offense
[removed]
Got a lot of holes but a win is a win. Need Harbaugh to fix this going into the Browns game or we're gonna get destroyed
"We have to fix some shit, but it’s just good to get that W again."
E Z 💰
Maybe Roman will remember to run the ball next week.... it is indeed easy money
Orlando Brown isn't a flashy choice but he might be my favorite Raven. Hope he gets paid when it's time.
I demand an Easy Money tshirt ASAP.
"When he shouted easy money, the 45 point total bet I made came in. Cowboys kicker almost fucked me on that one"
Man I'm so glad we got the win but I wish Brad didn't ice Tuck on that kick :(
Do we get Mark Andrews back before Monday?
Orando Brown Jr. (78) [OT]
Hope this game boost up the moral. What a fucking run over
EASY MONEY BABY
[deleted]
Brotha have you heard about the pandemic?
Yikes.
Dem Boyz lucky Trace McSorley didnt come in for a drive. The goat would’ve dimed them up
[removed]
If there is any chance of us making the playoffs and doing something in the post season this will be the game that will start it off.
definitely a chance we get into the playoffs. There’s even a chance we drop another game and still make playoffs because a lot of the WC teams play each other  in the next coming weeks and LV IND and MI have tough schedules to close out the season. If we get to the playoffs I’m not sure what to expect doe
Not a chance.
"[Longer with hand simulating throwing cash](https://streamable.com/lsyb1i)


[Just the phrase](https://streamable.com/ti9llo)"
"You the real mvp of the game, brobro."
Gonna have to change my username to u/RubboldBaxterTheG0AT after this
[removed]
I love how you were really nice and everyone’s shitting on you cause of your team lmao. Fuck you though
We arnt beating kc either I don’t think it matters
"Respectfully *

Typical Steelers fan education"
I’m sorry but what on earth does this title mean?
"Jeeze man, you okay? Seems kinda sad to post this guy."
"Well I think I am going to be right, Baltimore is going to be a very tough out this year. Good luck, i’m not a big fan of the ravens obviously but Lamar Jackson is a really good kid.
And blame that missed field goal on Al Michaels, he jinxed it by saying Justin Tucker never misses."
[deleted]
"

***

posted by [@BrandonPerna](https://twitter.com/BrandonPerna)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EoxHSgLVgAMAqRU.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/ext_tw_video_thumb/1336520091786080258/pu/img/KwXJ_VTowrabGNI8.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Why is my dudes eyes popping out of his head
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Not a bad win but this team is so fucking inconsistent, i just don't get it. Offense is good 1 drive, defense sucks. 
Defense is good but then the offense sucks. Both are good, ST lays an egg. 
And then the boneheaded penalties. Unfortunately at this point, it is what it is."
"The better team won, good for y’all, and most importantly good for Lamar, I hope I see him play many more seasons in the NFL."
Our secondary looked like doodoo tonight
EZ MONEY
"294 rushing yards

Lamar had 0 sacks

Boykin and Hollywood looking good out there"
"We played a lot worse than the score says, which has been the case a lot this year."
"Take the win and move onto Cleveland, plain and simple. Sure, lots of things sans the running game could have gone much better tonight; but even with the circumstances, a win is still a win. Next Monday against the Browns is crucial to keeping the Ravens playoff hopes alive. At least Andrews and Snead IV should return, too, giving the offense a boost in the passing game.

I just wish Dez Bryant is alright and there isn't another outbreak on the horizon, putting everyone and their health at risk again no more than a week later."
Whew.
Good start to the comeback tour
Lj
"GGs boys nice win onto the next , let’s clean up in practice and be healthy for Cleveland."
Nice win today. RBs looked solid. 4 more wins to go
Thanks guys now you gotta do it to the giants for us ok?
"**EASY MONEY!!!**

In a must win game we execute, so proud of the boys.

We had 3 rushers over 70 yards, 1 of which (Gus) was over 100, 2 had TDs - INSANE!"
Monday will be the test.
"Lamar balled out ,1 day of practice off COVID and got 200 yards total ,70 percent completion percentage and 3 tds"
"Harbs and McCarthy are talking about how they aren’t allowed to shake hands. Meanwhile, Lamar is having a 10-second embrace with a Cowboy at midfield."
Not the cleanest game but happy we won pretty convincingly.
"THANK GOD A WIN.

PLEASE PLAY WELL NEXT WEEK AGAINST THE SHITSTAIN BROWNS. K THX"
"Defense definitely has to tighten up literally everything, but a W feels good."
Feels good to be back in the W column!!
Good to see Lamar and others back on the field. The defense will need a better game next week
"can we give credit to an opposing player?  Dalton played well tonight. 
Pass rush was suspect though."
"I’d say that game was a success given the circumstances. Minimum practice, missing players, but we really executed on the ground. O-line was terrific. Lamar was inconsistent, some bad misses, some amazing plays, and as always an absolute force in the running game. I would say he overall played well. 

Gus and JK are probably players of the game, they ran with a vengeance and made a ton of people miss. Secondary and pass rush leave a lot to be desired but the Cowboys came at us with a good game plan offensively. Lots of quick outs to neutralize our aggressive blitzes and zone. Wink will have us better adjusted for Cleveland."
"# The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.
* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted.

# Previous Weeks

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell
* Week 8: Lamar Jackson (blame)
* Week 9: Marcus Peters (honorable mention to [u/Blacramento](https://www.reddit.com/u/Blacramento/))
* Week 10: Matt Skura (blame)
* Week 11: Greg Roman (blame)
* Week 12: Steve ""Small Dick"" Saunders (Blame)

# This week's nominees are..."
"#THE RUNNING GAME

In particular Gus Edwards

Dude had 101 yards on only 7 carries! He made something good happen every time he touched the ball!"
"[ALL ABOARD THE GUS BUS](https://i.imgur.com/dOXLiQP.jpg)

edit: and the patchwork OL paving big lanes for Gus, JK, Lamar, and even Ingram at the end"
Run game! Can't single out anyone cause they all came to destroy this defense
Fort 100%.  Lamar is too obvious
"#GUS EDWARDS

Dude is a beast"
"Rushing game, Lamar, LJ Fort"
"Lamar calling off the FG unit and then having a huge TD run on 4th...I mean...that’s the lamar we know.

Huge after no practice for 2 weeks...rusty team coming off a bizarre COVID week...just a huge confidence booster"
JK Dobbins
#THE RUNNING GAME
"**LAMAR JACKSON**, right? Yeah, some of his passing wasn't pretty at all tonight; but I chalk that up to only having a single(?) practice since being activated. (Did he actually get to have a practice session this week?) Besides, his TD hookup with Marquise Brown in stride was sweet and his running was once again electric, all great signs after getting cleared from COVID-19.

Honorable mentions go to both **GUS EDWARDS** and **J.K. DOBBINS**. The run game as a whole really gave the Ravens the win over the Cowboys."
Lamar: coming off of covid and not playing for 2 weeks I thought he had a great game considering the circumstances
"Lamar. Seriously - after all he’s been through with Covid and on a skid, he came out and played his own game. Recovered early from a pick that wasn’t entirely his fault and took absolute control over this game.

His 4 & 2 TD reminded me of last year vs the Seahawks which was the turning point that season. He’s the MVP and team leader and he showed that tonight without his favorite target in Andrews."
**Jerry Jones**
GUS BUS AND DOBBINS😤
"Gus Edwards had the best game statistically, 7 carries for 101 yards. But Dobbins was great too (our future #1 back)"
#RUN GAME
Offensive line. Finally putting it together (albeit vs the worst defense in the league). But a much needed confidence boost.
"**O-Line**: Outside of one bad snap they played a clean game, kept Lamar from getting sacked, and opened up some huge holes for our run game"
Marquise SOULja Boi Brown
Llama Jackson and the *run game*
"Run Game (Lamar, Gus Dobbins Ft. Ingram)

Also honorable mention Greg the Leg Zurlien for leaving 9 pts off the board."
The backs but i’d like to personally say Gus was the shit tonight
Lamar Jackson
Ok now hear me out. Greg Roman.
RUN GAME
Can I say lamar?
Running backs+LJ8 especially after covid week
"Whole team deserves praise , welcome back :)"
"Give it to Gus. 

His vision tonight was exquisite. He also showed off a few nasty cuts, and featured his usual punishing run style. I think he averaged over 10 yards per carry on the night."
"**JK Dobbins, Gus Edwards, and Lamar Jackson**"
"GREG THE LEG ZUERLEIN

But fr Llama"
Gus Edwards
"Gus Edwards, followed by Lamar and JK"
Ricard and the left side of the o line had some amazing pulls that set up the big runs.
Gus Edwards. He punishes the hell out of defenses in the second half week in and week out.
Can we have an asterisk for blame of the game and vote Joe Buck?
LJ Fort!!!
Let’s goo
"The running game! Passing game was ok, defense wasn’t great, special teams wasn’t great, the running game carried us today."
Dobbins a stud Lamar balled out tho
"Run Game, JK Dobbins, Gus Edwards, Lamar Jackson. Feed the run, FEED IT"
**Gus and JK**
Lj fort.
Running Backs
JK and Gus can share this title
Run game
Run Game
"Tough, Gus Dobbins and Lamar all went off

I think just the whole run game"
"**RBBC** 

Ran all up and down that god-awful Cowboys defense. 

3 rushers over 70 yards, 2 TDs from 4 runners, 1 over 100 yards!!"
Tie: Gus and Dobbins
Lamar Jackson
THE O LINE!!!!
**THE RUN GAME**
Run game
"Pat Ricard. Key blocks, came back/played through injury."
RUN GAME + Lamar “MVP” Jackson
"For me, it's Patrick Queen"
"# Running Game

Lamar, Gus, JK and even Ingram all contributed. Good ol' fashioned Ravens rushing game is exactly what we needed. Lamar was rusty in passing, but rushing more than made up for it."
**RUN GAME**
No one
The running backs
Run game all of it
"The running game as a whole. Everyone ate(even Ingram), so I think that they should all share it IMO."
Gus I guess honestly don’t know who else to pick with how everyone performed.
moving the legs in a motion that make you go zoom
The Dallas run defence
"I’ll say O-line, with Gus secondary. As well as Gus, Lamar, and Dobbins played, when you get almost 300 rushing yards a lot of credit has to go to the o line by default"
"I'm not saying he lost the game for Dallas, but I feel like Zuerlein deserves a shoutout for THREE missed kicks.  

Hey Legatron, how are things?  Are things ok?"
"Dobbins, Gus, Lamar, Ingram, run blocking... is that too many people? Lol"
Can we just appreciate that Steve “small dick” Saunders is immortalized in this list
JK Dobbins
"Lamar ""ill do it myself"" Jackson"
Lamar. He seems like he’s finally getting back to 2019 Lamar. Just needs to fix the kinks in the passing game.
"I'm saying, Gus was great and so were JK and Lamar but Orlando Brown blocked like a fucking tank for all 3 of our leading rushers."
RUSHING ATTACK with hinirable mention to THE GUS BUS
the Running game
"Lamar Jackson - The Run Game was great and a lot of people are calling for Gus and Dobbins, but they are consistently good, yet most likely wouldn't have had the same success without Lamar under center. This game would not have been won if not for Lamar coming back to form. He had some terrible throws which is to be expected being away with COVID and no practice, but his runs and clutch passes when it mattered took the game away."
"The run game is the obvious choice here, but Derek Wolfe and Fort were monsters."
Gus/Dobbins
"Not sure if my response is allowed, but I have two players. **L.J. Fort** and **J.K. Dobbins** really impressed me. Gus Edwards already really impressed me all season (because he is the team's best runningback) and **L.J. Fort** was in every single tackle on the goal line snap. He was a crutail role to our defense's success."
Lamar! He did make some early on mistakes but this was one of the more solid games of the year for him. He was consistent and proved that he can bounce back after a pick early on.
Lammy Jacksawn!
Gus bus baby! he went off same with dobbins!
A much needed win.
[removed]
I feel sorry for people that legitimately think what is said in front of a tv screen somehow has an effect on the game.
""
For some reason not being mad at the end of a Ravens game feels nostalgic to me lol
YESSIR ONTO CLEVELAND
https://youtu.be/kgRpSMamEQc
""
The Ravens have just made the Cowboys rushing defense fall to 33rd in the league behind the XFL Houston Roughnecks.
"Steelers lose and Ravens win, most satisfying 48 hours of the season"
Let’s go! I forgot what winning felt like.
"we ran through them 294 yards loved that 4th most in Franchise History on the ground 

so happy lamar is back I love him and him connecting with Hollywood is huge 

Pass Rush and Secondary underperformed tonight, but Campbell is still hurt and judon is back and Jimmy smith probably next week and Andrews and Snead

Jihad played fantastic so did Lamar and Dobbins and the O-Line

great win onto Cleveland"
"We dropped 300 rushing yards this game. Everybody stop and appreciate Greg romans run scheming...

Now onto making him step down and getting an oc who can pass scheme!

Edit: I still wanna keep gro cuz he’s a rush game genius"
EASY MONEY
"Pass rush was disappointing. However, cowboys tackles got away with egregious holds all night long. Jihad Ward had a good game. Would be pretty cool if he turned into something in Baltimore after we basically picked him up as a castoff. People are down on Yannick (sort of the nature of game threads) but he's a proven pass rusher at the nfl level. Hasn't clicked yet in production, but I think he's gotten more pressure than people realize. Anyways those are my stupid little thoughts I typed out for you all"
Two words: **EASY MONEY.**
"Ravens rushed for a whopping 294 yards vs Cowboys: - @sgellison

* Gus Edwards: 101 yards
* Lamar Jackson: 94 yards
* JK Dobbins: 71 yards
* Mark Ingram: 28 yards"
>Great team Win!!! - @DezBryant
All I want for Christmas is to destroy the Browns
"I hope people realize that's how wins feel for a lot of teams. Not everything perfect, but do enough to get it done and pull away a bit at the end."
"We get back to our roots, and look at that. Our team actually looks like they're having fun for like the second time all year. LET THESE SOULJAS RUN THE BALL AND THEN IT OPENS UP THE PASSING GAME. ITS NOT ROCKET SCIENECE. LET'S GO!!



On another note, no matter what happens this season, just remember that the whole NFL has kind of been fucked by this covid thing, guys. Chemistry probably isn't as good as it was last year. We lost a HOF guard and had basically no time to gel the O-line. Guys aren't allowed to practice.



If this bullshit like Lamar's inconsistency, defense being hot and cold, Greg Roman being an idiot carries over next season, then we should worry, especially Lamar's shit. He's been pretty bad throwing but 100% think that it's because of the fuckery of the NFL this year. Let's just try to enjoy football being played for now."
Lamar said he felt slow in the beginning. Nigga had COVID last week and had (mild) symptoms. Calm down with the throwing takes.
Back in the win column. We ran the ball. Life is good 😌
RELATIVELY EASY MONEY
Damn I’m not mad after a Ravens game
Lamar plays better when he gets to play street ball. Look at the perfect td to Hollywood. We need to get another pass catcher that can improvise like Mandrews and Hollywood (at time) does. Those two have said themselves they play like it's in the street.
Cleveland will have a letdown after beating the Titans. You guys will be fired up and take it to them.
Credit where credit is due: Roman ran the damn ball and it worked. Now do it again
"I’m still hopeful for Hollywood, the tweet is a thing of the past and he’s looked more in form the past few games. Of course he needs massive development to get to his potential, but there’s times this year and last, he and Lamar looked special. Hopefully some good coaching and route running will help him throughout this year and into next and make him a threat! P.S- I WANNA SEE SOME DUVERNAY"
Imma sleep good tonight ❤️
"I hate that in every game, the team that’s winning gets talked about the whole time but not when it’s the Cowboys. Aikman just wouldn’t shut the fuck up about the Cowboys. Ravens got zero credit the entire game and Aikman tried his best to discredit the clearly missed Ford INT AND that Proche didn’t clearly recover the onside kick back to back with 20 seconds and honestly, it triggered me. Dude sucks."
"I don't like that we have been using the acronym ""OBJ"" when referring to Orlando Brown because I instinctively think of Odell Beckham."
"1 down.
4 to go.

LET'S GET IT"
"(Reposting because the other thread was deleted for some reason.) Take the win and move onto Cleveland, plain and simple. Sure, lots of things sans the running game could have gone much better tonight; but even with the circumstances, a win is still a win. Next Monday against the Browns is crucial to keeping the Ravens playoff hopes alive. At least Andrews and Snead IV should return, too, giving the offense a boost in the passing game.

I just wish Dez Bryant is alright and there isn't another outbreak on the horizon, putting everyone and their health at risk again no more than a week later."
Low-key thought this might be good for Lamar bc since Andrews was out he was forced to throw more to the WRs. Not saying it was perfect (far from it) but it did look like there was better chemistry between Lamar and the receivers
We ate a W!
"If we can dominate the LOS and really run preferably using only JK and Gus, keeping our passing game simple and schemed to our strengths (over the middle and underneath), and really commit to fundamental tackling we will be damn hard to beat.  It’s a long stretch to the SB, but seeing the team smile and the sparks we had tonight gives me real belief in this team again."
"Hell yeah Ravens.

Much better. Although we really need to work on the pass D"
Justin Tucker is about to post a notes app apology and change his profile pic to be all black
Why was the old thread deleted lol
"Let’s start stacking those wins. The run game gave me hope, even against that abysmal defense. We need to get our own defense in order, but I believe."
"Love what Lamar did with the legs.   Gotta hit those throws next week, though.

Good team win.  Great confidence booster."
"Missed the end of the game, but did the 4th quarter feel like a whole new game to anyone else? Like play calling of last year?"
Did yall even punt?
"I think what we found out tonight is that the offense can still be a real wrecking ball when we dominate up front. What worries me is that we haven't really been dominant at all this year and that this was the 32nd ranked rush defense that we did it to. It is possible that we've finally found the right Oline combo to get the job done, but to me more likely is we just played the right team and we still need to make some adjustments to get to the point where we can be legit contenders. 

We scored both passing touchdowns on play action tonight, but I think those were the last two times we ran play action in the game. I see more play action as the easy adjustment to take us from meh to really good on the offensive side of the ball and I genuinely think if we do it on Monday we can easily beat Cleveland again. If we don't I'll be honest I'm worried."
Pass rush and secondary a little concerning today
"DeShon Elliot has earned a new nickname in my mind and thats ""The Trash Man."" 

Its because he cleans up everyone else's trash tackles with huge hits.  Really impressive game and development by him this year."
"Good: Run game, Lamar Jackson, Miles Boykin, run defense

Bad: Our entire secondary, specifically Marcus Peters, our pass rush, Justin Tucker missing a field goal :("
A W and no significant injuries that I can think of... phew
This run game with our defense from the Steelers game and we’re looking good
COVID antibodies activated Lamar’s superpowers
"Seems like every deep ball thrown Humphrey's way gets called for defensive PI this year. And averaging one sack per game since the bye (and since acquiring Ngakoue) is not going to cut it. Run game looked amazing, but Lamar missing easy passes can't just be shrugged off. Easy to laugh at it when we're up by double digits late, but he has to hit those.

Good win, need to carry that run game over to Cleveland next week."
"even if their run D is all-time trash, it's nice to see it get going. Still think the Ravens should be a more spread system"
Does anyone have a screen grab of Bozeman making the touchdown sign while Lamar still has like ~15 yards to go? Saw the replay briefly and thought it was awesome.
Romans playcalling is still shit.
"Regardless of the score, this was an ugly win.

Lamar is off on his 3 and 5 step drops. His mechanics have regressed. It definitely is a mixture of OL play with poor pass protection, WRs not getting open and passing concepts. Regardless it's causing him to act frazzled at times and not see the field or make errant throws.

I will not say this enough **this D is not good enough regardless of stats**. We have coverage breakdowns consistently, ill timed penalties and absolutely 0 pass rush. We desperately need a pass rusher.

We're 7-5 and I'll take the W, but I'm pretty worried rest of the way out. Right now there's 0 chance we beat: Landry, Chubb, Hunt and Co when we face the Browns"
Good team win boys! That last JK dobbins score got me into my fantasy playoffs!!! I was down 112.86  to 112.92 going into that drive. My opponent had Tucker and if we kicked a field goal I was done. Let’s gooooo
I feel like a lot of people are gonna point to Lamar’s stats when arguing on whether he’s a top 5 qb or not it’s obvious he is but....they gotta let him throw more
Lost a loved one to covid today. This game meant a lot.
Jtuck's field goal was good!!!
Did dez really quit this season??
great game. gave them great starting position plenty of times and it didn’t bite us in the ass. run game looked immaculate and we can certainly build off this game. feeling confident going down the final stretch
Proud of the team. A lot to clean up but if they beat Cleveland I’ll start to get excited about playoff prospects
"We have to go on a run now if we wanna make the playoffs. Like it or not, Lamar has to throw a lot better. We will get absolutely crushed if that pass game does not start catching up. Running can only take you so far"
"the best we've looked all season. granted it was against the worst rushing defense, but have to take what we can get this year."
Lamar Jackson
Good finish. Gotta clean up those penalties & we’ll be good
[Great job on Pass blocking](https://twitter.com/Brickwallblitz/status/1336523529588707328)
"Defense looked bad but glad to get a win, also good to see Lamar smiling and having fun. A lot to work on and a tough opponent coming up, but some signs of life was nice"
Let’s go beat the clowns next week
Gotta keep the foot on the gas. Onto Cleveland.
I felt like there were maybe 1 or miles Boykin flashes. I hope to God these continue and this wasn’t just a result of a bad Dallas defense
I sincerely hope we used this as a tune up to beat Cleveland. They need to get humbled.
>This was more than just another game for me... It wasn’t about revenge.. I didn’t need a catch... I wanted to make a point... - @DezBryant
"Congrats Ravens.  I post here as well on this sub, but its the only time a route against the Ravens..when they play the Cowboys."
"The fact that most of the team came back from Covid, it’s good to get that rust off and get that win.

They’ll have to fix their holes for next week, but if we can get past Cleveland, I have no doubt we make it to playoffs."
"I'm so relieved that we won but I still can't get over how good JK Dobbins looks and how we consistently still use him as our 3rd RB (sometimes even 4th behind Justice Hill on 3rd downs). 

I really feel like there's a few guys on this team that have that competitive fire and passion that we're missing. JK is one of those guys. Willie Snead, MAndrews, LJ Fort and Gus Edwards I argue are also on that list. I can't stand seeing Ingram and Hill so frequently in the backfield, I really wish our running game was 65% Dobbins and 35% Gus. Maybe next year it will be?"
"Love this team, but a lot can be improved ! 🤞🏽🤞🏽"
Run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run run the goddamn ball.
Yeah like Marcus Peters not blowing coverage.
That means we still are in the runnings for the wildcard and dont lose hope Baltimore!
"QB- Lamar played well. Legs look great, but he has to fix his mechanics. He seems like he’s getting a bit lazy and dropping his elbow. But, he’s playing happy again which is biggest takeaway

RB- Everyone played great. No complaints. Gus and JK a lethal duo

WR- Overall solid game. Brown is getting better as the szn progresses, should of caught the tipped pass tho. Boykin could of had a breakout game today, but some mechanical issues by lamar prohibited that. Want to see Duvernay get more involved tho

O-Line- Solid game no complaints"
Would be nice to play such a garbage run defense weekly.
Anyway we can keep Greg Roman for Running Schemes ONLY ? We still need a better OC The passing game is still weak as fuck. But I wouldn’t mind Greg Roman coming back for his running game dude is an absolute genius. I wish he wouldn’t abandoned the run like he did in previous game. Run game is arguably better this year than it even was last year
JK looked explosive!
Accurate summary.
[deleted]
"Why does it specify ""first 3 seasons""? I feel like that softens the impact of the stat for some reason. Did someone else do it faster in 3 seasons that weren't their first 3?"
Some bad throws but dude played an overall good game. Hope he replicates week 1 on Monday against the browns
That’s all
JK dobbins and Gus Edwards vs Nick Chubb and Kareem hunt. Next week the game will be won in the trenches.
"I really think he needs more touches against good defenses. Gus is fantastic as a down hill back, but if that isn’t rolling we tend to run a predictable game-plan with him in. 

Dobbins is so dynamic he can be a 3 down guy."
Agreed
Kids got burst.
He's really shaping up.  But it has a lot to do with the front line.  Which needs work.  We just played a team with an obliterated defense
Imagine Dobbins and Edwards with Yanda and Stanley.... my god
ya he nice he should get the ball more
He good for 5 per
"Maybe I'm imagining it... But when I watch Kyler Murray run, he looks like he's a little boy running. I looked at how Lamar Jackson ran tonight and Lamar looks like a man running but Kyler Murray looks like a little boy running.  His strides are so small... Am I crazy? And for some reason it's freaking irritating."
"Lamar RUNS, Murray scurries lol"
Yeah cause he’s 5’10
Well maybe because Murray is 5’7 and Lamar is 6’2....
He runs like a toddler who stole some candy
"Right with ya brother! When Lamar runs, it’s like a majestic horse sprinting across the field. Kyler Murray runs like Moses from the Office."
People have been saying that Murray runs like a bad ass little kid running from an ass whooping and that's what my mind has went to ever since.
lamar is more tall and lean looking whereas kyler got that kind of bulky but short look going on when in uniform
I have no idea why but Murray reminds me of sonic when he runs and it’s adorable.
"He's definitely got a different kind of speed to him and he definitely squeezes into those gaps much better than Lamar does, Lamar wishes he could squeeze in those holes between two tacklers"
"People have made this comparison before. I always thought he looked like the road runner

But someone said he looks like a bad kid running away from his mom and I can’t Unsee it"
"Kyler runs, fast and is laughing all the way.  We love our boy…..toddler run & all. 😂"
""
That was a quick retirement.
I say I want to quit my job 5 times a week. not that big of a deal.
I feel so bad for him
Just delete those tweets and let's all move on like they didn't happen.
Lmao
Dude said he quit and came back. 🤡 but I’ll still take him
"That’s the worst part about the internet. You’re not allowed to tilt and be hyperbolic for just one second. 

Dude was pissed and probably overreacted, we all do it but when you do it online suddenly it’s super serious"
Welcome back..?
🤣
I'm not sure about this guy lol
[deleted]
""
Would have been 400 rushing
I miss him and yanda
is it possible for him to have a magical ray lewis recovery for playoffs?
And Boyle. That man is a 6th lineman
"Here, have this sad man's upvote"
Off to work now... wish me luck boys! We needed this win!
"It’s 5am here 

Lmaoo"
lol we got Monday night next week
""
Link please
Link?
link my g
"Came in at 8-8, now at 8-9."
"I thought he played very well, it wasn't his fault that they lost."
I thought he would have had way more games played against ua
""
7 carries for 101 yards. God damn man. The Bus was running on some efficient ass gas tonight.
Truzz bus!
Gus always fall forward you give it to Ingram he’s getting stoped at the line and pushed back
(shamelessly stolen)
""
Tonight was a pretty good team win. The only really weak part was the pass rush. Mostly everyone else played great and dalton isn't that awful of a qb.
The first few weeks it was the defense that was carrying
This team needs to upgrade Dobbins to star role and downgrade Gus to more of a spell. Less timeshare would do them alot of good. Dobbins is by far the most dynamic back on that roster. Feed that
""
"Niggas gone say he cant throw 10 days after getting a virus that has killed people. Newton looked rough afterwards, Trevor Lawrence too even Aikman pointed out Campbell struggling running towards Dalton. The rona ain't nothing to play with, even with pro athletes, be afe and mask up y'all."
[deleted]
We must have watched different games tonight
"Doesn't look like such a bust when dude gets targeted huh? Everyone hating after a game when he gets 2 looks smfh

So many haters...but dude is a Play. Maker. And needs more targets."
He went 5 for 39 and a td.   He also tipped a pass for a pick.   He wasn't bad at all but by no means was he great.
"guys I found Hollywood's reddit burner

And even if he did have a clean TD grab, he still had numerous low-effort plays. Dude needs to get in the film room, find his work ethic, and quit streaming. Getting off social media is the best thing he's done all season."
Did you happen to notice what happened on his first target?
People are upset due to key drops and some think he is running routes lazily and not fighting for yards after catch
"He had 8 targets last week and caught what, 4 or 5 of them?

He was 5/39/1TD, such world burning stats. He definitely needs to get the ball more and we pass protect poorly but he's not this amazing threat as of now"
He’d probably be one of the best #2 wrs in the nfl if we had a legit #1. Criticisms of Hollywood this season have not been unfounded.
"Agreed.  I think the problem is people expecting him to be a TRUE #1.   He isn't. But when we play complimentary football.... the run games working and we have a big body reciever to work the middle of the field, he can be explosive!"
This is my fantasy football name. Too bad I'm in last place
He gets too much heat on this sub no doubt
""
We need the Browns to actually lose to them
Why would we want the Browns to beat Pittsburgh at this point?
"Shit, you guys right. We need browns to lose. Pretend it’s bengals"
Browns needa lose starting on monday... we need the Steelers to pummel them
We need the Steelers to beat the Browns and Colts lol
In a perfect world I believe we want the colts and browns to lose. And as long as KC goes 15-1 the Steelers will be playing the 7 seed and we’ll be the 5
"I know we want Cleveland to lose, but man, just imagine how salty Pittsburgh would be if they choke the division lead and Browns win the AFCN."
""
Bruh everyone needs to relax. He was emotional but really didnt say anything that stupid. He was even tweeting about a great team win.
[deleted]
""
Once a week tradition
Tbf these penalties up across the league...
Lamar x JK/Gus are THE FUCKING ANSWER. stop calling plays like they aren't. These boys absolutely eat up yards and it's time to stop starving them from carrying the ball. A blind man can see that this running game can take us to the promised land with this trio. LET'S GOOOO
"Ingram needs to be 3rd rb. I love him but he has no burst left, jk looks 20x better"
It makes me sad because I love ingram. Dude is a firecracker. I'm just going by what I see
I love Ingram but the fact that everyone who ran the ball tonight had a long over 30 yards besides him is pretty damning. He just doesn’t have it this season.
Pretty much. Zero reason for Ingram to be anything higher than the 3 back.
"Yeah, Ingram’s washed."
"You’re not wrong. Ingram is still at a respectable 4.1 ypc this year, but the other guys are electric."
"We didnt have a huge lead and roman put ingram in on a 3rd and 2. He picked it up, but man was that stupid."
""
"No we have to go Wednesday, Tuesday, Monday THAN Sunday"
My sleeping pattern is fucked
One man's trash is another man's treasure...I hate Sunday 1pm games because I'm in church on the west coast until halftime lol
It makes me really sad when we have friends over our house for football Sunday and I have no game to cheer for and I’m just hanging out in my jersey getting mad at my fantasy teams.
100% i hate prime time games living on the east coast #washed
"I mean, the last 2 were already scheduled to be non-Sunday prime time games. But yeah, I like 1pm Sunday kickoffs."
Next week will be our last prime time game right ?
I kind of like Having to watch my football team play on a Tuesday evening while ignoring my lecture lol
As a fan that lives out of market I'm totally fine with the weird time slots and not having to give my computer STD's to stream the game online
"This man came in after not playing or or practicing essentially for 2 weeks, down Andrews and Snead, threw 2 TDs and ran for a huge one on 4th down....

And all I see is people talking about one of his incompletions (not in this sub). Sure he needs to work on some mechanics but really? That’s what people are talking about during this whole game is an incompletion? I swear he’s the most scrutinized QB in the league.

Anyways BIG TRUZZZZ AND GREAT FUCKING WIN"
"Ignore the internet nerds who don't watch football and just look at the box score or one bad throw. His job, primarily, isn't to throw the ball. Idiots can't and won't fathom the concept of a QB having more of an impact on the ground than through the air. 

Also, he's still a good passer. It's just not his primary job. Did they not see that dime to Hollywood?"
People just want to hate. I still shat on Brady's game every chance I got until he left NE. Fuck em.
Can’t wait for the media tomorrow to talk nonstop about the cowboys and how bad they are and for them to criticize Lamar and do their weekly Jackson hot takes. Can’t go a week without the media talking shit about us
Someone in the Steelers sub compared him to Terrell Pryor lmao
Nothing will ever be enough for these morons. He’s made a lot of people look like absolute idiots. Even if he played absolutely perfect you’ve still got the racist mfers that will no doubt show up
Not as bad as the Hollywood Brown hate coming straight from the fans of the franchise who drafted him. Unreal.
"What’s worse is it’s because Aikman thinks over analyzing form is helpful with commentary.

When he mentioned lamars elbow dropping for a single Incompleted pass I knew it’s all the haters would talk about.

Now everyone thinks they know the best throwing form and that Lamar is subpar due to a throwing style, but mahomes or any other QB does the same exact thing and that’s fine"
"Nfl is bitter about the Steve Saunders thing (kinda fair) so they’re going after Lamar even harder cuz it pisses them off that a team they hate has a good player. They’ll say he’s trash but he’s undeniably talented. 

The hate is less about Lamar personally and more about hating the Ravens. Imo a lot of casual fans went from the pats to the Steelers now that Brady is gone and they suck. Steelers have always had a lot of fans who back them by default for some weird reason. Combine all that, and you get the r/nfl hive mind. Pretty toxic place that downs ravens fans immediately for absurd reasons."
He needs to go back to work and fix his passing mechanics. Get rid of that side arm throw. He takes a half second too long to throw the ball when he has an open receiver.
Why do people on this sub care so much about what other subs are saying? Lamar is having accuracy problems whether you admit it or not. He played well tonight and helped us win... his accuracy wasn't great on down field throws. He's our guy and I hope he figures it out. We need to know what we really have before we write that check.
"Tbh Lamar is not looking like a decent passer whatsoever. He is really struggling with simple routes and accuracy and we should be worried. He seems to only be able to hit the flats, 4 yard crossing routes, and INTs consistently.

Edit: to the people downvoting, acceptance is a quicker path to recovery. Getting frustrated and denying the truth only makes you more upset."
Gg
"Go get some defense in the draft, you’ll be just fine next year with a healthy team !"
"I don’t really care for football that much but the pandemic has done strange things. That was a really fun game to watch especially that willie mays over the shoulder catch from marquis brown for that second half touchdown.

i was a little bummed when they were talking about how the ravens 294 yards and they didn’t have enough time to get over 300. sounded like an in-game milestone to hit.

also, turner missing that field goal after joe buck jinxing his gives me another reason to fucking hate joe buck’s stupid guts.

i don’t understand the season structure or playoff eligibility in nfl much, but sounded like this keeps the team in the running so let’s go ravens!"
We may need you to watch every other game this season lol
I’m a raven/dodger fan and when Joe buck speaks it brings back playoff pain
Hey I'm a ravens fan that became an O's fan because of it I went to my first game in 2014 I go every year now!
ravens legend justin turner
Yeah watch out for next week when Adley Rutschman joins the team to back up Lamar at QB
""
J
"I think he’ll be a big part of us winning out the next couple of weeks, he’s so fast and elusive, and very much like Ray Rice."
Why isn't he featured more?  I feel none of the RBs really get in the rhythm and tire the defense.
He needs at least 15 touches a game
"I want this man to be our bellcow so badly. Shades of Ray Rice, even wears the same number. Dude is elusive, runs with such fire and grit and is always jumping back up after being hit wanting the ball again.

Giving this man more carries is the path to success."
JK ALL DAY
Gus Edwards too
Saved my fantasy week too! My faith paid off!
The fact that he doesn’t get 15+ carries each game is a joke
Fueled by Veggies
He almost won my game for me but I made the mistake of starting snell over jD mckissic this week
"**Ravens' Lamar Jackson Says He Still Has No Sense of Taste or Smell Post-COVID-19**

[https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2921591-ravens-lamar-jackson-says-he-still-has-no-sense-of-taste-or-smell-post-covid-19](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2921591-ravens-lamar-jackson-says-he-still-has-no-sense-of-taste-or-smell-post-covid-19)

This could be a huge advantage playing in Cleveland next week against the Brownstains..."
"Fuck, I really don’t want Covid. Food is one of the greatest joys in life for me."
"Also said he had other symptoms, that really sucks I wonder how the rest of them are doing"
"Cam Newton talked about how wiped he felt abs that he really does take a while to get back healthy, so I’m happy Lamar looked great rushing the ball all things considered"
""
Tbf Skip always on Lamar’s side. it’s Shannon sharpe who’s been coming out with hot takes for Lamar Jackson all season long. He’s super critical on Lamar but Protects Carson Wentz with his life when he’s arguably the worst starting QB at the moment. Dude pulls all the excuses for Carson and tomorrow he’s still gonna have something on Lamar
Drip Bayless
Lawrence is playing great his secondary is just utter shit but yea Jaylon Smith is fleecing the fuck out of the Cowboys.
Can someone explain what this means? Genuinely asking.
I mean we'll take Lawrence off his hands if thats what he thinks of him lol.
""
"fuck cleveland, its on"
"The angle they showed on tv from his back of this play made me laugh.

It was like hollywood threw his hand up in the endzone and then Lamar like waved back.

Made me laugh a little.

The boys looked good last night for the most part!"
[deleted]
""
Damn. He and Lamar both dealin with some shit this season. I think Lamar has lost 3 friends this season.
Damn rip
He gets hate on this sub for not performing. But he balled out last night despite this. Reminds me of Torrey Smith.
Rest In Power
RIP
"May he rest peacefully and if there is a life after this, joyously."
Rip
AB really gone?
"Why did i read the title as ""players"" like a bad chinese impression?"
Ab?
""
Who do WFT fans hate the most in their division? Is it the Cowboys?
MARYLAND STRONK
it would be insane if we both made it to the superbowl and I think as long as our teams use good unique plays it would be one hell of a superbowl
THE BELTWAY BROTHERHOOD
A truly great week
"It looked like we weren’t getting a lot of pressure in dalton tonight, mainly because judon was out, and ngakoue definitely wasn’t getting pressure tonight. I feel like we actually need Judon more than we think we do."
"I used to shit on Judon. I still don’t think he’s worth a $20m a year contract like another team will play him but I was thinking, “damn, if he were in I bet yannick and Calais would be significantly closer to the QB every play”"
It's not unpopular. Judon would have absolutely help this team. No one worth their salt thinks he isnt worth 10mil plus he is a great pass rusher. But he doesn't embody the ravens at a gun range during quarantine? Immediate dismissal. He will absolutely help us win a superbowl him and yannick together are so much better than separate. They both can command doubles which puts the line in a very susceptible situation.
Not unpopular. He's not a huge contract guy but he's an above average player. Our pressure on Dalton tonight was weak. With Judon we would've had more pressure. He's not worth the money he commands but he's definitely worth a starting spot
"Judon is good. I dont think anyone here thinks otherwise. He's a starter on almost every team in the league. He just isn't worth top money. But again, that isnt saying we don't need him."
"Regardless of what everyone says now, you're right it is an unpopular opinion. People shit on him because they don't understand what we ask him to do and just expect to see prime T.Suggs every snap.

Judon and Bowser both allow us to blitz from every position on the field because they are able to drop into coverage and hold up. They both (and Ngakoue) blitz and stunt really well with guys like Campbell and Wolfe up front.

The problem is, what is that worth, what do we want to give up to keep that. Everyone is focused on signing or not signing Judon, but if we lose both him and Bowser our defense does not look this good next year, and it's a very real possibility we have to let them both walk with very little to draft with.."
"Judon isn’t awful but he’s def not worth the money he’s asking for. He consistently sucked the first half of the season and cost us a ton of yards. He’s improved since then, but his inconsistency is a bit concerning. 

Not a terrible player, but not a star either."
Unpopular opinion: we need Judon in order to make Ngakoue look good. Another unpopular opinion: I'd rather sign Judon over Ngakoue.
""
My goodness. In the exact order too.
I think water/hydration might help the covid recovery instead of the wine.  I know he was crushed though.  Sucks for Dez.  Hopefully he's OK today and will still ride with us.
Man i feel for Dez man this shit sucks. This whole season has been a mess. If the NBA and NHL showed us anything its that sports gotta be in bubbles to contain the damn virus. Or players gotta start wearing masks while they play
🍷
"I have to give it Dez, he really took a tough one right to the heart.  

First, he's got to be ecstatic he's playing again after a terrible injury.  Then he gets to play against his old team.  He gets to see all the familiar faces in pregame.  He's about to compete against them.

Then, a few minutes prior to kickoff they come tell him he tested positive.  He is not going to be able to play the game.  He's got a virus that can be very scary.  He's hugged all these friends and potentially exposed them and their families.  He won't play next week.

Thats one hell of a Rollercoaster to ride."
Seeing Dez out there is the one thing I really looked forward to seeing in this match up. The game was as expected - easy. Dez would’ve made it more interesting.
"After the dominating win, I was thinking of how good JK looked tonight. Then I looked at the stats for him and really thought he would have had even better numbers than he did. 11 rushes for 71 yards (30 of 71 on 1 long run) and 1 TD.


I'm proud of all the guys but I just thought it was odd that he didn't have the statistical scores that I thought he had. Just wondering if this happened to anyone else too. Glad we got this win!"
If you get seven yards every time you run the ball you will win the game.
Him and gus bus are the future
[removed]
[deleted]
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/9cz3mm3u94461.gif?format=mp4&s=701eecb4170a5bc1cf30f277c15b1b28066850d6)

---
This mp4 version is 98.08% smaller than the gif (205.88 KB vs 10.49 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
"He's coming back next game, hopefully"
"I laughed way harder than I expected :D

With the lil x, my goodness. Well done OP!"
That is all
[deleted]
"Thanks Troy. 

Now go back to Louisville and last years MVP tape and watch Lamas perfect throwing motions. 😂

Lol take dip out of mahhomes flutie's flakes breakfast cereal that russle cooked, it doesn't matter how he throws it. It matters that it gets there. 

LJ needs to go back to throwing how he is comfortable throwing. ..not be coached to be like a prototipical nfl qb."
People are just repeating what they heard the commentators said last night at this point lmaooo. His main problem is his footwork not his release. He misses passes when he throws using mainly his upper body and not allowing his legs to give him a proper base.
"So many experts on passing mechanics this week, Dalton missed throws last night as well, but you don’t see the frame by frame breakdown. We need to win games, if we have the Lamar we had last night for the rest of the year, we can do damage, who cares if he misses a few throws."
He’s been out for a week he’s probably a lil rusty and he only practiced once
""
"Tbf we've been doing this with butker, even weeks after their game against us (ik there's more of a friendly rivalry between us and kc but still)"
Upvote parties in general are stupid.
"The second most upvoted comment sums it up

> People on this sub are making fun of the Ravens sub for having an upvote party because we lost.  (https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/k9h5k2/ratbird_fans_are_the_biggest_haters/)

>Meanwhile our sub is having an upvote party because their kicker missed a field goal?  Really?"
Dude - this sub does the EXACT SAME THING.
I have three words...
The best part is the post right before that where they complain about us having upvote party for their loss to WFT lol
"We had probably a 100 posts about their loss to the Football Team within 10 minutes of the game. 

Both our fan bases have been super petty."
Torille
"https://www.espn.com/nfl/stats/player/_/stat/receiving

People say Lamar sucks at passing

Here are how our WR/TE rank

* Marquise Brown 555 yards 46th
* Mark Andrews 454 yards 72th
* Willie Snead IV 379 yards 91st

We need a better WR/TE badly.

Also guess who our best RB is? 

Lamar Jackson, 669 yards rank 14"
"We don’t need a new TE we need a new OC that can scheme WR open, cause Greg’s passing plays are way too predictable."
"> 72th

Seventy twoth"
"These sort of posts always baffle me. You saw Boykin catch passes last night. People are ready to write the dude off. But he can't catch passes that aren't thrown to him! Our WRs' stats are near the bottom of the league, but that isn't because they aren't good WRs."
"Yeah, it's been a rough year offensively"
When was Brady bitching about his WR's?
Ravens front office couldn’t draft a good receiver. What were they thinking by taking a small WR with a first rounder
Receivers can't get yards if they aren't passed too. Not sure why season yard totals are your barometer for skill
"Mark Andrews is a top 5 TE in the league. Put some respect on his name

But yeah our WRs suck"
I know they were being sold here at one point and i hopped on the offer too soon... been kicking myself in the head for it ever since. Anyone know where to purchase one?
I’ve been dying to find one too. I can’t seem to find anything on the web.
"After a bit of searching. You could apparently get them if you signed a local youth football team in the “Team On The Rise” campaign.

[https://www.baltimoreravens.com/fans/rise/teams-on-the-rise/](https://www.baltimoreravens.com/fans/rise/teams-on-the-rise/)"
Not sure what area you’re in... there’s a Ravens pop up shop/ Baltimore... in Canton/ that’s where I bought mine... today.
""
Well I mean it is fine...they’ve won 4/5
I seriously doubt they’re that worried sitting at 11-1
I’m sure we don’t want to look at the passing yards comparison though...
I may get downvotes but if you talk to steeler fans they (most) of them know they can’t run the ball this year very well.... they don’t like conner rn either
Steelers fans: “bUt It’S tHe CoWbOyS”
"He was taking off when the lane was there. Earlier in the year we saw him hesitate to do so which typically let to an incompletion. 

Him rushing a lot benefits our running and passing game. It opens up opportunity’s for other guys to get open and opens up running lanes for our backs. 

Lamar should be running the ball 10-15 times a game. It’s that crucial to our offense. That’s what he’s done for his first 3 years in Baltimore. That’s what made him so special his rookie year when his passing wasn’t up to par."
I cannot agree with you more Lamar is always so hesitant an example of this would be in the patriots game where he had an open rushing lane but hesitated and threw an incompletion to Willie Snead.
"I agree, he has to do what sets him apart."
"I’m all for Lamar improving his passing game by getting more in-game reps, but when it’s time to make a play, he needs to be willing to run"
"I was so happy to see this man. A lot of mobile dual-threat QBs end up running all the time so I'm thrilled that Lamar wants to pass first, second, and third, but it was so frustrating how many times he'd have a wide-open first down if he tucked and ran, but instead he'd stop, reset to throw, and force a ball to a covered receiver instead of taking the free first.

Quarterbacks are supposed to pass, but when you've got his kind of speed and the defense gives you that play for free, you take it. It feels like a small thing, but seeing him calm down and take the freebie with his legs instead of trying to force a throw was so good to see last night."
"This was my biggest takeaway. He took more chances in the ground against a bad run defence. 

My issue is, if any team can stop our run or Lamar’s running lanes, we are doomed. We can’t pass the ball. It’s simple. I do not trust our passing game at all. Make this team 1 dimensional and we fall apart."
I was relieved he was able to run so well last night. Was worried he would have some post-COVID shortness of breath but if anything he seems more like his old self. Maybe he had some soft tissue injuries making him hesitate a little and the time off helped.
"This is true, but there were a lot of lanes lol."
"I saw a stat that said we’re 16-1 when lamar rushes for 70 or more yards. Even yesterday on the 3rd and 2 or whatever where he ran to the right and reachdd the ball over the marker, he had a moment where he could have run for probably 15-20 yards but he looked like he was waiting too long for the routes to develop. I know he wants to be a passing QB and I think he will improve at that, but the man is so gifted at running, he can’t deny that."
"Sleeper takeaway: Lamar is essentially our lead back and the biggest hit to our offense has been his lack of consistent big runs. His YPC is way down. When you have a player like dobbins on the field you can’t focus solely on Lamar, dobbins is too explosive and he helps open lanes for Lamar and vice versa."
Hesitating gets you killled
"Considering that Lamar's passes were in front, behind, too high or too low pretty much all night, running is for sure a better option."
"He played the Cowboys, don't get too excited."
"Wasn't able to catch the game yesterday and I feel like you can only get so much from looking at highlights and stat sheets. From what I can gather, we ran the ball exceptionally well getting several players involved, and our defense was a little inconsistent but played well overall.

Does anyone here care to give their take on the game; specifically who they think played well or not as well?"
I know it was just the cowboys but Lamar looked like he had his confidence back.   Our defense looked slow and sluggish. Considering most of them just got over corona its understandable.  Play calling was a bit predictable but if its putting points up in not gonna complain
"You take is pretty much on the money. 

Ravens Offense was able to exploit the Cowboys weakness on defense by running the ball. Passing was ok given that Snead and Andrews were out but Lamar was able to find Brown and Boykin for TDs 

Some people will say the Ravens defense was not great but given that Jimmy Smith, Tramon Williams, and Judon were out. Campbell and Brandon Williams are just coming back and probably not 100%, I think this was more of a conservative ""bend don't break"" plan

Special Teams was not the best with Tucker missing a 30ish yard FG and there was a long kickoff return. It was an off night for the unit 

Going forward Lamar should try to run for positive yards if nothing is there for passing plays. The offense needs to run it alot and mix in play action like RG3 2012. 
Peters needs to not take plays off as he wasted a potential goal line stand toward the end of the game. It was inconsequential as the cowboys still needed 2 more scores with 3 minutes left but still"
"I've never seen a team get so many illegal formation calls. 

I mean it's fucking wild. I've been watching playing coaching for 30 years in two different countries... We are guaranteed *at least* one a game.

This is a once every couple season penalty. It's a penalty from not know what your doing. It because you didn't know where you were supposed to line up. ..at the nfl level. ..it just blows my fucking brain.

Other then that, we played better. LJ looked more focused, and was hitting the holes FAST. He's been running with hesitation all year but yesterday seemed to say fuck it, let do it live. 

Ingram needs consistent carries to be effective. He needs 10+ touches or he's really slow off the line, trying to get a feel for the D. Watch his screen play in the first quarter? . ..he catches it, turns and looks where to go instead of running and scanning. That's a 15 yrd gain if he takes off. By the end of the game, he was running smoother and with more vision after roman kept feeding him. 

That in mind, obviously JK needs to be the feature back. 

I'm not a hollywood fan this year, but this was a good baby steps game. Mcsorleys TD pass last week made the cowboys have to at least think about his speed a bit. His improv touchdown last night was a great play and shows the situations that he can be dangerous in. He is not a slot WR. He's not a Steve smith, an AB, or a bolden. He's a much better version of Torrey smith - he needs another legit WR opposite to allow him 1-1 with no safety overtop. He's just not like.. thick? enough to compete with bump and rush or double teams. Maybe he can beef up even more this off-season to a djax body.  Either way, Let's hope he can build on this.

Boykin caught a fucking ball, so that's nice. 

Cowboys lick a dick at everything but WR."
"Edwards is a beast when he gets past the line of scrimmage.
Lamar looked like he was having real fun in the 4th.
Fort picked that pass in the end zone. 
Couple missed plays by the officiating crew on both sides... nothing new.
Joe Buck can lick my nuts."
"The ravens first touchdown, if you can find it, really stood out for me. 

The ravens faced a 4th and 2 situation and Lamar told special teams to stay off the field and that they were going for it. It seems like he completely improvised from whatever scheme and handled the play himself. 

To see him take back control of the offense like that was great. Later in the game when it was still close you can see situations in which he made the right choice and decided not to go for it. It seems the wheels are turning with him more and obviously a win you highlight the good but it seems some swagger is coming back.

Maybe it was first game back post COVID or something else but we need more of this Lamar"
Lamar threw some ducks. Understandable given the weird offseason and lack of practice but it looked to me like he was throwing from a narrow base and did some more needless sidearm throws.
"Defense sucked but opportunistic, passing game was not good, lamar had some good throws but many were pretty horrid. He bailed us out with his legs a lot."
We beat a team we were supposed to beat. Thats it.
Offense is still stagnant and can’t throw the ball against a baddddd defense. Hollywood continues to underwhelm
"Forced alot of crappy 1 to 2 yards throws to start. Dominated a terrible defense rushing, and let Lamar play to his strength as a scrambling quarterback. Need more of that from Lamar and less of this wanna be pocket qb shit.

Hollywood had a nice route and Lamar dimed him on that throw. One of his best throws ever imo. We need to stick to game managing and controlling clock again instead of trying to hit homeruns like we were doing early in the year."
"Blitzing a qb that gets the ball off immediately doesn’t work. They’ll get the pass off every time, and it leaves their receivers wide open. That’s what happens with the Steelers- cover the receivers instead of attacking Ben, we disarm their offense."
"Hey all, feels good to get a W after taking three Ls in a row. Let’s talk about our 34-17 victory. Can’t wait to discuss, let me know if I missed anything. Let’s go Ravens! (As always forgive typos) 

Offense:

1. QB play was okay, but the lack of practice time was evident as well. Lamar’s mechanics just aren’t great this year, and it’s something he has to get fixed. Lamar doesn’t position his shoulder when he throws and often throws off his unplanted foot. Now, part of this is he’s often throwing on the move behind our line, but he is struggling to make passes he should be able to make. The example being the third down pass after the half (not a fan of the play calling sequence here) but Boykin was open, and we need to make that play to beat good teams. However, his TD pass to Hollywood showcases that his has the talent. Lamar’s legs are his greatest weapon, which isn’t a knock on his passing, but a fact that we should exploit as much, and when logically possible. 

2. WR play was actually up yesterday IMO. Hollywood played well, barring the pick at the beginning which was both a high ball, and a lack of jump on his part. Boykin showed up, probably getting my hopes up, but maybe he’ll get it together going forward. 

3. TE play was as good as we can ask at this point. Wilson is trying, I think he’ll be an okay compliment to Andrews when he returns. Wilson was fairly effective at blocking the outside runs, he’s quick in space. 

4. RBs kicked ass. Simple as that. Dobbins is our number 1 (someone page GRo), Edwards is 1b, and Ingram really needs to be moral support/occasional relief back. Now the Dallas defense is truly horrific, but here’s the thing, the Oline wasn’t always getting good blocks but our runners (including Lamar) consistently made something happen. 

5. Oline play was what we’ve done to expect. They did alright in the run game, but struggled in pass blocking. While Dallas didn’t record a sack, that was more them sucking than our line. We have to overcome the injuries and do the best we can going forward. 

6. Overall, the offense did what it had to, ran the ball and torched the Cowboys on the ground. Lamar made some good plays, and made some worrisome plays. Overall I feel like they performed okay, but they didn’t show me anything to make me feel good about playing a team like the Chiefs. 

Defense 

7. Dline - the Cowboys managed 111 yards on the ground last night. So in terms of yards we didn’t do great, but we were consistently getting tackles for a loss. A very average performance for this group. Some slack needs to be given considering it was Campbell and Williams first game back. 

8. The LBs, much like the Dline, played okay but not great. Trickery continues to fool us. I will say this, when they come up to make a play, they lay down some thumping hits. Same for the safeties. That kind of nastiness is very Ravens. 

9. The pass rush only got home 1 time the entire game. Unacceptable. Dalton had all game. Judon missing was felt, and Yannick needs to step it up because his “grace period” is over. The fact that McPhee got the sack over him is alarming. Ferguson/Bowser are slowly becoming our most consistent rushers. Bowser has really come on in coverage as well. 

10. I’m just going to group the secondary as one item to keep the post from getting super long. They played poorly. Watching the Dallas receivers run around wide open all game was sickening. They play off constantly, which usually I wouldn’t care about, but they’re getting destroyed with it this year. The gamble of giving the receiver space to try and make a turnover happen hasn’t payed off in a long time. Make no mistake we have great players in our secondary but this unit didn’t play well in this game. 

Special Teams 

11. Tucker is Tucker, that miss was just one of those random things. Koch did well with his punts. 

12. The Cowboys had a long return that set them up to get points but otherwise I think they were fine. One bad play doesn’t define the unit. 

Coaching 

13. Harbs not challenging the pick irked me, I can only think he was waiting for confirmation from the booth, but throw the damn flag man. 

14. GRo called an okay game. I wasn’t a fan of consistent passing plays in some situations, but I understand we can’t run the ball every play. I do wish we called passing plays that played better to Lamar’s strengths. 

15. I love that we blitz aggressively, but I’m tried of sending all that pressure without getting the sack. It’s very frustrating. I know pressure has it’s own effect but damn man, no one can get home? 

Other Notes 

16. We sorely need to practice tackling in the coming week. We aren’t taking Chubb/Hunt down with these arm tackles. This has been slipping bad in the last few weeks, I’m hoping because practices have been few and far between. 

17. Up and down is the story of both sides of the ball. We have weeks where the O looks great and then don’t do a thing the next week. Same for the defense. It’s so frustrating because if they can just be on the same page, this team would be an absolute force. 

18. This weeks game might as well be a playoff game. We have to beat Cleveland. The mistakes we made in this game can’t be repeated. We are more than capable, but we need all hands on deck, and some heat next week. 

Fuck the Browns, and of course Fuck the Steelers."
[deleted]
"Biggest point for me is what you said about passing in some situations. I think the biggest problem right now is we aren't passing on early downs nearly enough. Against teams that can stop the run at some level we are getting in a lot of third and throw positions and we don't have the pass offense to handle it. More play action on early downs will open up receivers the way it did for Boykins touchdown more often and it'll stop teams from playing so downhill on the run. 

I want to think that we solved the Oline problems and we will be back to last years running attack but I can't until I see it against someone who isn't that bad against the run. And if we haven't found a way to get back to that we will need to adjust in some way. More early down passing is for me the correct way."
"Lamar needs to get his mechanics together but that’s nearly impossible during the season. 

Brown is too soft for me. He doesn’t fight for the ball and can burn it when he gets it, but damn man, very one dimensional. 

The RBs and offensive line were money, glad to see Dobbins getting the most carries. Not sure if we’re that good at running again or them being so bad was the reason. I tend to think a good combo of both. 

The linebackers did a really nice job. Queen and Fort were playing well and reacting fast. Bowser was on coverage a lot and McPhee did a nice job of setting the edge when in there."
"I agree with a lot of what you said:

* Boykin had a great play and I loved that he fought his way into the end zone but I just do not see him as a consistent playmaker yet, he has the potential to get there but I think the GRo offense hinders him.
* Hollywood stepped up a bit this game and his move to get open in the end zone for his touchdown is exactly what we need from a guy who wants to be the star WR for the team, to me it still looks like he doesn't try for some balls thrown to him from what I've seen this season, the pick early on was a throw that was a bit too high for Hollywood.
* JK is the real deal.
* Lamar played well for being on the covid list, I was worried he would be gassed like Newton seemed to be after his time with covid but Lamar looked good with little to no practice before the game.
* I think no having Judon showed that he is a big part of the pass rush for us, he draws people for others to get through the line and that was proven tonight when their line just bullied our rushers.
* Yannick is disappointing so far plain and simple. 
* The secondary looks tired especially Peters, watching some of his plays made me feel like I needed to take a breather because he would just look like he gave up half way through, it also might not help that he looks to be limping after every play.
* Marlon looks like covid took a bit from him, he just seems to be losing a step here and there.
* As for not challenging the pick late in the game I think that was just a combination of waiting for someone to tell him to throw it and how fast the Cowboys got to the line to get a play off quickly because they knew it could be challenged. I agree that for the future Harbaugh should just go with his gut and maybe that's what he did in that situation.
* Finally I hope this win gives the team a motivation boost, after losing to the Patriots and Titans in just bad ways and to have injuries and covid on top of it all, getting guys back healthy and getting a win will hopefully give this team a spark to win."
"I might withhold judgement on Yannick until he gets some snaps with Campbell. The two of them had amazing ""stunt"" chemistry in Jax and hopefully can replicate some of that success here."
I agree with everything you said.
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-Turned-up-on-a-Tuesday-enioa7](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-Turned-up-on-a-Tuesday-enioa7)

please give this a quick 10 minute listen also so happy we won, felt like forever"
"We need to talk about our beloved Juice Man. MP has been playing scared ball for weeks now and I can't figure out why. It's almost been since he got burned by Tyreek and KC so hard early on. 

Last night was the absolute worst so far, though. Consistently playing 12 yards off the line, even on 3rd and 7 or 3rd and 8. He opens himself up to easy completions on hook routes and bites hard on the stutter step thinking it's a Go. 

Anyone know what's going on with him?"
"I’m wondering if he’s giving the space since we can’t get pressure without blitzing a safety. He isn’t getting cover off the top due to Averett needing so much help. 

If we get our starters back, including Jimmy and Calasis at full health, I bet MP gets more aggressive. We also had a lead for a lot of last night, no need to be in the line when you have the option to play off a bit without risking the game."
"He's not the one who makes the call as to where he plays on the line. If you look, Marlon and MP have both been playing far off the line for a few weeks now. Thats a DC change Im not really understanding at the moment but its for a reason. I personally think that change is effecting Marlon and MP because they cant play the hip of the WR and react quicker. Any outbreaking route is essentially a completion because they aren't close enough.

Edit: With the injuries and covid, that might be the main reason as to why they are playing 5+ yards off everytime. IDK why I keep forgetting that its been such a bang up season."
He's playing through a couple of injuries that have slowed him down. Playing off of the receiver is a way to compensate.
We've obviously seen Peters play a lot better than this but the real problem right now is Averett on the field. I want to like the guy but he's nothing but a joke out there. If Averett is on the field that's where the other team is throwing. We really need Jimmy healthy for Monday.
Probably by design. I'm sure our coaches aren't just letting him free ball it week in and week out.
I still love me some MP Juiceman I see a pick 6 very soon
[deleted]
Honestly got me starting to wonder if we need to draft a corner next year. I love Peters’ game but part of me feels like the defense would improve with a decent man cover guy who tackles well
"He’s never been a good cover corner, he excels at making plays on the ball when he’s lined up against the #3 WR. Missing Jimmy and Tavon really nullifies MP’s ability."
Peters does a lot of talk yet he is the biggest pussy in the field. Excuse my language.
Dude MP cannot tackle - he just avoids it. It’s insane.
"Hi guys, 

Life long ~~alcoholic~~ Browns fan here. I saw Dez tested positive last night before kickoff and was extremely worried about your players' health. You guys have been snake bitten this season and the fact the team is over .500 is a testament to the organization's resiliency. Just wanted to say regardless of rivalries and ~~stealing our fucking team~~ past disagreements, we are all in this fight against Covid together. Good luck to you guys this week and I hope your players can stay healthy. 

~~Fuck Art Mo...~~ Much love, 

A concerned Browns fan"
"Lol this is the first one of these ""\_\_\_\_\_ friend checking in"" from a rival sub that made me chuckle"
Why would anyone hate on Art Monk? He's a very nice guy...
"I appreciate the fine combination of shit talking with being a human, and I also appreciate that this is from a fan of another team that isn't ~~the fucking Steelers~~ a, umm, more frequent visitor.

Salut, /u/iseedrunkpeople , and know that we will still remember you affectionately, when the Browns go back to completely sucking next year. I am pleased for you that you are finally having something to cherish, even if that means next season's pain will be all the more agonizing."
"Ty v kind hope ur players are healthy 


^fuck ^the ^Steelers"
Looking forward to Monday Night. Fuck the Steelers.
"Nicely done. Hope it's one for the ages either way.

Edit - what a game, it did not disappoint"
""
"Such a odd career. Bounces around, never really able to get his feet steady. Gets his ankles broken by Lamar in training camp and a few months later he's his teammate and he's playing excellent."
"He has been a pleasant suprise the whole time he's been here, especially since [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/dbe5zm/forts_immediate_impact_on_the_ilb_core/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) was my reaction to his signing last year"
LJ Fort has been an absolute beast and I don’t understand how he was a journeyman.
Fort protects the house
Dude is one of a few guys that’s shows 100 every snap
ngl this dude balls out
I honestly think if he plays in the Patriots game we win
He picked it.
Nice INT last night.
Fort caught it.
Real recognize real. Good to see thus sub appreciate this man. No lie last year when we signed him initially I was convinced he was not going to do shit but him and Bynes came in solidified the D in an unprecedented manner. He gets signed and continues to be as good if not better. Good in coverage good in the run game and good on special teams. Just the exact definition of a guy who should have NOT been a journeyman
"Bro, facts. All he knows how to do is make plays on the ball."
I’m optimistic about Pat Queen but this dude is way more reliable in the run game rn
I don’t know how they didn’t give him that INT. Seemed more clear than the one Marcus peters against Indy
love LJ Fort but he looks like the default character in madden lmao
"u cant thwart the fort


also our team with Bwill and Campbell back is night and day, man. Offense is still a work in progress but we got some legit hope again."
"Watching him in college and seeing him getting signed by rival teams hurt. Like ""I'm happy you're making it in the NFL but i'm not cheering for you"" to now proudly having a signed jersey hanging in the mancave of finally having a fellow alum playing for your NFL team makes a guy happy.   


Also, he had that pick in the endzone last night."
It was a catch.
He has been such a good addition that when he missed a few games I was actually fearful that we couldn't win without him. He adds stability to the second level of the defense which is exactly what we need when our other LBs are two rookies and an undrafted FA in his third year.
"Throw it in a dime, LJ you are fine!!"
Man's came from out of no where bro. I am really happy his breakout season to becoming an elite LB was on a team that very needed ILB help.
Boulware?
"COVID results in the next couple of days with Dez. Super strange situation last night and really hope it is a false positive. Hope that some miracle, if Dez does have it, no players or coaches get it. Also, make sure Marcus Peters doesn’t get burnt cause he is toast!"
"Same, I don’t like how mink deleted a tweet of him with people"
I’d put money on dez not being positive. Something weirds going on
"I hate to make this joke, but “Dez Caught it”."
"If he tested positive why was he sitting on the bench/sideline during the game? Shouldn’t the protocol be “go home dude, get tf away from other players and team staff”?"
"This obviously is contingent on beating Cleveland, but what results from these games benefits Baltimore the most:

Colts at Raiders

Chiefs at Dolphins 

Steelers at Bills"
"Steelers game doesn’t really matter other than obvious FTS reasons. 

Root for the Chiefs big time. 

Colts and Raiders is a W/W or L/L outcome honestly. We have the tie break over the colts so it would be nice for Tenn to win the division and us to have the same record over Indy, but we also need to get in the playoff picture and the raiders have a better conference W/L than us. That said, I think the raiders aren’t a good football team and if they lose this game, they won’t recover. The Jets pulling the tank of the century move really screwed us over. 

Overall, (correct me if I’m wrong here) I think we really just have to root for the Dolphins to fall back down to earth and hope the raiders just suck and we can win out."
This is refreshing. The only one that reallllly matters to us is the Chiefs winning. Nice to be on that side of it
"Colts/Raiders is a wash, as long as the Titans stay ahead of the Colts since we have that tie breaker. Chiefs need to win, Rams need to beat the Patriots so they stay behind us and Bills to win just to expose the shitty Steelers even more lol (that game holds no bearing on us really since they're both division leaders).

BUT none of that matters if we don't beat the Browns, so that's the biggest thing"
"I think either the Colts or Raiders losing is a huge plus for us it doesn’t matter which, but I’ll say a tie would be a bad outcome.  Chiefs winning obviously benefits us."
I would prefer nobody gets covid. That's all I care about
"Colt, chiefs, and the other doesn’t matter since they’ll both win their division. 

Raiders and dolphins are the competition for the wildcard so we need them to lose. I think browns and colts will be 5 and 6 seeds. So 7 comes down to us, raiders, and dolphins."
We take care of our business and Steelers lose would be great
"The Ravens dominated the Cowboys and logged a win at home.  Let’s see how the guessers fared.

#Week 13 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score| 34 - 17 Ravens|
|+3| Total RAVENS defensive interceptions | 1 |
|+1| Total RAVENS field goals | 2 |

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| none |
|+3| u/SC0RCHER55 u/wheenus u/Baroudii|
|+1| u/WellillBDam u/kevin12345420 u/wheenus|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 13**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 5 | 3 | 18 |
| 2 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 3 | 5 | 14 |
| 3 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 3 | 4 | 13 |
| 3 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 3 | 4 | 13 |
| 4 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 2 | 4 | 10 |
| 5 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 2 | 3 | 9 |
| 6 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 6 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7 |
| 6 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 2 | 1 | 7 |
| 6 | u/WillillBDam   | 0 | 1 | 4 | 7 |
| 7 | u/toners889   | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 7 | u/PauleBademeister    | 0 | 0 | 5 | 5 |
| 8 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/SurfPlumber   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/PimpDaddyGrimes   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/KaiShep   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/t_mills42   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/rvnblt    | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/Skimperman   | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 8 | u/wheenus  | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 9 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/Gio52903   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/B_Boll   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 9 | u/unseth   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 10 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/wordiestfurbal    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/einRabe    | 0 | 0 | 2 | 2 |
| 10 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/JohnWachter    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/DySyncZ    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/therealmattmurdock    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/boiler1101   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 11 | u/fuzz_nose   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 14

#Ravens @ Browns

**Guesses submitted after 12/14/20 at 8pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total RAVENS RUSHING tuchdowns
* 1 point: Total RAVENS field goals

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[12/14/20 at 8pm EST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201215T0100?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%2014)"
"31-23 Ravens win

3 rushing TD's

2 field goals"
"27-24 ravens win 

2 ravens rushing touchdowns 

2 ravens field goals"
"38-35 Ravens

4 rushing TDs

3 Ravens FG"
"27-20 Browns

1 rushing TD

2 FGs"
"Ravens 30-21

2 Rushing TDs 

3 FGs"
"27-21 Ravens Win 

2 Rushing Touchdowns

2 Ravens Field Goals"
"37-34 Ravens

2 Rushing touchdowns

2 Field goals"
"31-27 ravens win
3 rushing TDs
1 field goal"
"31-27 Ravens Win

2 rushing tds 

1 field goal"
"27-21 Ravens win

2 rush TD

2 FG"
"24-10 Ravens win
2 Rushing TD’s
1 Field Goal"
"31-24 Ravens

2 rush td

1 fg"
"24-21 Ravens Win

2 rushing TDS 

1 FG"
"27 - 21 Ravens 

1 Rush TD 

2 FGS"
"27 -24 Browns

2 Ravens Rushing Touchdowns

1 Ravens field goals"
"31-21 ravens

3 raven rushing TD

1 raven field goals"
"27-24 Browns
2 rushing tds
1 fg"
""
So you bought a football card.
How much did it cost ?
You made the right choice.
Plug it into the GPU and get way better speeds
What are your pc specs?
"Agreed, smart decision!"
Bless you.
Damn sorry dude
Damn that’s sick👍🏻
Ive decided my 1070 ftw will play amazing and not let the graphics bother me. When i play through it again next time i will have gotten the rare 3080. Best wishes and always Fuck the steelers.
"Has anyone seen Hollywood's top speed from that 70yrd catch or Lamar from last night?

How/where do we find that?"
"Next gen stats shows speed. The free version shows top 20 or so from each week, and for the season. Lamar has been on it several times over 21 mph. 

Brown has been on ot once at like, 20.3 in week 3 or something.

Maybe the paid version will show more of their speed. Regardless, not much from Hollywood. Even Duvernay has been on it a couple times."
"On the 70 yard td the ravens tweeted that hollywood got up to 19 I think, not really what I was expecting from a speedster with that much open space"
"I'd like to see it, but I bet Lamar's touchdown run wasn't a mind boggling speed just because once he cleared the line he could basically quick jog in."
Open space
""
This is like being a Blackhawks fan in the NHL but make the last frame 'Too many men on the ice'
"My dad and I have a drinking game. Have to guess which quarter we get our first ""illegal formation""   


2nd quarter vs cowboys, 4th quarter vs steelers if anyone has catching up to do"
"Just looked it up, 8 times this year, 6 different games. Phi (3), Pit, Ind, NE, Pit, Dal"
"holding, 5 yard penalty automatic first down...so many opponents drives saved by someone apparently holding"
Or false start
Oooooof
Thank you. This got me 🤣
HAHAHA
""
Good read
""
I even have it on LP. Time to listen to it on repeat!
""
Billy Cundiff. I guess we all know whether his leg ever came around.
Aaron Wilson was a great reporter. I hope he’s doing well down in Houston.
"Happy to bring the Steelers back down to Earth, and preciate you reminding everyone the Cowboys are trash but could realllllly use you all discount double checking the Giants.

-WFT"
We hope to win that game but we could have used some help with Cleveland back in week three tho!
We're on to cleveland.
Hello fellow DMVer 👋👋 I love dc
[deleted]
Its always gonna be project pat
he's Project Pat
The Wall
Why?
Project Pat. That's his nicknam
Project pat forever
"I mean, ""Paddy Wagon"" was a derogatory term about how often the police would look to discriminate against the Irish. So maybe not..."
"A month ago, I adopted a cat named Maurice. He has since been nicknamed Mo by my family, since he seems to like the shorter sound. [Mo loves watching football.](https://imgur.com/gallery/y0ablty) Mo’s favorite player, by far, is Lamar. He likes watching how he runs and makes his jukes. I think he thinks Lamar is a spider. Unfortunately, a few weeks ago Mo started acting lethargic and wasn’t feeling good. He couldn’t even jump up on my bed he was so sluggish. In that time the Ravens lost three games straight. We brought him to a few emergency vets and they did a multitude of tests and couldn’t find anything conclusively wrong with him. We were worried that the worst was going to happen. Miraculously though, Sunday night he started to peek up a little, and by Monday night he was back to his old self. Last night I got to watch the Ravens (and our favorite player Lamar) kick the cowboys teeth in. I think that my cat has a spiritual connection to Lamar, and his recovery correlates to him coming off the COVID list. [Here’s Mo feeling much better](https://imgur.com/gallery/HNdSJ1c)"
"Glad he’s feeling better 🤞🏽🤞🏽 We gonna need Mo watching Lamar the rest of the season. I’m not superstitious, but I am a little stitious"
LaMo Catson
The greatest cat of all time
Awww your Mo looks a lot like our pirate kitty [Charlotte](https://i.imgur.com/vJ9iER3.jpg)! Hope Mo continues to feel better!
Can Mo play wide out?
what a sweet baby! Fyi: activated charcoal capsules are a literal lifesaver to have on hand if you ever suspect any of your animals ate something they shouldn't. They give it in the ER to people who overdose bc it adsorbs all the toxins and removes them from the digestive system. Works for kitties too--just be sure to get the kind made from coconut shells. The other kind is not safe to ingest.
I’m sorry but I’m a bigger fan than your cat
Hope Mo continues to feel better!
Mo will bring us these wins.
Awwww
Haha it’s funny now that I think of it when ever I watch the game with my cat on my lap we seem to do better 🤔
""
This makes me happy. Sometimes as fans we get really negative but this is a nice reminder that Lamar is an amazing guy and we are really lucky to have him.
"“Yes this run is legendary, but it is nothing like...”

“Bruh, you just split two people in OT for a walkoff.”

Just two humble goats spitting at each other."
The very first play they watch: the tackle tells Lamar to throw the ball. Holy shit they were in the zone that year.
Dope 🔥
That was something I didn't know I needed. Thanks for posting.
🐐🐐🐐
"It’s funny that Lamar revived Vick’s career but let’s be real, Lamar is 10x the player Vick ever was"
"Man he's so humble, when Lamar corrected Vick saying ""Like US, man!"" I got the chills, so wholesome!"
I still hate Vick for the dog fighting thing but I like watching Lamar being his usual likable self
"Why is Dez so pissed? I'm confused. 



USA TODAY: Dez Bryant goes on tweetstorm after positive COVID test

https://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nfl/ravens/2020/12/08/ravens-wr-dez-bryant-tests-positive-covid-out-vs-cowboys/6501354002/"
"Frustration.  Guys still only 32, and could get a decent payday if he showed a glimpse of his former self.  He does everything he’s supposed to do, and still has to come out of a game he could have been targeted.  Also happens to be his former team.  

I’m confused as to why you’re confused."
To be fair I’d be pissed if I had been getting ready to play a game I was excited for and then all of a sudden I was taken out because of a positive COVID test
"Because he was literally an hour away from starting against his former team, warming up, getting into his zone, cheesing for the cameras, and they went ""actually no.""


He's pissed at the circumstances dude. Doesn't mean anything but just that."
"I agree that he is just frustrated. He signed with the saints a few years ago and got hurt at practice and never played, fought his way back, did the practice squad thing, finally got some grabs the last game he played, and he probably thought this was his “I’m back” moment. 

To get pulled off the field during pregame warmups would be super frustrating."
I think it was just frustration in the moment.
He’s an emotional player that’s his game.
Well he's crazy so ...
"&#x200B;

[  ](https://preview.redd.it/j9rhg2f5e7461.jpg?width=2736&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=07806f21354e7f56ca987881f1d83019e2d51ca2)

So, I have a little fun breakdown of a key play the ravens should be using from here on out, they used it twice last night against the cowboys and both were big hitters. The play was out of spread and they ran a Bash concept. The two big plays were 4th and 2 first quarter with 33 seconds left, Lamar Jackson ran for a 37 Yard Touchdown. The second big play was 1st and 10 with 1:53 left in the quarter. Lamar this time hands off to JK Dobbins for a 27-yard run. The main read on the bash concept is the opposite of the regular read option where the running back is the threat to the outside and the Quarterback is the threat to the inside (The pulling Guard and Tackle). I absolutely think they need to keep using this play from here on out because it allows Dobbins to get aggressive coming around the perimeter and also allows Lamar to gash defenses running inside."
"Inverted veer/power read, one of the most dangerous plays but if defense is in gaps it’s worthless. It’s good when you know defenses are out of position consistently"
Here’s a great video that features both plays you’re talking about https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xIlj2PRoRHc
Honestly this is what I’ve thought we needed to do since Boyle went out.  Spread the defense out with 4 wide and then with the field spread run the option.
This is not a new concept to our team. It's only effective when defenses fuck up
"1 sack and barely any pressures on one of the worst O-Lines in the league. Andy dalton was sitting in the pocket for 5+ seconds on multiple occasions. 

Doesn’t fare well for us against a PFF graded #1 O-Line in the Cleveland Browns. Yannick has been spotty with his play and hasn’t earned an extension in my eyes. Judon was nonexistent as usual. They have a tall order on Monday night, so they better come ready to play or it could be season over

EDIT: Forgot Judon was inactive for this game, although his impact on the game remained constant"
Are you telling a joke about Judon or are you serious... ?
"This team has literally always had issues sacking Dalton. He throws quick against blitzes and knows our defence well. I can’t think of a qb this team has struggled to sack more than Dalton the last 10 years. Ravens had 31 sacks vs Dalton all time, for comparison the Browns all time have 36"
You're aware Judon is still on covid reserve and didn't play last night right?
"Calais played really poorly, and Judon was out.

The COVID losses will take a few weeks to recover from, even with all the starters back. Many players across the league have played poorly after catching COVID.

We really won’t be able to judge the current state of our pass rush until the very end of the regular season."
"1 sack and that was Ward.

Step 1.  Play Ward more in passing situations.  I actually think our best rush duo may be Ward/Yannick

Step 2.  Get back Judon.

Step 3.  Collapse the middle of the pocket.  The edge rushers got there several times but Dalton is a veteran and just stepped up in the pocket.  They need more out of Williams, Wolfe and Ellis in the middle. (This needs to be addressed this offseason too)"
Calais was coming off having Covid personally think he had a bad game but he has preexisting conditions and is likely having a harder time recovering.  Just my thoughts though.
A healthy Campbell will help dramatically.
"Judon, while his sack numbers aren’t there, is actually one of our best at disrupting plays and pressuring the QB. His being out of the game definitely played a part in our lack of pass rush."
"Don't resign Judon PLEASE

I actually think our pass rush is going to be fine if we can have Calais and BWill back for a full week of practice. Covid kind of fucked us up a lot."
""
""
Low-key kinda like it! Carbon fibre vibes. But I love grey cause I’m super plain and simple (boring)
"They look sick, would be had to justify with our color scheme though. It’s like when the 49ers wear black uniforms"
"Looks kinda like the Pro-Bowl jersey 

https://www.lids.com/lamar-jackson-nike-2020-afc-pro-bowl-game-jersey-anthracite/p-25421155645033+z-9276-3033957091"
Looks like the lions
Purple numbers and a purple stripe on the leg and they're perfect
"NFL a has the worst uniform options...... give some teams freedom to do anything fun. It’s 16 games and we’re only given one helmet and one alternate. If the team wants to do more let them. Bottom tier teams like jacksonville, NYJ, WFT should at least be able to capitalize  on apparel. Would love to see all greys... even all black with only white outlines would be sick. We have the best uniforms we should also have the best alternates. I get the safety for helmets in only having on set but man we could have some awesome uniforms"
Like it! Could be a nice counterpoint to the color rush (colorless rush?)
This is what colorblind people were seeing on that red green nightmare a few years back lol
"Looks ok in photos, but grey unis look like shit playing on field"
Purple cleats/gloves/mouthpiece and that’s a win
[deleted]
I like them.
"Needs some purple highlights, otherwise it just looks like a printer issue"
All in favor to use this verses the purple jersey white pants option.
Love
"Purple and yellower gold on the pants stripe, same for numbers also need purple sleeve line on the sleeves (all other Ravens jerseys have) and it’d be perfect. good look though!!"
"Throw some purple camo on them pants and you nailed it. 

Seriously though, I'm not a fan of the grey but I love the creativity! Wish we saw more mockups here from you talented folks."
"http://www.playoffstatus.com/nfl/ravensstandings.html

Current Playoff Odds: 46%

5th Seed Odds: 10%

6th Seed Odds: 14%

7th Seed Odds: 22%

-----------------------
**CURRENT STANDINGS**

Division Leaders 

1. Steelers (11-1)

2. Chiefs (11-1)

3. Bills (9-3) 

4. Titans (8-4)

Wild Cards

5. Browns (9-3)

6. Dolphins (8-4)

7. Colts (8-4) 

In the Hunt

8. Raiders (7-5)

9. **Ravens** (7-5)

10. Patriots (6-6) 

-----------------------

**Ravens vs Browns (BAL -1.0)**

**If we WIN**

Playoff Odds: 76% (+30%)

5th Seed Odds: 23% (+13%)

6th Seed Odds: 30% (+16%)

7th Seed Odds: 23% (+1%)

**If we LOSE** 

Playoff Odds: 27% (-19%)

6th Seed Odds: 3% (-11%) 

7th Seed Odds: 24% (+2%) 

------------

**Who to root for (in order of importance)** 

Ravens beating Browns (+30% chance of playoffs with win, -19% with loss)

Chiefs beating Dolphins (+4% chance of playoffs with Chiefs win, -8% with Chiefs loss)

Rams beating Patriots (+2% chance of playoffs with Rams win, -3% with Rams loss)

Raiders beating Colts (+1% chance of playoffs with Raiders win, -1% with Raiders loss, also fuck the Colts)

Steelers losing, Bengals losing, Titans losing (I hate all of these teams and I'm sure you do too, doesn't help us playoff wise lol)

------------

**Poll of the Week**

Rank these 7 Ravens ""rivals"" (Steelers, Browns, Titans, Bengals, Patriots, Colts, Chiefs) to determine which teams the Ravens hate the most: http://www.polljunkie.com/poll/wszqpd/rank-the-following-teams-in-order-of-most-hated-to-least-hated

Results will be revealed in next week's post!"
">Steelers losing, Bengals losing, Titans losing (I hate all of these teams and I'm sure you do too, doesn't help us playoff wise lol)

I felt this, I hope they fly into an active volcano"
Titans winning helps us playoff wise because they need to take the division.  I think you should expand to show that.
""
This was my lock screen last year and my fiance insinuated that I was a homosexual for having it. Kept it tho
This has been my lockscreen photo all season
Anyone have a link to save the image?
[deleted]
"JK is 2nd in the league behind Chubb with 5.4 yards/carry (4th overall, Lamar & Kyler are ahead). I feel like a homer saying this but the way he's been running I really think he's a top 10 RB across the league talent-wise. 

Somewhere behind Chubb, Kamara, Henry, Cook, McCaffrey & Barkley. Those guys are all really special. Anyone else I'd argue that he looks as good or better given the opportunities"
"Ingram’s a great dude, but there’s really no reason for him to be getting carries over Dobbins and Edwards at this point."
"Without lamar,jk and gus this offense would be the bears offense with a slighty better run game"
"I think he's just pleasing them ATM, I think this off season one of them will go and I don't see it being Dobbins."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9z8be)"
what does this have to do with the ravens?
between....?
Ima say lawrence but thats only because I dont trust ohio state qbs
"Who would be the better OC

I honestly think Marty would be a lot better for the ravens than Greg tbh 

I’m talking the 2018 Lamar Marty not 2016 Flacco Marty"
"no no no no no no no. Marty was one of the worst OCs I've ever seen in my life. I'm not a Roman fan, but at least he can help scheme a great run game. Marty could do nothing, and that 2018 year Greg Roman was our run game coordinator and probably had a huge hand in the on the fly offense we built around Lamar."
lmao this fan base got so much stupider over the past 2-3 years
You're an idiot.
"Holy fucking christ. Im usually pretty chill on here, but that's just plain dumb."
How about none of the above
You should probably stop licking dogs.
So we're asking if a shiny turd is better than a normal one. I say roman he sucks but he took our offense to record setting last year
""
"It wouldn’t be automatic first down

It’d be “repeat first down”"
""
Kick him off the tour Doug.
Steelers are being exposed. Really want a rematch in the playoffs. Can’t wait to see jujus new tiktok. Hell yeah
I vote Old Bay!
"Don’t worry i have a preview of his newest tiktok


https://twitter.com/SupremeKreme/status/1336121195628908545?s=20"
Hollywood can be a Diggs type player. I just don't see the effort from him.
I am *E R E C T*
""
He spelled Super Bowl wrong
"Hate how we didn’t even atleast try to peruse Diggs. If decosta is watching the game right now he better be taking notes on what to do the next time a big time receiver is on the market. Digg is legit a safety blanket and is destroying the Steelers single handily. It’s not like Josh Allen is throwing bombs to Diggs it’s just short passes like Lamar is doing, but they got someone who can catch and get YAC."
"Not being targeted either, I'm facing him and not in trouble anymore."
Hello Darkness my old friend..
r/agedlikemilk
They’re dating now
Aged like milk🥛!
I couldn't slam the upvote fast enough
""
"He's so fucking annoying.

Bills are running clock and he says now that's like the old school Steelers.  Get a lead and run the ball."
"There are three certainties in life - death, taxes and Chris Collinsworth fellating the Steelers on national television."
"He has actually toned it down, two or three years ago he would constantly  bring up steelers analogies even when the steelers weren't playing. ......Wow! what a great play by Drew Brees reminds me of the play that Roethlisberger and the steelers made earlier against the colts, speaking of the steelers....they really looked good today."
Who cares what that closet pedo thinks/says
""
I don’t even want to know where this is from
Name of girl in bottom
"Need source. My school teachers always said to provide sources for your images in assignments. Therefore I need the source, for school of course"
Can i get a link
I’m also sick of hearing about Ben’s and quick release 89 million times. I watched the game on mute
boner
Half the time my volume is off
What are the Steeler Stans blaming this game on? Having to play an NFL schedule in 2020? Maybe all red unis are illegal.
They had 2 linemen hurt dude... how do you expect them to win with 2 starters out???
Bud Dupree and Devin Bush is probably gonna be the main excuse.
"Checked out their sub last night, seemed like they mostly blamed their OC and Tomlin."
""
THE RAVENS EXPOSED SOME THINGS
(You’re not special)
"They play the Colts and the Browns, not unlikely they go 13-3"
This game just angers me.. we should be 2-0 against these frauds this season.
And we aren't so
""
"My favourite anacdote about the steelers this year came from Osi Umenyiora:

https://twitter.com/NFLUK/status/1334203176451379202?s=20"
"I’m shaking rn. My 1 year old son just said his first words. He said ""is it true the Steelers were 11-0 because of a cupcake schedule?"" I said ""yes son, and they will get get owned in the first round of the playoffs."" It was one of the realest moments of my life."
"Suck ass team. Overrated as fuck and it shows now that they're playing a good (healthy) team. Fuck JuJu and his stupid tiktok bullshit, can't stand any of them. Absolutely deserved loss."
"Fuck Ebron, and the Tik Tok bitches"
OVERRATED FRAUDSS
We should've beaten them. Fucking covid.
Fuck the Steelers. I’m glad to see Buffalo beat those clowns.
Browns fans already jerking each other off that they're about to run the table and win the division. Would sure hate to rain on their parade tomorrow...
The most overrated undefeated team of all time. We can miss the playoffs and I’m still chillin over here watching the Steelers get stomped on week after week lol
No JuJu dance on TikTok tonight!
Pad the stats- should be an easy one.
FRAUDS
They are who we thought they were!
"I hate watched a Steelers game for the first time tonight.

Y’all owe me."
BEAUTIFUL!!!!
"That third quarter was a hell of a thing. Diggs obviously deserves credit for being a golden god of a receiver, but holy shit how do you leave him that open for play after play?"
Would be nice to end the season at 11-5 and them at 12-4 or 13-3. Completely different mental landscape entering the post season
Most overrated offense i have ever seen it’s basically the cardboard box in the dumpster behind goodwill version saints offense
Heck Yes!!!!!
"Big Ben realizing the team is overrated

https://imgur.com/t/funny/RyIWSpy"
fuck the steelers  - exposed for what they are!
"Y'all should be ashamed, making fun of a team that is clearly still recovering from their BRUTAL 3 games in two weeks that teams go through every year!"
F
I argued with a steelers fan about their fraudulent record. All he could say was we best you twice. Yeah and. ......They know we weren't healthy both times. Now
HAHAHAHAHA GET FUCKED PISSBURGH
"Perfect end to 2020, the winners of the AFC north is the Cleveland Browns.  As my 89 year old mother says, the world is upside down this year."
One of these games Chris Collinsworth is literally going to walk down to the field and give Ben and JuJu a full-on blowjob on the 50 yard line.
These are my favorite type of parties!
Like the frauds we knew them to be
The Steelers are who we thought they were.
I think the Bengals could've taken them with Burrow next week.  Fuck the steelers!
Fuck the Steelers.
Thanks Ravens Bro’s!  Now make it to the fucking playoffs so we can play y’all again!
"Eyyyy! Looks like they are still in their feelings when, they lost to the team with no name."
"Nice, now we just have to go and take care of business tonight !"
He he
happy about that!
Love to see this two weeks in a row let’s go
[Josh Allen said it best](https://twitter.com/mybookiebet/status/1338490144551264257?s=20)
"We got you, fam. Lee Evans for life."
HOORAY
AB was right about boo boo
Even their coach said they suck HAHA
Lol even if you manage to eek past the Browns you're still behind them and 3rd in the division....HAAAHAHAHAAAHAHAHAAA!
Chiefs now in the #1 seed. All the more reason to celebrate :D
[deleted]
"I still really wish the sub got as hyped for our wins as it did for Steelers losses.

These upvote parties are already cringe as fuck, never mind the fact that the past two weeks its unveiled how much more we care about them doing bad than we do about us doing well apparently."
"Damn, I don’t like the Steelers, but some of y’all need to chill out. Some of these comments are kind of out of hand. We have to give respect where respect is due. 

Even though one of our losses to them was an asterisk, and the refs screwed us in the 4th quarter of our first matchup, doesn’t change the fact that they beat us twice, beat the Titans, and have a much better record than us. 

So kudos to the Steelers for being good this year, how dat L taste?"
FUCK THE STEELERS
AMEN
PREACH
FUCK 🗣 THE 🗣 STEELERS 🗣
[deleted]
HAHAHAHAHA THE FRAUDS HAVE BEEN EXPOSED TWO WEEKS IN A ROW!! FUCK THE STEELERS
YOU LOVE TO FUCKING SEE IT WOO HOOO
3 weeks in a row really.  Our practice squad almost beat them
"When the Ravens win I say “yes”

When the Steelers lose I say “yes”"
We win and if you guys win this week will be complete.
This is what happens when the refs make decent calls
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT!
""
"Also reminder that we need to fire Steve Saunders 

If it wasn’t for his bullshit we could’ve beaten the paper dragon"
"I remember when I said that the redskins and bills games were not gimmes for Pitt a month ago when this sub was losing their minds about the NE loss I think. 

Got lots of downvotes for that"
Yooo LMAO THIS IS ME BRO
"Let's relax on throwing too much shade, that becomes fuel. They are still a good team. Do I see them having a successful playoffs? No. But they are still capable of beating any team. As is our team."
LMFAO swept by the steelers btw
"All week, all the talking heads were saying Pittsburgh needed the loss against Washington to reset and that it would make them so much better. Worked out really well for them didn’t it!"
Most overrated previously undefeated team in quite some time.
FUCK THE STEELERS
Maybe they need 3 more losses just to make sure they're ready for the playoffs.
[removed]
Ben sucks
lmao 7-5 rat birds
""
u/VRedditDownloader
""
Yessir they got exposed
Can you guys still win the division if you win out and the Steelers lose out?
"Is now that the Browns are threatening the Steelers for the AFC North crown, forcing them to want the Ravens to win tomorrow. 

Rofl"
Who cares. Every single team’s knowledgeable fans will root for the outcome that is most likely to benefit their own team. Less of these posts in the sub would make it better.
Couldn’t this hurt us if Pittsburgh ends up with a wildcard spot they own the tiebreaker
They should start cheering for us in their stadium
""
IM STILL AWAKE FROM YESTERDAY AND ITS GAMEDAY
I gotta get to work tho
Yo this post weird lol
[deleted]
"under the assumptions that the Steelers would lose to CLV and win against CIN, they would still have the best divisional record and thus win the division.

Under a few assumptions:

BAL - 0-2 vs PIT, 2-0  vs CLV, 2-0 vs CIN, 4-2 divisional record

CLV - 1-1 vs PIT, 0-2 vs BAL, 2-0 vs CIN, 3-3 divisional record

PIT -  1-1 vs CLV, 2-0 vs BAL, 2-0 vs CIN, 5-1 divisional record

Just realized that the steelers going 11-5 would assume  they lose to the Bengals once. Which would make them 4-2 in the division. At that point I think conference record jumps in."
I wish but the bengals are simply not beating anyone
We can’t win the division
""
Is the tweet still up?
"This tweet imo is reeeeeaaaaallllly indicative of why the Steelers fucking suck against bad teams. Tuitt is one of their veteran leaders and if even *he* has the attitude of ""whatever this game will be easy"" you fucking KNOW that shit seeps into the rest of the roster. 

This is why you never see teams like the Patriots or Chiefs consistently getting shit on by awful teams, because they take every single opponent seriously, whether they're 12-0 or 1-14"
The only stat they padding is dropped passes lmao
Ben sucks
"The Steelers are a bunch of overrated blowhards.

""I say it because I believe it"" LOL"
"So, they beat us is what you’re saying?"
"Man, I haven’t been this stressed out about a game in a WHILE. I’m easily more stressed now than I was before the titans playoff game. Everything practically rides on what happens vs the browns tonight. I know we can still technically get in at 10-6, but I’d rather us smack down the browns while they’re hot."
Definitely will be harder if we don't win although we do hold a tiebreaker over Indy and the Dolphins have the 2nd hardest schedule remaining.
"Playoff excitement for sure, and i wasnt stressed about the Titans playoffs game beforehand cus i thought we had no chance losing 🤣🤣"
Having to beat the browns to make the playoffs is nothing new. Lamar did it his first season as a a starter and I’m confident he’ll do it again! 😈
I think it’s because we’re playing the browns. I’m nervous AF
"For some reason, the Browns are actually getting pretty lucky this year, given their negative point differential. That's the stat I've been looking at this year, and according to that, we're better than our record shows."
Gonna get banned for it but browns gonna clap the shit out of you
"Win: we go 8-5 with 3 very winnable games to plausibly win out and secure the #5 or #6 seed and enter the playoffs on a 5 game winning streak. We prove we can beat playoff calibre teams. 

Lose: we go 7-6, even finishing 10-6 may mean we very likely don’t even make the playoffs due to the dolphins, colts and browns being far ahead of us. Plus, we won’t go anywhere far if we can’t beat the browns - they’re not even up there with KC and the Bills at the top of the AFC.

We’re basically in OUR playoffs now because if we lose we’re basically out, we’ve got an 8 week playoff stretch if we want to make the Super Bowl."
Well I mean this just sounds like a usual ravens season now doesn’t it
AFC is tight this year
"Dolphins could lose 2 and we could sneak in at 10-6, but yeah this is major."
"Dolphins don't have an easy remaining 3 games. I think there's a slight chance we still make it to post if we lose tonight, but I really rather not take that chance and just stay comfortable with the W. Big one for sure!"
I guess we are back to the good old fashion Ravens season. Last year was nice while it lasted
"We could still lose tonight and get to the play offs.

But winning will essentially guarantee our spot

Whats interest about this game, whoever wins this game has many ramifications across the league. If we win tonight its really unlikely the Patriots make the play offs :)"
100%. There isn't another game with the same stakes on the line. We need this and to win out. But this comes first.
Lookin like we gettin some good draft picks🤷🏻‍♂️
""
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. Here are the past week's submissions.

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)

Week 3: [Over the Top](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j1a0yh/week_3_matchup_photoshop_this_year_harbaugh_takes/)

Week 4: [He Got Game](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j4y37u/week_4_matchup_photoshop_he_got_game/)

Week 5: [Gladiator](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/j92pjf/week_5_matchup_photoshop_markus_andrewicus_slayer/)

Week 6: [Eagle Eye](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jdeghk/week_6_matchup_photoshop_calais_campbell_will_be/)

Week 7: [Byecentennial Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jhs8gy/bye_week_photoshop_yannick_ngakoue_came_just_in/)

Week 8: [No Country For Old Ben](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jm1jad/week_8_match_up_photoshop_no_country_for_old_ben/)

Week 9: [A Rivers Runs Through It](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jqbi8n/week_9_match_up_photoshop_a_rivers_runs_through_it/)

Week 10: [Patriot Games](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jul54q/week_10_match_up_photoshop_patriot_games/)

Week 11: [Clash Of The Titans](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/jyw3ph/week_11_match_up_photoshop_clash_of_the_titans/)

Week 12: [The Replacements](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/k3908x/week_12_match_up_photoshop_the_replacements/)

Week 13: [Throw Up The (Malcolm) X](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/k93gfu/week_13_match_up_photoshop_throw_up_the_malcolm_x/)"
Nice
Hyyyyyyyyyyiiiiiii - am the fannnnn of constant sorroowwwwwww
"I haven’t been this excited for a game in a long time. We are healthy and playing on prime time, with playoffs implications. Who else is this excited?????????😈😈 #RavensFlock 🦾🦾🦾🦾"
"If we win the turnover battle, we win the game. I'm super confident that it's the recipe for success in any game that we're in."
How are we feeling about tonight?
"Young, Stanley and Boyle don't agree with the we are healthy claim."
"Browns defense is still very bad. Myles garret and their d line could be good stopping the run but their secondary and lbs are weak as hell, especially cuz Denzel ward is still out. I’m definitely concerned about stopping nick chubb/Kareem hunt, but if we don’t turn it over and play ball control and keep the ball away from them, we should definitely win."
Baker might wake up feeling dangerous tho🥶🥶😈😈😈 real talk seems like the perfect time for him to throw some picks it’s been over a month he’s due
Mannnn I’m hyped... I feel like it’s been forever since we had the whole squad together
"Eh. I was pretty excited for the chiefs game earlier in the season and that was such a let down it’s been hard to get too excited about the team ever since. 

We are a mediocre team so this one could go either way. Wouldn’t be shocked if we steam roll them but also wouldn’t be shocked if we get steam rolled."
"Ravens fans, I need your insight here. I've got the choice of Ravens defense and Browns defense tonight in fantasy. Ravens have held me down all season but I heard we had some injuries. Did we get people back (not from the offense) this week? Any help appreciated."
We have GOT to pressure Baker
"Man... I'm pumped and scared as hell. Tonight is basically a playoff game. The way some of the teams left are playing, I'm feeling like it's a must win."
"Every week we all say the same thing. No turnovers, run the ball. 

Every week we have flashes of running well and change to passing to then go 3 and out or turn the ball over. 

Tonight will be no different. It’s happened all season and it will continue."
"I think we'll win a close one, we're starting to get healthier at the right time"
"Excited and anxious. Hope the game plan is ""keep away"" possession football, because Chubb is a beast. Need some longer drives early to help the defense's conditioning come Q4."
"My favorite college team (Florida) went through quite possibly the worst Saturday ever, so it’d help greatly if the Ravens got it done tonight"
"Gonna be a fun game, Ravens by 10, Yannick Ngakoue has his coming out partyand destroys mayfield!"
"Im excited I hope we can win. I’ve been chatting with Bills fans and they all want us to lose. So between 4th and 12 and them sucking Dalton’s dick and them rooting for the Browns tonight, they beat the steelers but they can suck my dick. Fuck the Browns *and* fuck the Bills. -edit- seriously Im being downvoted for saying fuck a team that wants us to lose tonight? Ok."
Always been a Josh Allen Fan I wish the ravens made a move to jump up and grab him. But obviously I love our boy. First couple years he’s inconsistent makes poor choices holds into the ball. Now he’s a stud. He has a cannon for an arm and has a large durable frame for 10-15 yard rushes. We’re starting to see the Allen that the bills envisioned drafting. They’re gonna be tough for a while
Josh allen is great and has made tons of improvements but that started with the diggs trade. Idk why it’s so hard to understand for so many of us that literally every good qb in the league has an elite wr to go along with them that can bail them out in bad situations. Josh allen made a great jump but getting diggs made it so he didn’t have to be perfect every time. Plus the bills oc is probably gonna be getting hc offers soon with the way he’s transformed that offense. I wonder what we could do if we got Lamar a real wr 1 and fired romans uncreative ass
I really wanna beat the Bills again. Those clowns think Josh Allen is already on Mahomes Rodgers Wilson levels of play when he really isn’t. He’s good don’t get me wrong but for half the game dude looked pretty pedestrian. I just don’t like how so many bills fans are offended if someone compares Jackson and Allen. Jackson was the MVP last year and is having a down year but even in his “down” year Jackson is still dragging this team to be competitive
"ya Bills are nice, Josh Allen has improved so much still scared of the Chiefs the most"
Be careful judging a quarterback off of 1 year. He has a lot of good around him right now. That won't always be the case.
This is the Ravens sub
""
Love how r/nfl shit all over Harbaugh for being mad about it but now they’re currently praising the Bills players for saying it pissed them off and motivated them. Had an elite offence 1 time in our entire existence and it makes us public enemy #1 online for some reason lmao
[Like this](https://twitter.com/barstoolsports/status/1338344393267408896)
Ben sucks
Hahaha this is great.
"THE STEELERS ARE A HARD NOSED BLUE COLLAR TRADITIONAL ORGANIZATION. WE DON'T BRAG WE PUT ON OUR HARDHATS, PUNCH THE CLOCK, AND GO TO WORK.

Then this complete shithead runs out on the field and dances like an epileptic.

One day he's going to get completely leveled by some defensive back who is as sick of this shit as the rest of us."
"Because everyone should (if they want) be prepared to smile softly and say “yes” if the ravens (professional football team from Baltimore, MD) carry or catch the football over the line marked “end zone” as then they get 6 points. If they do this, or kick the football through the uprights more times than the opposing team, they shall win and I may even clap."
May your tea be warm and your claps be thunderous
Let’s get this bitch
drinking the milk from my cereal lol
I will say “woo.”
"Roused Gingerly by a daily convoy of 5,000 subarus (beginning at sunrise) in search of fresh pow, feinding for a frolic with their god, whom they refer to as *""The Gnar""*. The Coho salmon in my rear estuary, still solitary, mateless. As i sip my sludgy black drugwater, my loins sizzle in anticipation, many a boisterous guffaw shall be belted skyward apon acquisition of football points. All at the expense of *the team called poo*. Revelry & Huzzahs for all when the great Llama Strikes!"
i'm actually about to slink into bed after being up all night at work
"[If we win, I shall...] (https://media4.giphy.com/media/13GKP7xGjce5oI/giphy.gif)"
Clapping is a tad bit too indecent but I'll allow it
""
"No offense bro, but you are royally boned."
r/JAMESROBINSEASON
Lol I’m in the same boat without brown :(
What maybe 1.7 for brown tonight?
I love the primetime games but man now I know why I love Sunday football
Yeah my schedule has not appreciated all the changes. 3 weeks in a row we’ve had a game on a week day which means I’m just bored and anxious for the game all day
I’m supposed to be having a productive day but no way Jose am I getting shit done. It’s WIN OR GO HOME SZN BOYSSSSSS
I haven’t watched a game in a few weeks because of the schedule
"Yeah I've been so hyped for this game, I haven't done anything since around March!"
"I'm working a 12 hour day till 11p. 

Guess who isn't watching the game."
[removed]
[deleted]
If you bet on anything for a Ravens divisional game you are crazy.
""
You guys will get there. You’ll be fine.
"[Steelers win division by winning week 17, Steelers vs Ravens WC weekend](http://espn.go.com/nfl/playoffs/machine/_/results/401220162~2~401220213~2~401220228~1~401220123~1~401220149~1~401220186~1~401220208~1~401220156~2~401220255~2~401
)

Ravens have to win out though. Steelers need to lose to the Colts to set up Week 17 for the division. If the Browns beat the Steelers not only do they play each other again in the WC game but the Ravens go to Buffalo as the 6 seed.

I couldn't get the Ravens in at 10-6 because either the Raiders or Dolphins will likely finish 10-6 since they play week 16. At 7-6 Raiders have Chargers and Broncos left and the 8-5 Dolphins have Patriots and Bills. Ravens would need the Dolphins to lose to NE.

Another Scenario where the Steelers beat the Colts gets the Ravens vs Titans WC if the Ravens Browns and Colts all finish 11-5"
"Is it possible to still get in if we happen to lose tonight? I don’t think we will, just curious."
Is there a scenario where browns and ravens both make it and fuck the Steelers out of playoffs?
I mean it’s possible even if we lose tonight be let’s be safe and crush the browns
"And then hope the browns, dolphins, and colts collectively lose at least one more."
EXACTLY! LET'S GO!
"Obviously the easy answer is that we win out. I think that technically we would be guaranteed a spot no matter what if we go 11-5. But that's the obvious way and let's face it, running the table at 4-0 is not a realistic thing to pin your hopes on.  I think that 3-1 gives us some scenarios to get in still, and the most important game strategically is the Browns tonight (to vault us into the #2 spot in the AFC North if it came to it, we lose to them and it would be almost guaranteed that one of our WC spots is already accounted for). With a loss tonight our play-off path gets murkier.  We could possibly survive a loss to the Giants since they wouldn't hurt our conference record, but if we're losing to them, that might not bode well for the play-offs."
Will Campbell play?
lol then 4 more games and then BOOM world champs
not enough unfortunately
Unfortunately nah man. We haven’t got much help over the past 2 weeks. Chiefs won no surprise. Colts needed to lose but they blew the fraudulent raiders out. Steelers loss had no impact on us whatsoever. It would have been great if the titans took care of business last week but nope. Only way I see us making the playoffs if we lose tonight is if MI IND and CLE completely collapse and lose 3 straight which I doubt any of them are. At the end of the day we got no one else to blame except ourselves to be in this position. There’s absolutely no excuses to lose to a Tom Brady-less Patriots team and a titans team we were up by 10 at half time. You gotta ask yourself at the end of the day do we really wanna go 1 and done for 3 straight years?
""
Coronavirus
Browns & Steelers
M ALL
r/nfl
HOES THAT SHALL BE STUNTED ON
"Browns, steelers, titans and patriots"
Any team who gets in our way
Me
""
""
😂😂😂 Same
You let us win we take out titans/colts as seed 5. You guys get 7th seed and remove the over confident dumb Steelers
"Another Browns fan here with a different comprise. You bring your best 46 players and we'll bring our best 46 players, and we will see who has the better team tonight at 8:15."
"Let's compromise: you get the fuck out of our sub, and we don't make as much fun of Cleveland as we normally do."
I’m confused. None of us play the titans or colts moving forward
[deleted]
""
Who’s going to clean up all this peaking?
"I really hope the offense gets it’s shit together tonight, fuck the Browns."
OBJ is gonna peak after the ravens shit on the browns
This will be some peak peaking.  **PEAK**
"All we gotta do is turn on our winning charm, and Cleveland will be putty in our hands."
we gotta shut the browns down tonight
THE GOLDEN GOD HAS SPOKEN!
Go mark andrews
WOW crazy game. Doesn’t get any nuttier than that. Our defense really needs some help. Thank god for Justin tucker
Will Campbell play?
Not the same Browns shit birds
Da browns are gonna frig those ratbirds so hard.
We lost Ronnie Stanely. This is the biggest difference from week 1. Their dline isn't full of scrubs but can Lamar get the ball out quick?
Boyle too. He has been a critical piece when trying to slow down Myles.
Will Roman allow jk and Gus to cook? Ball control is how you beat a team like the browns. Grind the clock so that they can’t use their run game. Make them have to throw with baker and punish them
How are the browns gonna cover Andrews?
They only have one starter and it’s fucking Sendejo who they want fired out of a cannon.  If our WRs can open in under 2 seconds then we will be fine if they can’t Garrett will have beaten Fluker/Philipps (typically) and we will have to hope Lamar can make a play on the ground.
"Can we please just run Gus and Dobbins for 60 minutes

It's cold, guys don't like tackling when it's cold, it's harder to catch.. just fucking run the ball nobody can stop us"
Fluker having to block Garrett worries me. Thank god the refs never call any holding against him.
"I can almost guarantee that Garrett is moved all over that line to attack the weak points be it Fluker, Philips, or OBJ"
"Ronnie is goated but tbh I think the Oline is doing a solid job in his absence. Zeus is honestly an even better left tackle than he is a right tackle, and I thought Tyre had a solid game at RT last week."
[deleted]
""
The worst part about being a European browns fan is that you’re a browns fan.
Kickoff at 12:20pm here in Australia. Very little work will be done this afternoon
My thinking is that being a Browns fan in Europe would be not being able to watch them play.
[deleted]
"This season was such a pleasant surprise coming off that terrible '07 letdown.  We finally found a long term solution at QB-remember when Joe was actually pretty athletic?  The defense came back to form.  We answered a losing season by going to the AFC Championship game.  Good times, man."
that was a really fun year
[deleted]
Wrong receiver. Diontae Johnson is the one that can't catch lately. Washington is the one that made a nice contested catch to effectively seal the game against us the other week
Washington is probably there best hands guy.  Ebron or Johnson is there worst.
""
we need 2012 harbs and 2000 billick to get these dudes fired up
I WANT A FUCKING MEASUREMENT
Ain't no Lions den.  Just as bunch of upstart lil cubs.
"No lie, I wouldn't mind a return of Bilick to our coaching staff. Bilick, imo, was a great coach, and would have been around a lot longer if not for Kyle Boller. Look at how we did when we finally got a semi-competent QB in McNair?"
"Isnt the Mantra this season "" Chase the Lion "" I know last year was Iron Sharpens Iron"
God bless Art Modell
Hope he rightfully gets into the hall of fame some day 🙏
"Why? Because, fuck 'em, that's why."
Art Modell belongs in the Hall of Fame and it is illegitimate until he is inducted
Totally...Where was the national outrage when the Colts left town? Makes me sick.
"The Browns stayed in Cleveland, unlike the Indy situation. And the NFL got them an expansion team almost immediately, while Baltimore was passed over for years including the Carolina and Jacksonville expansion."
Good stuff.
""
"Funny how so much seems to shoulder on Lamar. A lot of our issues aren’t on him. Tough to be the star he is when a lot is going wrong around him. 

If we didn’t have Lamar, we would have been eliminated from the playoffs a few weeks ago."
lol you can post this article every time Lamar plays a football game and it will be true
"If a unanimous MVP doesn't silence critics... well... then... I am not sure anything else will either. Most of his critics have already made up their minds, and a win over the Browns isn't going to change anything."
"They won’t shut up even if he throws for 600, rushes for 300 with 8 total tds."
"Lamar silenced the critics last year too but they just pretend like it didn't happen.

In short, fuck the critics."
He'll never silence the critics. He could win 3 SBs in a row and as soon as he has a bad game they'll trash him again. It happens to a ton of elite athletes.
This is dumb. He’ll only silence critics when he wins playoff games and gets us a ring.
Deadspin should be banned from r/ravens they’re actually the WOAT
"Yea right, if he plays well it’s just the Browns"
"And when he does literally all he can do, and the rest of the team plays like dog shit he is blamed and labeled a choker or a RB."
"This article really makes me miss the old Deadspin, before it sucked and only said obvious things in a boring way."
"Lol no way, Lamar could have a 4000 30/10 season two years in a row and his ""critics"" would still be talking about how easily he will be ""figured out"" or how his throwing isn't actually good and it's just his legs scaring defenses.

Fuck em, just keep stacking the Ws baby"
But he won't.....
""
"Pad the stats, should be an easy one."
"This reminds me of the time I watched my homeboy drop 108 points with D Rose on 2k, that’s right not 108 with the bulls but D Rose by himself lol"
How the heck does that happen even in a video game?
Are ya winning son?
"Okay so after our practice squad game I played madden and the game was so broken that every time I would tackle the Steelers they would fumble. 

It would be like this, sack worthlessberger and pick up the fumble for a touch down. Kick off, tackle their returner who would fumble it, lick it up, td. 

It was like 170 something to 0 😂"
Well done
"Madden, NFL, Pee We, doesn’t matter. Fuck the Steelers!"
madden steelers fans: 3 games in twelve days!
How does that even happen? Has to be offline playing a computer. I can’t go up more then 14pts on a guy online without them rage quitting.
😭
its beautiful
"Man, in my franchise as Raiders-turned-Black Knights, the CPU always manages to score. I held Chargers in 2033 to 47 yards in the first half. Third quarter game decides that my defense now sucks."
This has to be a solo.
Rent free
Whenever the Ravens lose I play the team we lost to on Rookie mode as well...This is usually the result . It is a brilliant stress reliever
This is the kind of dedication to the rivalry I like to see
Rent free
""
"I feel like an idiot because it took me way too long trying to figure out what ""Credib"" was supposed to be... only to finally catch on to ""Justin"" and ""Ale""

Looks amazing!"
"Hey Ravens reddit, just wanted to share some new artwork with you that I finished up and am pretty excited for. I’m a graphic designer and Ravens fan that has been spending a lot of time of late making fake craft beer label designs for great NFL players. It’s possible that you remember the Lamar one I did a while back, and now I’ve done Justin Tucker, AKA the GOAT of his position. Let me know what you think."
""
Getting COVID in April had me feeling chest pains for months. Not to mention the cases of new autoimmune diseases after exposure. Not a virus to fuck about with as we don't know what it'll do long term.
"My wife had it at the start of the pandemic. She basically spent 3 weeks in bed, completely knocked out. I had to check on her regularly a d was afraid she was going to stop breathing. Scariest 3 weeks of my life."
I'm still losing sleep to covid because I can hardly breathe without coughing when I'm laying down. That shit hurts like a mfer too.
I just got diagnosed on Saturday and it is no fun at all. I’m most concerned about my taste being gone. Still researching other potential long term affects
"Everyone take care.  While it's true that many people who have CoviD have symptoms that are mild enough that they just need rest for several days and then feel better; it's also true that many people who are only mildly sick like that in the acute phase have long-lingering debilitation of their health, and many who are only mildly sick at first have been found to have actual damage to their lungs, hearts, livers, kidneys, and/or brains.  Even if this virus doesn't kill you, or doesn't make you sick enough to need hospital care, or doesn't make you sick enough at first to feel like you even need to see your doctor, it can still very, very badly fuck you up; and we don't know for how long the damage lasts, or if it is of a nature that we ever fully recover from.  Best bet is to just not risk catching the damn virus in the first place.

My family just met on Zoom last Saturday to ""attend"" the funeral service of a cousin who died from this thing, after having a drive-past memorial service the week prior.  His wife is still recovering.  People in his office are sick.  Some of their families are sick.

But it's not just about whether you have it badly or mildly.  It's about *not spreading it to other people who may have it worse than you*.  
The second aspect of it that's so bad is a combination of things we now know to be facts about it:  
a) you can have the virus and have zero symptoms for as long as 5 days, and  
b) you are *most* contagious in the days before symptoms appear, and  
c) in that asymptomatic or pre-symptomatic period, *you can test negative*, thus  
d) you can be spreading the virus to other people who you may end up killing, or disabling long term.  And who may pass it on to others in the same period before they know they're sick, thus killing or disabling many others.  
  
This virus is far more contagious and spreads far more easily than even influenza.  
It spreads exponentially, like that old 1980's commercial for shampoo:  I told two friends (3 total), and they told two friends (7 total), and they told two friends (15 total), and they told two friends (31 total), and they told two friends (63 total)... [the commercial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IrNI1coLYJA) ... and that's if exposure is only at the rate of two additional people for each single new victim.  
[Santa took photos with about 50 kids before positive COVID test, Georgia officials say](https://www.miamiherald.com/news/coronavirus/article247837595.html)  
The potential spread for that is 50 -> 100 -> 200 -> 400 -> 800 -> 1600 -> 3200 etc. etc. etc.  
You could be part of that, or the next initiator of that, at any group gathering you attend.  Wedding.  Funeral.   Dinner out at a restaurant.  Football game. (Why the fuck were there 12,000 people allowed at the game last night?!?!)

Stay home, folks.  Use Zoom or Discord or Google Meet or WebEx or Skype or FaceTime or *any other resource* to video-conference ""get together"" with family and friends, and to work whenever and however you can.  Watch TV.  Watch movies.   Workout in you living room.   I just saw a video about a guy who ran a marathon by running 3,600 laps in his back yard.

Don't catch this and be sick, but moreso, *don't catch it and spread it to others who you might kill or badly, badly make ill for a long time*.  We have over 300,000 U.S. deaths from this thing already.  We're adding nearly 200,000 new cases daily.  We have had single days in which deaths are as high as the death total from the terrorist attacks of 9/11/2001, *but we're doing this to ourselves*.  

*There is nothing political about this.  We should all want to* **not kill or hurt other people.**

I hope you all stay safe and have a great holiday season and happy and healthy new year."
Anyone except Ben Roethlisberger
"It's not that bad, for me at least but I understand  that isn't the case for some people"
[removed]
Have some truzz bro seriously
I think we have other issues we need to focus on right now. Simple things like cleaning up penalties. Sick to death of illegal shifts etc.
34-24 Ravens
Have the mods simply ceased to exist?
"delete this, young nephew

It's obviously gonna be a tough game. Just sit back and crack a beer (or an apple juice) and hope for the best. 

enjoy it. have faith. big truzz"
I think we'll be okay.  It would concern me more if they were playing in Baltimore with the weather we're having.  The Ravens don't do well in rain and mud.  I think this is a big prove it game for both teams but I think the Ravens will smack them in the mouth.
Get your Truzz levels up were winning
"Ah, c’mon, we go up by 40 into the late third we’re golden."
"It'll be a tough out but the Browns haven't been amazing despite their record. Big loss to the Steelers, 10 point loss to the Raiders and then 3, 3, 5 and 2 point wins over the Bengals, Texans, Eagles and Jags.

The Titans game was impressive but they're very beatable."
"I think you mean, if Lamar can carry this dumpster of an offense. 

Lamar had 70% completion last week and still people were complaining about his passing. Every QB misses throws. He shouldn't have to be perfect to win a game."
[deleted]
Is he out? Playing? Still on the covid list? I haven’t heard a peep about him recently.
Still on Covid. Hasn't been 10 days yet
Not playing but I dont get how he has all these negative tests and still cant play.
""
"Cool man, keep at it!"
""
They got lucky against us both times
I knew they wasn't good at running the ball. But I didn't know they was GOD AWFUL at running the ball
""
"""Nah""  - Greg Roman"
Harbaugh still has me on hold but I’ll ask when he answers
"Question is, how often are the ravens running out of sets like that. How often are they running 4 WR sets? Ravens might not have the personnel to run it or run the scheme enough to make it a tendency breaker"
Because Greg Roman
""
Jealous
DECEASED
""
"PLEASE LLAMA I NEED YOU, WE NEED YOU!

EDIT - AND HE FUCKING DELIVERS"
"whoever drew this, you’re amazing"
Yo the browns sub stole our idea go check it they have one with Baker fucking Lames
"**EVERY, FUCKING WEEK FROM NOW ON PLZ!**"
"It’s working!

Edit: I may have spoken too soon"
Hoes====stunted!!!!
KEEP RUNNING IT
"It worked! You sun uv a bitch , you did it!"
Best Monday Night game ever!
My new fucking wallpaper!
Run it back
Let's gooooo!
Please !
defeat the cleveland clowns 🙌🏽
Stealing this amazing piece of art
I miss Lamar having big hair
This. Every game. From now on.
Why is this back
""
NorCal Ravens fan represent!
Inland empire Ravens fan
holding it down in SAC?? I like it!
Ayyy Sacramento flock represent!
I love the representation of lifelong ravens fans in all states. I also live and California and have hated being called a bandwagoner for the past 2 years. Ravens Flock!
Wuddup Sac! Wuddup Marysville!!! I know it's Ravens flocking there too!!
Hell yeah Cali Brother! Let’s get a win!
OG Flacco jersey.  Niccccccceeeee.
Cringe
"Jesus, this is exactly what I imagine Ravens fans look like.  😬"
"How do you end up with a fat asian?  Like the entire DNA of asians is small, petite.  You landed the Arkansas version of Asian.  Sorry bro"
"Thought I’d make one of these for MNF - feel free to add more in the comments

Take a drink when:

-	DJ Fluker called for holding
-	Mark Ingram runs for 2 yards on first down
-	Defense gives up a first down trying to strip the ball instead of making a tackle
-	Announcers try to jinx Tucker
-	Calais Campbell bats a pass down
-	Deep shot to a completely covered Marqiuse Brown
-	Lamar breaks ankles and runs for a first

Take a shot for:

-	Illegal formation
-	Judon personal foul
-	50+ yard completion
-	Long run by Dobbins who is then promptly taken off the field for Ingram
-	We pass three times in the redzone and are forced to kick a FG

Finish your drink:

-	Ravens win
-	Ravens lose
-	Ravens tie"
">take a shot for illegal formation

I'd rather not get alcohol poisonning, thanks."
Are you trying to kill us with these?! Lol
"Take a drink when:

The cameras show Harbaugh yelling at a referee."
Do you want us to die? I'm in
"Forget everything else. All you need is ""illegal formation"". That should be more than enough to get you drunk tonight"
Taking a shot to Judon!
I can't sit idly by and work (west coast) when there are hoes to be stunted upon.
Idk how to feel about this game honestly I just hope we don’t act all entitled because we beat the soft ass cowboys
[deleted]
"Thank God this is the last non Sunday game, I just can't focus on work on these days. And there was no pregame thread, so here we go."
"Ravens 24-13. Browns lead 13-10 at half but get shut out in the second. Ravens convert either a flea flicker, HB pass, or fake punt. Ravens get a pick six. Baker Mayfield gets strip sacked"
Time to remind em why Art left that turd place
"2 fumbles and no recoveries, classic"
"I think this is going to be a slugfest of a game, I think the matchup that could be the most critical is going to be Fluker vs Garret."
"A MNF win and a foot of snow, dear Santa make is happen!"
Everyone wants us to lose this week. I really hope we disappoint them.
God damn it feels good to be a gangster
Let’s Go!
Does anybody know why Luke Wilson is inactive?  Is it just because Mandrews is back?
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck the browns
LET LAMAR JK AND GUS COOK
Lamar walking in with thug necklace deserves to lose.
"Yes, I am joking.  Although sometimes I feel like some Ravens fans hate the Steelers more then they like the Ravens and would actually go along with this."
I hate losing more than I like winning.
"I'd rather ""fts"" in the playoffs."
"Gus better get 15 carries. Same for JK, let’s get ahead early and run it down these turds throats!"
"Their pass defense is much worse than their rush defense, and Denzel Ward is out

Obviously we gotta always rock with the run to a degree, but if there were ever a time for Lamar to put the team on his back and shred a defense through the air, this would be it"
Lamar has a huge day through the air 280+ 3TDs
Please let this be the game we get a Jackson 5 but i’ll take a Win with whatever
and that'll be a yard maybe two for Ingram
I feel like Snead is going to get the bulk of the work today
""
I read the first 3 words and started to panic.
"That's my QB! No matter what, all this dude thinks about is winning"
[deleted]
""
"Basically stop or at least slow down their two headed rushing attack and stop making those costly mental mistakes, I.e penalties, turnover."
"Chubb-a-Chubb-a, CHOO CHOO!! Y’all are about to get run OVER."
""
Not ideal for stopping Chubb. Gonna need BWill and Derek Wolfe to step up
Madubuike PLS man PLS go hard
Shoot just have him at the line batting balls down
Anyone have inactives yet?
"I remember saying that Calais might have the hardest time coming back from COVID and I was downvoted to oblivion here but it’s clear Calais’ lungs, already affected by asthma, didn’t heal properly

Edit: it was his leg but he said his lung capacity is still severely diminished which doesn’t help in rehab"
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
Goran Burner has such a way with words 🥲
"(the steelers beat the ravens twice, he forgot to mention that)"
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
This drive is 100% Lamar. Don't ever talk about my boy again
Is every browns fan morbidly obese?
Baker Mayfield has “my dad is a lawyer” energy
"""Lamar cant throw outside in clutch situations."" -Louis Riddick

*Lamar makes a fucking sensational clutch outside throw with 30 seconds left in the half.*

""...fuck lmao"" - Louis Riddick"
Without Lamar this offense is historically bad. We really were blessed with him
Lamar came back in the game like Goku on planet Namek 😭
their team name is literally the color of poop
"Refs just make football such shitty these days, did the browns complete any first downs themselves that entire drive?"
My favorite part of that half was the broadcasters straight up calling out marquise and EDC about getting this team a receiver
Did Lamar just run back to back 2 minute drills perfectly? I’m amped
Friendly reminder JK Dobbins smashed my girlfriends cousin at OSU
Can’t throw interception if you don’t throw 😈😈😈 checkmate jinxing announcers!
"Shocked there was no flag there. Not that it warranted it, but I’m shocked they didn’t make up something"
"broadcasters: ""are you sure there isn't even a slight chance we could make this NOT a TD? Can we ask our rules expert?""

Rules Expert: ""You are both cocks."""
"Went into the Clowns subreddit and my IQ went down 20 points reading that cesspool of hot takes. Lmao.

“The ravens have done absolutely nothing and have 21 points” 

Yeah besides rushing for 134 yards in the first half and capitalizing on the good field position your shitty ass offense gave us, I guess we did do nothing."
"When I look at what Allen has with diggs, what Kyler has with Dhop... I feel so jealous... Ravens certainly haven’t made passing an easy situation for a young QB"
you're getting downvoted if you call that man Hollywood. we use his government name until he proves himself cool enough to have a nickname
"If you take away the added hype and drama around postseason games, I actually think we might have just watched the best football game ever"
"""Baltimore shot themselves in the foot"" is a funny way to say that we are getting fucked by bullshit calls"
"If we win, then I knew we'd pull through all along. If we lose then I had no expectations for the rest of this season. The lies we tell ourselves."
all of r/nfl is in agreement that this is some crazy ref ball going on tonight
"Defense had a great series there.

Refs handed Cleveland 25 yards and a new set of downs"
"Since we give Roman shit when he sucks, we should give him his due when he's good. That was a nice drive"
IMAGINE THIS GUY WITH A TRUE WR1.  IMAGINE.
"Riddick is a great color commentator, HES saying everything I’ve thought all season.

“They need a receiver” “why are they playing zone” “Lamar needs to be Lamar running is okay sometimes it’s what makes you special”

Legit all of that"
"""Brandon Williams, the man they call Big Baby""

Yeah they call Baker the same thing."
Let Lamar poop in peace jfc
Worst defensive series in ravens history
This would the perfect game for Yannick to show the fuck up.
This was some bullshit 3 unlucky fumbles bs flags
Refs saved the browns drive.
"Sideline reporter: I just spoke with this man's grandson. He told me how he encountered a ton of racism from shitty people.

Announcer: So cool to hear these backstories!!!1!

bro what"
#WHY THROW THE BALL WHEN RUNNING WILL DO AND DESTROY THEIR MORALE AT THE SAME TIME?!
"Ya'll, I'd never let Chuck Clark live that down as a teammate."
Riddick going “Mark Andrews says here Marquise this is how you catch” is all of us in this sub rn
Andrews is legitimately the only starting caliber pass catcher on this team.
Anyone else see the Ravens fan and Browns fan barking in each other’s face earlier? They were basically kissing
Give Soulja’s targets to duvernay
Lamar is 3/6 all 3 incompletions r drops
Cut Hollywood I swear to fucking God. The audacity to open his mouth and complain and then play like this since
I had a bet for Cleveland to lose by less than 4 are you fucking kidding me
A play that might get missed- Dobbins taking the hit and bowling through it to pick up the 2-pt conversion. Huge.
This was some fucking WWE shit tonight. The match is about to be lost. The heels are stomping the baby faces and then the baby face World Champ shows up and Good Ol’ JR screams LAMAR COLD LAMAR COLD LAMAR COLD. He beats down the heels and brings us to victory
>That was Justin Tucker's 16th game-winning field goal of his career. Ice in his veins. - @sgellison
prayers up for mcsorley
"Hey, look, I don’t wanna start shit, but this game was reminiscent of the 2012 team that looked bad around this time, but pulled out a miracle win or two and got rolling."
"Stefanski: throw a Hail Mary, but don’t score. We can knock one of them unconscious if they hit the goalpost.

Baker: Fuck it"
This halftime is really fucking long
"WHATS THE POINT OF HAVING SOULJAS IF YOU NEVER USE THEM? 

Welllllll Hollywood maybe if souljas would HOLD ONTO THE FUCKING BALL they'd be used you fucking ass"
This is perhaps the best 60 minutes of Ravens regular season football I have ever seen. What a game. This was MVP Lamar and GOAT Tucker
that was. the wildest game i’ve ever seen
The Ravens always start off like ass every single big game Harbaugh needs to get his shit together
"So tired of seeing sustained drives from absolute bullshit calls. That RTP was a textbook tackle.

This issue will continue to go on till football is hurting from it, just a damn shame.

Browns are loved for being sacks of shit losers"
Harris has played great for a replacement off the street. Been very impressed with him.
"Lamar is this offence. Bailing out shit receivers, shit OC and a kinda shit line."
Ima need Lamar to change his cleats or something
Judon is just praying to the ref every time he touches Baker.
Shout out to Dez he goin crazy on twitter rooting for us. Wish you were here 88
Remember that video of Baker crying like a little bitch while resisting arrest? Didn't realize he played football with that exact same energy.
Guess what browns fans trolling. You guys never won a superbowl. So kindly fuck yourselves
"Guys, I might be homeless and voiceless tomorrow, but it was worth it."
the last minutes of that game. that's the kind of passing offense i wanna see consistently
"Since when is 15 men on the field against the rules?

Soft ass new age football"
That RTP was horrible and the PI was really iffy
Fuck these refs lol
These announcers just sound disappointed when the Ravens do anything nice.
"Honestly the passing game is a fad, Let's draft 8 fullbacks this year"
“See marqueese this is how you catch it.”
"To the guy earlier I said Hollywood didn’t have enough targets to consider him a constant dropper, I take it back.."
These guys are talking about Hunt being an inspiration for kicking a chick Rice gets blackballed from the league lmfao
Defense folds every big game start paying for weapons for Lamar
How the fuck am I supposed to sleep after what I just watched?
I actually feel bad for that dude crying right now. I started laughing my ass off when I saw him and then I started thinking that he's just the same dude as me he just happens to route for a team that I like less. That being said Baker Mayfield could eat a dick
S C O R A G A M I
"Y’all. The theatrical nature of this game. Can we talk about it? A constant back and forth for the first half. Lamar goes off for not one but two rushing TDs. His constant slipping. Change the shoes. But We have the momentum. Second half the D makes a much needed big play INT. Lamar has to go into the locker room for cramps?? Browns come back. Things looks bad. Our 3rd string QB goes out. Lamar limps out of the locker room for a 4th and 5 with the season literally on the line. Throws a 60 yard TD to Hollywood who has had several crucial drops throughout the game. It’s a literal miracle. BUT the defense can’t stop Baker, they score again to tie it up with 61 seconds left. The offense gets in field goal range, and our kicker, the most reliable in NFL history wins it with 2 seconds left. THEN! A safety to end it. 89 totally points. You can’t make this shit up.

Edit: didn’t mention two missed extra points, two 2 PT conversions, Hollywood’s previous drops, Lamars throwing to himself on a TD celebration and chuck Clark bonking off the field foal"
Jimmy* is an absolute G for blowing that lead block up
Not a single fucking run you dumb fucking OC
"Any non-Browns fans who like Baker must have never watched him play. He is the whiniest, whimpiest QB in the league."
If we lose this game its 100% on defense
So Lamar was pooping right?
I don’t wanna know how hopeless it must feel to be an opposing team when they need Tucker to miss a kick
"Every time the Ravens sweep the Browns, an angel gets its wings"
Jimmy smith is in
#SHUT UP ABOUT THE BROWNS SHIT UP ABOUT THE BROWNS
You want to call offensive face mask there refs??
"OK, this isn't funny anymore. Roman needs to be fired for the illegal motions at this point. This is unacceptable."
"Greg Roman simply has to be fucking fired. And Lamar needs to be coached up.

There was a shallow crosser open. It wasn't a first, but it was probably 8 yards and not a sack for field position.

And another procedure flag.

This team isn't going ANYWHERE if it can't even do basic things correctly."
Got a Lamar jersey sitting under the tree. Should I tear it open and put it on?
"We run when passing is necessary and pass when running is necessary, I’ve never seen play calling like this, I’m speechless"
We need to get Lamar a pair of [these](https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/spongebob/images/f/fa/SpongeBob_Meets_the_Strangler_120.png/revision/latest/top-crop/width/360/height/450?cb=20200926180217)
"Dear Mark, I feel like I can call you Mark because you and me are so alike. I'd like to meet you one day, it would be great to have a catch. I know I can't catch on 3rd down as well as you but I think you'd be impressed with my speed. I love your hair, you run fast. Did you have a good relationship with your father? Me neither. These are all things we can talk about and more. I know you have no been getting my letters because I know you would write back if you did. I hope you write back this time, and we can become good friends. I am sure our relationship would be a real touchdown!"
"Top FA receivers. 

1) Allen Robinson, Chicago Bears
2) Chris Godwin, New York Giants
3) Juju Smith-Schuster, Pittsburgh Steelers
4) Kenny Golladay, Detroit Lions
5) AJ Green, Cincinnati Bengals
6) TY Hilton, Indianapolis Colts
7) Sammy Watkins, Kansas City Chiefs
8) Larry Fitzgerald, Arizona Cardinals
9) Allen Lazard, Green Bay Packers
10) Will Fuller, Houston Texans
11) Marvin Jones Jr., Detroit Lions"
#R/NFL is in shambles
"It’s always bothered me Hunt is allowed to play, should of got the same treatment as Rice"
Lamar has to make those passes. He’s been overthrowing guys a LOT this season. Snead was open and so was the last pass. He has to make those passes
You guys are not gonna fuckin believe this but John Harbaugh used to be a special teams coach
Browns legit try to get a penalty on every play. About as bad as Philip Rivers
"all I hear is gargle, gargle, gargle, I love Cleveland cock from the announcers."
Fuck Baker. Trash QB I bet he doesn’t even poop
Imagine having a WR1 that catches simple 5 yd passes..
"Ya know, I’ve wanted to give Marquise a break but fuck that guy. You talk shit in public and this is how you play. What a fucking nerd."
70 yard fg attempt pls
"HOLY FUCK WE WON THAT GAME.

LAMAR COMING OUT OF THE LOCKER ROOM ON 4TH AND 5 WAS LEGENDARY"
"Justin tucker is a fucking legend. I could have been born at any time throughout human history, and here I am watching the goat split the uprights time and time again in the clutch. 
🐐"
Lamar stunted so hard today
"Ingram didn't get a single carry.

I think Roman got the hint lol."
I like watching Lamar Jackson put the team on his back but I also hate that he literally has to do that to in order for us to win games.
these mf refs...
Refs smoking that LOUD pack
Jimmy Smith giving his body to blow up the lead block saves a 1st down there. Dude just got screwed by some bs call too. That’s playing like a Raven
"2 guys in masks yelling at each other face to face

2020 everyone"
"Guys I put on my Lamar Jackson jersey at the beginning of this drive, you’re welcome."
The real test is not abandoning the run after halftime 😂Dobby and the Bus are the better duo
Didn't Snead have a reception on that drive? Announcer just said he hasn't had a catch.
#FUCK THE STEELERS
"Offense is getting it going, so naturally it’s time for the defense to stop trying"
"Dude how has he not changed his shoes yet, wtf"
"If it is a cleats issue, HOW HAVE THEY NOT FIXED IT YET!?  Also, why is it always so frustrating watching the Ravens this year?  Every game something just seems to be going outlandishly wrong."
Chuck Clark: “You think I don’t have football instincts? Watch me try to catch this ball out of bounds on the final play of the half and run into the goalpost.”
I am once again asking for a wide receiver that can catch the ball
lmao at dalton blowing out the Bengals
New Ravens fan checking in
Boomer legit just said “the Bears shat on the Texans” on live television what is happening tonight
"Live image of Lamar after half time:

https://imgur.com/0B1ihGF"
And there's the cookie cutter Harbaugh-ST comment
Since when can you fucking challenge that?
Not tryna be that guy but Harbaugh has been out coached in multiple games this season
Offense has scored 34 and doesn't feel like enough. Defense bby. What is u doin. Hope Marcus is okay
Why are we blaming the play calling when we should've gotten the first on a wide open pass and our supposed number 1 receiver dropped it
I'm in agreement with the posts that he is now Marquise. Someone called Hollywood shouldn't have hands of lead and the heart of a mouse.
Entire defense got cramps
"""LaMAr Can'T cOme FRom BeHinD"""
"Few positive points:

1. Dobbins will be a really good RB
2. Bowser is ballin, even if the def sucks rn
3. Tucker is still Tucker!!!!!"
"Let’s see some of that Mark Andrews and Snead action tonight. Especially with how atrocious the Browns secondary has been and with no Denzel award tonight. Exploit the fuck out of that loss.

And, as much as I love seeing Tucker out there, I want to see him only on the field for extra points and kickoffs tonight."
r/nfl is gonna get reeeeeal messy today no matter how this game goes
Lamar: Ill do it my damn self
"Lamar: ""Fuck it, we'll do it live."""
Please go for it on 4th and 8.
That's definitely the most unfortunate thing to happen to the Browns on a field goal against the Ravens on MNF
That drive is why Roman needs to go. Sorry. I'm done with it. I call better games in Madden.
Why hasn't Jackson changed to longer cleats? He's slipping almost every play.
Idc Lisa... show us the supposed penalty
They didn’t even show the illegal use of hands call on the broadcast replay.
Did John timeout for a hug??😂 I love that guy
READ THE FUCKING FLAIR
[Wholesome](https://imgur.com/gC1V15T)
[I feel we will be seeing this gif for years to come ](https://twitter.com/barstoolbigcat/status/1338664844514504706?s=21)
Wink has to have a sitdown with Peters and figure out more creative ways to put him in coverage. This one on one soft zone hybrid ain't it cuz KC exposed it
Offence starts heating up and our defence starts getting soft as per usual this season
"Thats okay... they're a good team, they're gonna score. Turnovers are going to be the difference."
Cleveland is a shit stain on the U.S. and I say that as a Canadian
"Lol “Marquise, this is how you catch it...”"
"""marquise this is how you catch it"" oh my i felt that"
He said “marquise this is how you catch it” lmaoooo
"the ravens need to go all out for an elite reciever this offseason, whether its trading up in the draft to make sure you get one of devonta smith/jaylen waddle, or you trade for a star veteran like julio jones"
Hollywood brown has struggled since he opened his mouth at wanting the ball more
"Lamar has 8.8 Y/A better than Baker, we just haven’t passed the ball much"
I am once again asking for a sack
Fuck Stefanski for challenging with 6 seconds in the quarter left making us sit through an extra commercial break.
"If the defense is never gonna get a stop when it matters, why invest in it? Might as well get Lamar weapons and an O-line"
This is the steelers on christmas day. This is the bengals 4th and 12
Lamar is carrying rn and the media will blame him tm watch. The ravens need to give him some help
I take back everything I said when I was emotional during the game
That was one of the best games I've seen all season. Fucking awesome game of football.
Did anyone hear the commentators say how ironic it would be if the Ravens won because of Lamar's arm?
[deleted]
baker regression game please
Just blatant facemask right there
Now let me see mcsorely do that
Lol the fat browns fan and ravens fan fighting lol
JUST RUN THE FUCKING BALL GREG GODAMMIT
LMAAOOO PROCHE A TROLL FOR THAT ONE
THATS NO BUS THATS A FUCKING TRAIN. ENGINE ENGINE 35 ON BALTIMORE TRANSIT LINE IF MY TRAIN FALL OF THE TRACK PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP PICK IT UP
I'm from Montgomery County and I've always wished the people here were more like the guys in Baltimore. Bmore is always such a wholesome and positive place compared to the DC area
Made a routine on my Alexa where it flashes my light purple and plays a bus horn at the command Gus Bus.
Imagine Lamar with a stud number 1 wideout
ESPN bringing the Bollywood Brown heat LMAO
"Man, we need some receivers or we’re gonna get figured out real quick. This sweet run game is only going to take us so far. Need to become more well-rounded with more weapons on offense."
Lamar covered up our receiving corps last year because he would just pick up 5-10 on the ground every single time everyone was covered. This year he really want to find those passing plays. I think the past couple game he's started to be more willing to take off again though. I hope he keeps going with that energy
Feels like it should be 4th quarter. Flags are making this a slow game and I’m old and tired.
Astros cheated
"Oh, right. I almost forgot Kareem Hunt is an actual piece of dogshit."
"Kareem hunt is a better kicker than cody parkey

Change my mind"
Every incompletion baker is looking for a flag.
"Baker and looking for a flag, name a more dynamic duo"
It's entirely redundant to say that baker is calling for a flag. He's doing that every single play.
Defense is refusing to close the game out
Ravens had 15 men on the field and baker still couldn’t complete the throw
Lamar time to wipe
"To the Browns shits who were coming in here trolling halfway into Q3:

suck a fat one and go back to your shit thread and discuss the shit conditions of your turf.

also: be mad that we took your shit team and turned it into a 2 time Super Bowl Champion and pray that we dont do the same thing with your new shit team."
"If that were any other game (not involving the Ravens), I’d call it the best of the year. But I prefer not to nearly go into cardiac arrest while watching football, so, Hawks/Cards it is."
"You gotta have AFLAC, CIGNA, AETNA, OBAMACARE, BCBS, and The General to cover the expenses for all the heart problems the Ravens give you game to game...but DAMN!! It's like CRACK, I KEEP COMING BACK!!!"
WE FOUGHT BABY WE WON
Why is that not a facemask? The fuck
FACEMASK
He grabbed Peters facemask
Call the face mask on the WR there. Unreal
How is that not a fucking facemask or illegal hands? That’s absurd
Field lookin sus
Maybe we should let lamar gus and dobbins carry the team. That seems to work
Love P Ricard. Having a 300 pounder who can move that well in space as a blocker is huge.
I could mute this commentary it’s so cringe
I haven't seen an entire drive gifted to a team like I just saw with that one. Thank god our defense held up against the shits AND the refs
"""are you *sure* we cant throw a flag for a missed kick?""

- all the refs"
Running the ball got us a TD last drive so Roman calls 3 straight passes
Why do we throw the ball 3 straight downs? Get Greg Roman OUT OF BALTIMORE NOW
Averaged 5.9 YPC on the first drive so naturally we throw it on the second drive...
44 for MVP
Lol that was a sneaky great play by proche
Wait is Lamar Jesus??
This is what we need to do. Establish the fuck out of the run and then the passing game will follow
Can you imagine Lamar ever having enough time to stand still and make a throw
Yall still wanna defend Hollywood? He’s ass
Lmao the shade to Hollywood from the commentators
Dude this field is 100% an issue. You cannot have turf this slippery with perfect weather conditions.
"Lamar ""Lamar Jackson"" Jackson"
"Nobody: 



Chuck Clark: head go bonk"
seeing Gardner Minshew back vs the Ravens warms my heart
I hate that they choose to bring back Minshew vs us. He’ll be down 30-0 then come back 😂
It would be fucking huge to come out of the half and kill a shot load of time and score a TD. Would set the rest of the game up exactly how we used to.
"Satisfied but holy shit. Where would this team be without Andrews? 

If any playoff team shuts down our run game we’re toast."
The fallen “Soulja”
It would be cool if there was an alternate broadcast where the announcers dislike Mayfield as much as I do.
"Not at all blaming Lamar for tonight, but damn, Lamar HAS to make that throw"
Brown doing his best Perriman impression tonight
Someone has to get fired after this season. Deadass.
"Fuck marquise brown again for that drop, killed a drive and put the defense back out there"
Lamar stop pooping plz
Wolfe is the only one playing with fucking heart
haven’t had a good tucker game winner in a while
"*lamar runs in* 

“I NEED A HERO!!!”"
This feels like some WWE shit
IS THIS A FUCKING ANIME?
#POOPGATE ALMOST COST US AGAINST A TEAM CALLED THE BROWNS
holy shit that safety means we cover the 3-pt spread lmaoooo VEGAS BABY
I hope this is the spark we needed to get hot at the right time of the season.. I hope our offense gains confidence and our defense gets angry! Let’s get this ship baby!
r/NFL gamethread is gonna be toxic as fucl because everyone wants us to lose.  So I'm staying here today.  Let's fucking go!
How's that not a facemask?
That drive is dead at the other 30 is not for Lamar. Action Jackson looks like a man on a mission today
"MVP

MVP

MVP"
I'm so surprised we saw a deep pass **AND** more than one penalty that went our way on the **SAME DRIVE**
They wanted to throw a flag so bad. Go crawl back up your mommas ass ref
Mayfield already gotten clobbered twice. Feels good
Browns fans looking for penalties this Holiday season
Surprised they didn’t call pass interference on that FG attempt
ha... all that for nothing.. dicks
Smart play from proche
Wholesome
Need that Harbs Lamar hug gif
"Ngl man I'm kinda enjoying seeing the old 2018 ""fuck the forward pass, stop *this* if you can bitch"" all running offense

Run the browns into the turf"
"First drive: 2 throws -> TD

Second drive: 3 throws -> 3 and Out

Third drive: 1 throw -> TD"
Marlon needs to play Man Coverage only! He's too good to play zone
Can we ever have both good offense and defense?
"Elliot is late twice. Cost us. Step up bro, big time game"
"Me irl: Aww man I hope Garrett is okay. 

*Garrett probable to return*

Me internally: Fuck can’t he miss one game."
Greg Roman can make Lamar Jackson boring
Is Baker really bitching to the refs? LMFAO PUSSY BITCH
Baker has a face you want to punch...over...and over
"DAMNNN HE SAID ""OKAY MARQUISE THIS IS HOE YOU CATCH IT"""
[deleted]
SAM KOCH DOING IT ALL JUST SAVED THAT RETURN
Am I the only one who didn’t know you could challenge that
Jfc 15 on the field
"1 more Quarter, boys... Don't give up hope. We got this ALL FUCKING DAY!!!!!!!!!!!"
This game has been 70% commercials 30% game......
Imagine if you got up from your desk at work to take a shit and then there was a nationally televised broadcast that was like “SAM IS NOT AT HIS DESK WE DONT KNOW WHAT’S HAPPENED” meanwhile you just trying to crap in peace
Hollywood deadass the biggest pretender on this team.
I've been defending Brown all season but after all these drops tonight I can't anymore
What's the point of having souljas when you don't have no hands?
marlon said this team's current identity was choking after that playoff loss to the titans. i really hope that they ain't gonna prove that statement right tonight
"""This is Cleveland football"". Shut the fuck up, dude. Theyve been the laughingstock for decades."
This team peaked last season
That's a lot of pooping. Cmon
All started with a dropped perfect pass
"*glass shatters*

*Lamar Jackson enters the ring, carrying two freshly cracked cans of Boh*"
"42 points not enough to win

This defense is trash"
"Lamars post game, "" I had to poop"" and walks out"
Lamar was like Bobby Boucher coming out at half time.
Anyone see peters on the ground on that last play?? I’m worried!
"Fam, Baltimore will never win an easy game. Their goal in life is make everything hard."
[Just a quick reminder for any Browns fans lurking.](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2012/09/07/sports/football/07modell-1/07modell-1-superJumbo.jpg?quality=90&auto=webp)
"Ah, yeah! ESPN just showed that classic M.N.F. finish with Will ""*How the fuck a baby fracture its arm?*"" Hill returning the Kick-6 for a Ravens win!"
Dont let the beginning of a Ravens game distract you from the fact that the Steelers lost 2 straight and are the worst 11-0 team ever
MASSIVE face mask
That drive was 100% Lamar. I love this dude.
Ok defense pls make a stop here no more gimmick plays
Announcers trying to save these bullshit ass calls. Clowns.
Outside of the phantom flags defense is awake now
Tackling the blocker to slow down Baker was kinda clutch
What the fuck is mayfield smoking
A little American pie? Did he stick his dick in a ref or something...?
Announcers: “One of the best missed field goal attempts I’ve ever seen by the Browns. They really came to play.”
I hate Greg I hate Greg I hate Greg
"I am a Greg Roman apologist, but that was bloody awful. Three passes and another pre-snap penalty? GTFO."
"Thank god Mayfield is a dumbass, he could've run for the first down there I think."
The r/ravens drinking game: drink 1 shot of bleach every time Greg Roman is mentioned
"refs: ""a fake fair catch? I should throw a flag or something."""
Proche and Duvernay have turnd our return game on its head this year! LFGO
Now our defense shitting the bed...great
Our offense is going to have to keep scoring. Our defense isn’t winning this game for us
Change your fucking shoes Lamar
Turfgate
Get some new cleats for lamar. This shitty Cleveland landfill grass isn’t meant for competitive football
Lamar looking like he’s on his way to fire the equipments manager himself
god the mnf commentators have to be the dumbest in the league
Bruh Yannick is FLYING
Isn't that grounding?
Yannick slipped too. Wtf is this field
Are we sure that wasn’t a penalty on Judon for “illegal forcing of an intentional grounding by the QB”
"Baker's got his ""bitch and moan"" face on"
Baker crying fuels me
I’ll never forgive some of you calling for trace a few weeks ago
"Must be nice to be cool.

Lamar threw that ball, hits the wall and comes right back to him perfectly.

If I would have done that, the ball would have immediately deflected and hit me in the nuts, causing me to vomit and then subsequently pass out."
The announcer just roasted TF out of Hollywood lmao
Baker IQ at 500. Get the ravens to injure themselves running into poles n shit
"Browns Fans “Llamar can’t throw”

Baker Mayfield “bet I can throw this here football over them there goalposts on this Hail Mary”"
Conspiracy take: the Browns greased the field.
"I'm still really high on Brown, but man he's definitely gotta step up this week. He drew that DPI earlier, which would've been a touchdown if the line didn't immediately fall apart and force Lamar to throw a bad pass, but he's gotta do more.


His hands were SO good last year, idk what's going on rn"
Bad touch by Lamar there but why are 3 pass catchers all next to each other???
Marcus Peters pick 6 incoming
Our linebackers are BBQ chicken in coverage
"Things I'm grateful for:

1) That Baker still has no touchdowns

2) Cody Parkey"
Yea Browns thanks for hiring this man who curb stomped a woman
"Whatever money we were gonna give to Judon, give it to Bowser."
No joke can we raise Tuckers tackle rating in Madden?
All we had to do was press on 4th and 4. Make them take a 50/50 deep shot
"I keep on telling y'all, Jihad Ward is underrated af.

We need to resign him!"
Lamar had to take the Browns to the superbowl
Peters has been all famine no feast this year.
FUCK HOLLYWOOD BROWN
This is hard to watch.
Maybe the Soulja’s were the friends we made along the way.
THAT WAS A BLATANT HOLD
We're really gonna blow this cuz Brown couldn't catch the easiest 5 yard catch of the game
Most frustrating and disappointing season I’ve ever had to watch.
"Well if Lamar can’t come back in, that’s probably our season"
Can we get some positive energy boys! Plenty of time.
"We are the biggest chokers in football. Every single fucking year since 2014 except ‘15. Pats, Steelers, Bengals, Chargers, Titans, and now Browns. Different team same shit EVERY TIME."
if the ravens offense can put up over 30 points without any turnovers and still lose it's the defense's fault. that simple
As SOON as Lamar go out we fall apart can’t make this shit up
"Honestly, anyone saying Lamar is soft doesn't know him or hasn't ever had cramps. Cramps are fucking miserable if they're in the wrong spot."
BAH GWAD ITS LAMAR JACKSON WITH THE STEEL CHAIR
They really drove down the entire field in 20 seconds
"I hate this defense

I hate this defense

I hate this defense

I hate this defense

I hate this defense

I hate this defense

I hate this defense"
DEFENSE STILL NEEDS TO RUN LAPS TIL SUNDAY
Baker mayfield looks shell shocked
I’m emotionally dead in the best fucking way
"Can’t remember the last time I’ve yelled like this. Great game, great W"
Hahah B Will said That’s my quarterback sounding like a crying TO
What a wild season good or bad proud of our boys
BOOGER THE REAL MVP
Hurts watching this team get outsmarted on every play
Do they ever call face mask on the O
"If y’all had any doubts, LJ is still the fucking man."
Alright defense let’s do the opposite of that last drive
Lamar is just carrying this game on his back
KEEP GETTING BAILED OUT 😂😤
Surprised we didn’t get a penalty on that
STOP GIVING THE BROWNS BULLSHIT AUTO FIRST DOWNS 😡😡😡😡
Stefanski think he playing madden?
Go for it assholes. I dare you
Huge play by Jimmy Smith taking out a couple blockers or Baker may have gotten that.
Three fumbles in the first quarter and didn’t recover a single one. The only luck the ravens have is bad luck.
Still not sure how Browns had a “clear recovery” on that fumble
Baker in progressive commercial: “I can’t feel my fingers.” My girlfriend who doesn’t watch or understand football but knows we hate the browns: “GOOD.”
Every timer a kicker misses I love Tucker even more
"Guess where the browns offense has been for the past 2 Super Bowls?

#At
#Home
#With
#Baker Mayfield"
HAHAHAHHA I HATE GREG ROMAN
"We threw the ball 1 time on our touchdown drive, then come out and do 3 pass plays for a 3 and out. It makes no sense."
3 straight pass attempts with an illegal motion/shift? Typical.
Nice fake by Proche
Miles Garrett MOTY nominee is a f'n joke
Thats on deshon elliott
MP can't cover two guys
why are there furries at a browns game?
The comments in here after a team scores 😂 soft as toilet paper
Still waiting for Yannick to make a play. How many weeks have we had him?
“Well manicured field”
"The amount of people slipping can’t just be Lamar, something is up with this turf"
Can we all get Lamar a new pair of cleats for Christmas?
Don’t worry guys I’m driving to Cleveland to give him my cleats
LMAO running on 3rd and 19
Forget fire Roman... Fire our fucking equipment manager
All these fucking stadium commercials from baker and this is actually how the field is... what a fucking joke
Yannick been balling today he just gotta finish the sacks
Love the pressure by Yannick and Judon
This field position 2 time outs? We need a TD
#LET LAMAR COOK
"Someone in this thread said ""the Ravens' goal in life is to make things hard"" and I've been laughing about it all quarter, lol"
Look Marquise! This is how you catch it!
Please just get Lamar a stud receiver next year so we have more than just Andrews to throw to
" 

Marquise this is how you catch it!

The shade....."
"Hmmm, do I go to bed at my normal time so I'm well rested for work tomorrow? Or do I stay up and just be a grumpy troll at work?"
Baker Mayfield went full Uncle Rico
"""And Marquis Brown finally hangs on to one"""
"Offense good -> Defense bad, Defense good -> Offense bad. Never ending cycle"
Remember the Kick Six? Good times
Reminder that Kareem Hunt is a piece of shit
Why is Kareem Hunt in the league if Rice isn’t?
"Browns players: ""the incident where I assaulted someone does not define who I am""."
Yeah after that drive I think I'm gonna stay away from r/NFL for a bit
Tyus Bowser > Marquise Brown
John Harbaugh special teams - drink
Announcer mentioned Harbaugh’s special teams connection. Drink.
yep mayfield calculated that risk reward exaaactly right and just got unlucky :rolleyes:
Baker curls his toes when he takes shits
The number of sacks we miss is mind boggling
Be nice if we didn’t play 10 yards off on 4th and 4. Make them try to beat us over the top
Ugh bc there are 6 seconds left there is Gonna be a whole another round of commercials
You can challenge that? wtf?
Lamar is taking a Brown
My man had to shit
Lamar is pooping lol
Lamar just taking the Browns to the Super Bowl......and flushing them.
Can we get an update on 8
Yall give me a fucking headache with how quickly you turn on everyone
How tf do you drop that. Unbelievable
"Need to bench Brown for a game. No jersey.

And a thousand reps on the jugs."
It's no longer Hollywood it's marquise brown at best or bumwood.
all the investment on defense for them to play like this
Marquis completely fucked us
Our defense is very mentally weak. They give up a play and start pointing fingers. Get peters out of here.
Blocked extra point sure looks big now
We just aren't good enough. It's that simple
Typical. 2 score lead vanquishes and the offense goes ice cold at the most critical time
Watch Roman force McSorley throw to a midget who can't catch a thing instead of using his running backs.
Marsuise needs to go I’m sorry.
"
I’ve never hated a team like this one. Getting shredded by baker mayfield should be the gutter of your professional career and this defense just walks off like it’s expected."
If we lose this loss is on Brown
Imagine drafting Brown over DK Metcalf
By gawd thats Lamars music
LAMAR JACKSON WITH A STEEL CHAIR
"yo someone needs to get fined for field maintenance... like, it's not even raining or snowing"
We can’t go to OT with this Defense
lamar carrying this sorry ass defense
"No lie, this defense needs to walk the fuck home."
Gonna name all my kids Justin Tucker
What a Awesome win for you guys!!!
The Browns giving up a safety on the last play might be the most browns thing ever
"Couldn't beat us down 2 QB's and with receivers who can't catch.
Went into their house punched them in the mouth and lamar ruined their bathroom!"
I’m not sleepin anytime soon damn what a game!
My brain could hardly keep up with those last couple minutes
"""We gotta get it"""
"Colts literally steal our team in the dead of night = silence

Browns lose their team for 3 years and keep all their history = REAL SHIT STAY WOKE CLEVELAND ROCK AND ROLL HALL OF FAME YALL"
"Every week, we have penalties for too many men and illegal formations. How is this still happening? Every fucking week"
Losing faith in Hollywood and fast.
Drafting Hollywood over DK is a huge mistake. We need a bona-fide number 1 receiver. I can't believe we didn't sniff around Diggs.
I think this is the greatest football game that was ever played.
I can't even tell if I'm hyped for Ravens games this year or just terrified
I’m gonna get my six pack (or 12 pack) and keep chugging away like it’ll help the outcome.
"Calais is playing tonight, kind of surprised, but happy with this"
"i'm so sick of everyone rooting for the browns because its an ""underdog"" story. shut the fuck up lmao. 99% of other teams rooting for the browns either feel bad for them or just hate the ravens. the SECOND baker mayfield beats their teams theyll root against the browns like we do."
Bruh.  Higgens was all OVER MP facemask.
Facemask...no? See how that's gonna be
Everyone take a goddamn deep breath. This sub is so stressful
"Pathetic showing by the defense, please get it together and cover. The. Fucking. Screens."
Two fumbles and an uncalled facemask. A little bit of luck for them. But those screens could be an issue
Field looking incredibly suspect
That drive was literally all lamar
"Keep it on the ground, exhaust them on defence."
Lets go MVP!!!!
I think we severely underestimate how bad this team would be without Lamar Jackson
You can’t contain Lamar bitches
Lamar looks like he is locked in tonight. Just need the defense to come to the party.
lamar carried us that drive
Oh this is gonna be one of those fucking games
Jesus Christ refs can you buy us dinner if you're going to bone us
"You HAVE to be joking, that's the second weak ass penalty on the drive alone!"
I'm shocked they didn't call that roughing.
we’re definitely getting more pressure with yannick and Judon both on the field and it’s rattling Baker
Boys I found the blank check the browns wrote to the refs.
Y’all we came to play tonight. Garbage tier luck can only last so long. Let’s get this dub boys.
Shoulda let the refs kick that FG. Cocksuckers
THREE PASSES. ONE DROP. TWO SACKS. WHAT IS ROMAN SMOKING
Three straight pass plays wtf.
"Step 1. GET LAMAR OUT OF HIS BOWLING SHOES

Step 2. RUN THE FUCKING BALL"
I swear James Proche our best punt returner since Jacoby Jones
I love Proche.
That Harbs Lamar hug is enough to make a man cry
Why pass ball when run do trick?
"Love our run game, but our passing offense is so far behind, and its not because of Lamar"
Idc if we throw 4 passes all night with this slippery ass field all I care about is putting up more points. Keep feeding Gus and JK!!!
[deleted]
the sooner we embrace the run the sooner we win out. Lamar has next season and the season after that to prove he can throw
"We're fucking their shit up on man, so of course we start playing zone, lol."
Lets get some points before half and we looking good
We are still in a good position. Get any sort of points here without leaving time and then start of the 2nd half with a TD.
We run on 2nd and 21 lmfao
"Well, at least we made an effort by giving it to Justice Hill on 3rd and 19"
Another waste of a drive. Thanks to Cleveland's trash field and Roman's shit playcalling
Roman you coward
Wtf type of grass did these clowns plant out there?
"It’s like Roman doesn’t even trust his own MVP QB, I’m glad Lamar called his dumb ass out"
Why the fuck is Lamar not ripping his cleats off the second he touches the bench. He had three people surround him like he’s a medieval European king to put his coat on for him so somebody isn’t busy enough to go get him new cleats ffs.
"If we lose, we gotta fire Greg Roman. No point I’m hanging on to him with a long shot to the playoffs"
Is Greg Roman stupid?
Dude Greg Roman sees some shit work perfectly and then immediately goes away from it completely I get switching it up sprinkling in new plays but to go to the complete opposite route four downs the drive after is not fucking working clearly
Put your mask on you loser
"Ngakoue is good, y’all."
Just get a field goal without turning the ball over please for the love of god
Please tell me they changed Lamars cleats by now 😩
#NEW CLEATS MVP
Now I can go poop in peace at halftime
Even the commentators dragging Hollywood RIP
Announcer burn on Hollywood was high key funny af
Lamar has completed more passes to himself than to receivers
Lamar has better hands than Soulja. Change my mind.
Remember people saying it's Lamar's fault our offense is worse than last year? Lamar IS our offense.
GET THIS MAN A FUCKING RECIEVER
Did chuck think that goalpost was earl?
Let’s make this 28-14 make them abandon the run
Ghirardelli chocolate peppermint bark is my favorite Christmas candy.   I am hooked on them.  But they are expensive
We get the ball at the half. This game is ours to control if we want it. Glad to see Jk getting bulk carries.
Damn t announcers are roasting Roman too I love them
EVERYONE BUY A TOKEN AND HOP ABOARD THME GUS BUS!!!
[deleted]
"A pick six would be so massive, or a fumble six"
Marlon Humphrey should never blitz the QB
"Missed challenge, Harbs!"
"defense is suspect just keep scoring, run and score run and score"
Lamar Jackson I am once again asking you to put up more points
Should have been a TD
Put bowser at wr instead of brown
I'VE SAID IT ONCE AND I'LL SAY IT AGAIN FUCK BAKER MAYFIELD AND HIS STUPID COMMERCIALS
Did you guys know Harbs was a special teams coach?
Cue the “John Harbaugh came up in the NFL as a sPecIAl TeaMs guy”
80 yard field goal coming up next. Belee dat.
EXTEND BOWSER AND WOLFE RN
why do announcers have an obsession with harbs and his special teams background
NGL this game feels so long. Like we should be halfway done with the 4th quarter by now
YANNICK 💪
Baker wants a flag on every goddamn play
Baker is such a bitch
This thread: I am once again asking for the defense to make a stop
Holy shit why didn't harbaugh call a timeout
ESPN loving this. Time out. Commercials. 1 play ends of quarter. More commercials.
So. Many. Commercials.
Lamar had to poop
He’s takin a shit
"Lamar taking this ""browns"" joke seriously"
4th down and it’s automstic
Bruh slipped in coverage. All you hating fucks need to go.
"Browns literally get every fucking bounce, I swear to God"
I've been defending hollywood this season but that was fucking bullshit
Actually release him. Not an overreaction. He is a net negative.
I’ll never understand why the Ravens drafted marquis brown in the first round. Imagine drafting DK or AJ Brown instead.
I’m sick of Hollywood at this point
I never want to hear a word out of ‘wood again
McSorley put it DIRECTLY where he needed to and Brown drops it. Of fucking course.
Damn I hope Lamar comes back out
Marquis Brown is gone after this season 100%. Dude is ass
Brown confidence is absolutely smashed right now. It's gone. He needs to be benched
This is the part where we give up a long trick play.
"This doesn’t feel real, lol our luck is insane. It’s like rolling snake eyes 30 times in a row or something."
This is tennessee all over again
"✅ Undersized
✅ Weak
✅ Can't get open
✅ Can't catch
✅ Won't shut the fuck up and play

Cut this fucking moron, tonight."
Honestly I’ve never been more fed up w a player than I am w hollywood
"How much do you think Eric can get for Hollywood in the offseason?

So mad right now."
Mcsorely made the throw and brown drops it... I'm still stuck on this
Duvernay and Proche time. Need guys to catch the ball. That drop could cost us the game
Hollywood brown is why we might lose.
Remember when 34 points vs the Browns wasn't enough?? Me neither
So was anyone in the endzone going to even attempt to tackle baker or nah....?
Classic ravens meltdown ✅
FUCK MARQUISE BROWN AND HIS WEAK ASS HANDS
This team just has losing DNA. It’s coping szn.
Simply get into position for Tucker
"This turf is actually some shit. No excuses, but this many injuries is a bad look for the grounds crew"
"given the situation, lamar's entrance looked like a scene out of a movie"
Yoo win or lose i fuckin love Lamar.. Dude is soo freakin amazing
I never wanna hear the Lamar slander ever again
didn't we have 2 14 point leads?
If this game happened in a movie people would call it fake.
FUCK THE BROWNS HAHAHHAHAHA
what a rollercoaster of emotions that game was
I have no words. Except Tucker is the GOAT.
"what a game from baker. he’s been getting a lot of hate, but he played very well tonight. browns are solid. i can’t believe i’m saying those words"
You guys get so negative when anything bad happens it’s hilarious lmao
"Can't wait for everyone to shit on Lamar cause it's his fault the defense chokes all the time and the receivers don't do shit. So sick of this bullshit, fuck this season man"
Fuck this defense. Praise Lamar. Tucker is my daddy.
I’m so not ready for this
Heart racing already lol
Let’s go and get this dub ! Big Truzz woo woo
"Just remembered, Ravens winning could fuck with a lot of the playoff contending teams tonight: Dolphins, Raiders, Colts, Browns"
"Please football gods make this game like the last season’s Ravens @ Rams game. 

I’ll offer you my first born in your honors. Amen!"
I’m not worried. Just need to make adjustments to their short passing attack.
Just fuck that facemask though right
we got a call boys!
I was 100% expecting that to be offensive holding
I miss Boyle :(
What the hell is with the field? That's 4 slips for Lamar.
WAY TO FUCKING RESPOND RAVENS!!!!
EAZY MONEY
yoooo that reminds me of that 4th down play against Seattle last year!!’
Roman letting Lamar be himself
Ben Powers with a great block
Lamar was weaving through the whole team
"Lamar ran it in, idk why people are saying mandrews lol"
Fuck whoever made that anti-healthcare ad.
The refs are straight up gonna fuck this entire game they’ve already shown it. Fuck them.
These refs are fucking terrible
RAVENS VS BROWNS WITH BROWNS REFS
"i’m not one to blame the refs but that was two goddamn awful calls, what the hell???"
The league wants the Browns to be a story sooooo fucking bad
Refs want to take over the fucking game
"Guys remember, the browns have been the laughing stock of sports for the last 20 years"
"RAVENS FUCKED BY REFS

WATER IS WET"
The flags are concerning af
Already 4 beers in. Can't handle stressful games like this
BALL DON'T LIE BITCH
"Lol fuck this offense. Can we donate Greg Roman to SpaceX, maybe they can put him on a rocket to the fucking sun"
THAT IS THE TEXTBOOK DEFINITION OF ROUGHING THE PASSER IF THE JUDON HIT WAS ROUGHING
GREG ROMAN YOU TWAT RUN THE BALL
Is greg roman the anti-kubiak?
Greg Roman has zero clue how to run an offense
"I'll be extremely disappointed if Roman isn't fired this off season. Regardless of what happens, he's seriously holding this team back with his shit play calling."
Ease off Greg Roman. He is busy running to foot locker to get Lamar a new pair of sketchers
I despise how that first play wasn't a run since Gus's hole was wide open
"Browns couldnt stop lamar the first drive.

Roman: watch me fuck that up real quick."
Greg Roman is a cancer and needs to be fucking removed
"My ptsd is going off, wince every whistle blow expecting 15 free yards"
Marlon makes me rock hard
Lamar should hit someone in the head with a blunt force object so he can be the man of the year next year
Fuck the browns but I hate injuries
"# OOOOO AHHHH BAAAAABYYYY, I GOT POPEYES"
Did they cover everything in oil for this game? It's a literal slip n slide
"That hug, like a proud Father Harbaugh"
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYyyEAH
Coach really just call timeout to tell Lamar he loves him?
Make Lamar and Harbaugh hug the new side pic guys
"It’s really easy, Greg Roman - run the ball. And if you want to pass, set up the run first."
The Gus Bus is worth more than the Browns franchise
see that Roman??? RUN THE BALL GOTTA LOVE TO SEE IT
Run every play. Every play until they show that they can stop it
Lamar hugging Harbaugh lol so special
"Hey wink, if the announcers are calling out your zone coverage, you need to change your zone coverage."
Why the fuck can’t our OC come up with plays like that
Elliott is a liability in coverage
Keep these fuckers out of the end zone.  Make them miss another fg
"Like the announcers said, we need to be playing straight man until they beat it"
STOP PLAYING FUCKING ZONE MARTINDALE ITS CLEARLY NOT WORKING COME ON
We need to start actually getting sacks. Never finishing is killer
Willis just had a dirty hit to the back of LJ Fort
"Did he even get touched... FUCK!

&#x200B;

Let's go Offense. Put some points up before Half!"
"If the offense is good, the defense stinks. If the defense is good, the offense stinks."
Roman is a fucking moron
"Roman is a fucking coward man, what the fuck."
"**GIVE LAMAR NEW CLEATS PLEASE.**

He’s slipping constantly tn. This game is a must win and he’s gonna get hurt if he keeps sliding. JUST CHANGE THE DAMN SHOES"
Baker Cryfield
We can all agree THESE REFS ARE ASS
Get 3? Lets not settle let’s go get 7 plus another 7 after halftime
pickles on pizza? blegh do people actually get that from papa john's?
Lamar’s cleats gonna have a tik tok account by the end of the night...
#BELIEVE IN HIM AND HE’LL TAKE YOU THERE.
That perfect ricochet off the wall and hands catch makes up for the failed dunk attempt earlier😂😂
Even the announcers are throwing shade at marquise lol
The announcers flaming Hollywood LMFAO
"My goodness Lamar, that incalculably-majestic play to keep our series alive and passing it to Mark Andrews..... WOW!"
Bruh these announcers just murder Bollywood live on my television screen
"Bills fans gotta get the Browns' nuts out of their mouths. The number of ""LaKe eErIe bRoS"" posts in r/NFL is really annoying"
Bench Hollywood for Proche or Duvernay
#LAMAR JACKSON IS THE BLACK LAMAR JACKSON
Clark wtf are you doing bro
I ship Chuck and the goal post.
"The goal post = 1, Chuck Clark = 0."
Mayfield has a *way* bigger arm than I thought
Booger is better in studio in small samples. Seems to be more relaxed.
Why doesn’t chuck clark the much bigger man simply not just eat the goal post
We need to keep our foot on the gas. Pound Edwards and Dobbins right up their ass
why you gonna have hands if you don't use them (neva!)
“Finally hangs onto one” lmaoooo
LOOK AT DEM FRESH CLEATS
IS IT THE SHOES?!
Browns fans that were giving excuses for Baker not putting up pass yards because they were winning games are going to have a hard time explaining how Lamar is bad for not throwing for many yards
#FOOTBALL IS FUN AGAIN!!!
"Almost as if we’re designed to be a run first team.

Huh. 

Wild."
I am not a big Roman fan but I must say using Gus the bus and Dobbins over Ingram is the right adjustment (obviously).
Pick six plz
We have scored 28 points despite not having any passing game whatsoever 😂
Am I the only one who finds the Burger King commercials with the King appearing out of nowhere with tons of people extremely weird?
"It’s funny how Lamar killed them through the air week 1, and on the ground week 14 😂"
[Society when Mark Ingram doesn’t stifle the Ravens run game](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EpPpwqtXMAAkfWW?format=jpg&name=large)
All that money in this defence and they can’t do anything.
I thought he stepped out
He only got 1 foot in!
These refs fucking SUCK
re-sod the field better next time Baker
Parkey with the reverse justin tucker
Kareem Hunt is a piece of shit
Nice lil momentum killer from the o-line. Right on cue wtf
New MNF record for QB rushing... Not done yet...
"Fuuuuuck that pocket movement, arm actions, legs, all so beautiful. And he just pushed it."
That’s a throw he HAS to make
Lamar with trash accuracy two plays in a row
Lamar is playing well but I’ve said it before. This type of passing needs to be fixed come playoffs. That’s 7 points that we left on the field
Feeling a quick three-n-out.. Come on defense!
That Snead pass was a tough throw to make but not the andrews. He’s gotta hit that fuck. Lamar is just a little too fired up right now.
Did you guys know that John Harbaugh was a special teams coach 40 years ago?
Harbaugh used to coach special teams? I had no idea
Lamar slander 5 min break
"For anyone playing ravens bingo, please check off ""DiD YoU kNoW HaRBauGh CoAcH SpEcIAl tEAM"""
"Finger to the butthole, 5 yards penalty."
Man hasn’t shown up on the stats sheeet much but Yannick has been a Force
"Baker bitches for a flag every play, Jesus"
4th and 4 and everyone is playing 15 yards deep lol
Can we fucking hit baker please? This ain't 2 hand touch
WR put his arm on DB actually lmao
Are they seriously going to point for a flag on every fucking play?
"""What the fuck refs I playcalled a flag?"" -baker mayfield"
This game is mentally exhausting
I just want this game to be over
baker is such a whiny bitch
4s up babys games not over until the clock hits 0
"Hmmm challenging for 12 people but there were in fact 15. Checkmate, Browns 😏"
Gotta take a DUMP
Lamar had to take a shit
I hope this poop was worth it
Lamar taking a PooPoo Shit-Poopster
Wow another 4th down conversion with ease. Pathetic defense
"That’s not on Elliott, wasn’t even his guy"
Unbelievable holding no call on Browns OL on that TD.
They are getting so lucky tonight it’s disgusting. Meanwhile we’re doing everything possible to fuck ourselves. Just like all season.
I am flabbergasted at just how lucky the Brown's have gotten to tonight for this game to be this close.  And now they get to play against McSorley instead of Lamar in crunch time.  This season is like some kind of monkey's paw shit for us.
BROWN YOU ARE A FUCKING BUM. FUCK OFF
#GET THE FUCK OFF THIS TEAM SOULJA
Mcsorely out here doing what he is paid for and soulja being his regular self
It makes me sick watching all these great rookie and second year receivers just killing it and then seeing Hollywood attempt to secure a catch.
It's time to bench the soulja for Duv
Before this game I still had hope for Marquise. Not anymore.
Marquise brown blame of the game
We desperately need a dependable number one receiver. Hollywood ain't it chief.
We have a 6 pt lead and I have an impending sense of doom
what's the point of having souljas if they can't catch a wide open dime?
Ravens softer than Lamar’s shit in the 4th qtr.
I’ve seen this. I know what’s coming. I can’t fucking deal with this shit.
"Baker has the energy of that dude at the party that's 5'6"" and shit talking constantly after two beers, then threatens to call his lawyer dad on you if you touch him."
i cant get over thar hollywood drop
Lamar get in the fucking game son. Dude the season is on the line and he’s out with *cramps*. What a fucking look.
Lamar better be on the fucking field man
We literally had this game won man I can’t believe we fucking blowing it
Fuck marquise. I’m not even kidding we should give up on him. He’s worse than perriman
We actually got yards from that fumble lol
"#KEEP ON POUNDING THAT ROCK, DON'T FUMBLE, JUST RUN THE CLOCK AND GET THE GOAT KICKER IN POSITION"
This is like a movie
What the fuck is going on
BY GAWD HERE COMES LAMAR JACKSON
The way that went to commercial with Lamar coming back reminded me of WWE Raw.
"***""BAH GAWD, THAT'S LAMAR JACKSON'S MUSIC!!!!!""***"
Lamar really sits out almost the whole 2nd half and really throws a 40 yard TD on his first play back in
IM about to get evicted screaming lol
"MARQUISE I CURSED YOUR NAME ALL GAME AND YOU COME IN AND PLAY CAPTAIN SAVE A HO!!!


LAMAR GREAT COMPOSURE!!! What a devil, let's fucking go"
Not 1 sack. Not 1 all day. Asking a lot of the backs.
"Ok 

1. Run the ball 2. Run the ball 3. Justin Tucker"
0 pass rush. that is why we suck. all year long
"If he says ""That’s why you love the NFL"" one more time..."
"Marlon is exhausted. He’s playing every snap. Safeties can’t cover ANYONE, Chuck Clark is terrible. D Line getting no pressure lol. What am I watching"
"fuck Lebron, now he's a browns fan again"
341 passing yards. Fuck this fucking defense.
As long as Joe buck isnt announcing Im not worried about Tuck
Lamar is so great man
*immediately pops a xanax*
The way the defense played I wouldn't be surprised if the Browns scored that last play
GIVE ME ALL YOUR TEARS BROWNS FANS
"Talk about overcoming adversity. First, it's a road game. Then cleats issue. Then Hollywood dropping 3. Then the D got caught sleeping. Lamar leaving the game to poop. McSorley getting hurt. Lamar coming back to set up Tucker for a 55-yarder. What a game!!!

Edit: Bowser with a clutch INT to overturn the Brown's momentum."
Shit on Lamar all you want but this team revolves around him do not forget that
"When the world needed him most, he vanished."
All Browns fans look like thumbs
Whats funny is the refs let us get away with having 15 guys on the field 😅😅
They challenged that we had 12 men on the field. They were wrong. Should have stood
This lost is on marquise
Gonna get high af for this one
Fuck the God Damned Fucking Browns.
Man I'm not digging all this pre-game Bakerganda
"Honestly since the pandemic game day hasn’t felt the same, but tonight I’m getting the butterflies that I used to get in years before

Or it could just be my covid"
"Let’s dominate tonight. I want the Ravens to make a statement, peak these last 4 games and just be some dawgs like the old Ravens"
"Early note to the inevitable ""fire Harbs"" posts that we will see after every single incompletion:

We got some key players out

We got some players who *techincally* are out of COVID protocol but are still physically worn out from it.

You dont really fire a HC over injuries and illnesses, so just calm down."
Everyone is talking about the Browns pass game and Im sitting here worried about the run. We're kinda porous.
If anyone wants to judge Browns fans I’m at my girlfriends house and her whole family is browns fans and they’ve chosen the Bachelorette over the game so I’m downstairs watching it lol
why can this team never defend screens
"What a fucking lucky drive. Two fumbles, blatant missed facemask."
If those fumbles bounce our way it’s a different game
Did baker just sniff the same fingers he holds up under his center's taint?
Time for Lamar to ball out
THAT was a cool animation
Holy crap we got a call
Upside: Cant have a bad snap if you don't snap the ball
He didn’t slip he’s just slippery
"good drive, now get him some cleats."
LAMARTIMORE RAVENS!!!
LFG looking like a idiot cheering in the break room but who cares
Look at all those fans in the stadium 🙁
Can we get a gofundme real quick to buy Lamar some cleats?
Lamar Jackson now has more TD runs than Jared Goff
Lol.lamar didn't want that fine so he didnt dunk the ball through the goal posts
That was a 2018 Ravens drive
"*heading into commercial*

Announcers after successful conversion: ""hey dont forget Tucker missed one last week. We'll be right back."""
I like to imagine Joe Flacco and Torrey Smith as force ghost looking down on the Hollywood DPI with a smile
"That was a clean fucking sack, eat shit ref"
Refs are TRAAAAAASH
Truly and I mean truly fuck these fucking refs
"Refs hate the Ravens, it's not a conspiracy."
Jesus what the FUCK refs holy SHIT
"So minkah can kill sneed to play for the ball, but jimmy cant bump them in the same situation? Fuck off"
Lamar should spend the whole next series throwing the ball at the refs nuts like longest yard.
Wasnt looking was that Chuck or Jimmy that ate that massive block like a champ?? Selfless awesome team play there
[deleted]
Lol. A flag can't make a ball go through the uprights...
HAHAHAHA GO FUCK YOURSELVES BROWNS. You deserve nothing on a handicapped drive from the refs
"Hahaha, given all those yards and still come out with nothing."
#FFS GET SOME CLEATS ON THAT MAN
Those two dudes yelling in each other's face is exactly why you don't have fans in the stands
Why don't we run the ball (not on 3rd and long just in general)? And someone change Lamar's fucking shoes
Lamar is changing cleats I guarantee  it
That was some ugly ass offense. Shit.
Roman seriously has to go.
Lamar out there playin in church shoes
Our defense going to be gassed
"#RUN THE BALL ROMAN

Jfc I can’t wait to get rid of him so someone else is calling the plays"
Week after week and we still don't know how to line up? Shits ridiculous
Lol -6 pass yards after 2 drives
"Oh, no hands to the face? Because watching the first quarter, I was pretty sure you could just haul guys around by the face mask..."
What? No PI call on Marlon??? C’mon refs! /s
"Ravens: *exist*



Refs: _illegal existence, 20 yards, automatic 1st down_"
Thank God Mayfield threw that 900 mph
I love proche. If only the ravens had a competent passing scheme so he could get involved
Did you know John Harbaugh used to be a special teams coach?
"Legit question; can lamar just be like 'Nah fuck that Roman, we running it' 

Because he should."
"This field is trash, just like Cleveland"
It's like a fucking slip and slide out there. Someone could get really hurt today judging by the amount of slips
Call me crazy but that extra time off for Lamar from testing positive with Covid seems to have really gotten him healthy
That was a big boi dive
Oh so we going for 400 rushing tonight??
Hollywood noped out of the way.  Glad our #1 is there to block
Browns fans in their sub begging for a holding call on that run...haven't  the refs done enough for you guys?
"lamar haters are so sad that he continues to succeed in running an offense

I would hate to spend that much energy on hating a nice dude just because he isn't Aaron Rodgers or Pat Mahomes in the pocket"
Wow both defense and offense woke up!
"Dawg, let our run game open up our pass game. Thats us. That's Lamar. We put the pressure on them first with the run, then the game will open up for us. 

We got an absolute steal in the 2nd Round with JK. A fucking tank with Gus. Literally one of the best natural runners with the football ever in Lamar. Not just speed, his feel and cuts and direction. 

We got a bottom rated receiving corp. Establish our advantages first please, the rest will come."
First time they’ve met when both teams have winning records? You mean the first time browns have had a winning record??
"Gus and Dobbins are super effective, image that. Fuck, this isn't rocket science"
I'm literally waiting for a flag every play now. Ptsd shit
We look terrible against these deep passes
"Offense wakes up, Defense goes to sleep"
"Bro I want a center fielder. Stop using Elliott close to the line, we never have deep coverage.."
MAN ON MAN or riot
Their OC is schemeing a hell of a passing game right now. Playing our zones perfectly
Our safeties are fucking wack
Elliot has no play recognition skills.
This defense quite isn’t worth the resources put into it. I think we just consistently hit diminishing returns with our very lopsided picks/dollars titled towards that side
"> Kangaroo\_tacos824 I would like to take a second to say whoever reported me and got me banned on my other account is a piece of shit and can get fucked

  


We don't care."
Fuck this field and the city of cleveland
Okay but we run on 2nd and 21. Sure. Sure.
Is our equipment manager in the covid list wtf is going on
Fire Roman Fire Roman Fire Roman
Running the ball with ease and we fucking pass on first down. I hate Roman so much. What a worthless clown. Fire his ass at half time.
Drives like this are repeated points why we need to make changes in the coaching.
Fucking throwing on 1st down then run on 3rd and 19. What?
We have over 100 rushing yards in two drives so let’s fucking pass the ball Roman you absolute idiot
Monsoon game covid game slippery game what a season
This team is going nowhere with Roman. He HAS to go
Yannick is the king at almost sacking the qb
"#CLEATGATE BREAKING NEWS: BAKER MAYFIELD IMPLICATED FOR INTENTIONALLY SOAKING PLAYING SURFACE

https://abancommercials.com/uploadComercial/84954.jpg"
# FUCK YOU BAKER GO MAKE SOME MORE DUMB ASS COMMERCIALS
Yannick getting so close every play lol
Baker should use some of that hulu money to see an orthodontist
"Clearly grounding, Baker doesn’t even know the damn rules

I know some people are saying the throw was messed up by the defender, but even if that happens the ball has to get out of bounds. Plus, looking at replay I don’t think you can 100 say that it was influenced."
This is were Roman should be judged THIS drive
Did we change his cleats?!
Lamar literally carrying this sorry-ass offense.
"Lessons from the td play: Lamar can run, throw, catch and kick"
Even the announcers are clowing on Hollywood
"LOL, even these guys are shitting on Brown."
NEW CLEATS🔥🔥🔥
"Its remarkable how we KEEP drafting the wrong receivers, man."
Hollywood needs to play the slot or get 6” taller
“All that for a yard” 😂😂
Lmfao Clark I love you
"Besides the underthrown ball to Hollywood earlier (which still resulted in a DPI so I'm not really gonna hold it against him) and falling down, which really isn't even his fault, Lamar has been on fucking POINT today.

Second half is gonna be a massacre, watch."
Chuck Clark playing like a raven against the goalpost
The eagles qb situation is really interesting/tricky. Really seems like a pretty big schism is developing in that locker room. Jalen's in a tough spot cause he's got to be a dog to win everyone over. Seems like he has less breathing room than a rookie qb usually would
Ok we have a real opportunity here. If we come out throwing the damn ball instead of running it down their throat I’ll stop being so nice
Run it up fuck it up
Did Boomer just say the Bears shat on the Texans? lmao
Prayers for Souljia
OUR BALL FIRST BOYS! LETS MOVE THE ROCK AND PUT SOME POINTS UP!!
Shoutout to Gro for barely using Ingram.
LAMAR IS TAKING MATTERS INTO HIS OWN HANDS
Harbaugh 100% said something to Roman
Lamar looks like he has having so much fun. I fucking love it.
What a difference not wasting carries on Ingram
CANT STOP THE 🚌
EASY MONEY
The 2018 Lamar and Gus duo is back tonight 🔥
Defense needs to crush their will right here
HE DID NOT CATCH THAT
Going to need to put up at least 42 at this rate
Defense is ass. Unacceptable considering the money spent.
"Roman

Don't stop running it"
"Is there anybody on the Brown's roster who doesn't have an incident which led them to believe ""one incident doesn't define who I am"""
What a pass from lamar fucking Jackson the quarter back for the Baltimore Ravens
WTF the Ravens threw TO THE STICKS???
Can we have one fucking game where this offensive line doesn't fuck us???
Our offense would be collapsing if Lamar didn’t have Mandrews
Can't win a Superbowl let alone a playoff game if you miss your wide open TE for a TD with a perfect pocket.
That needs to be a TD come on Lamar
Looks like we’ll just have to pick off Baker Mayfield to get those points
Holy shit I love baker lmfao
"Is that end zone my girlfriends cousin? 

Cause JK Dobbins got in so easy"
"Please let judon go, pay tyus and yannick instead"
Hey guys did you know that John harbaugh was a special teams coach? I legit never knew but thanks to all the commentators who remind me
y’all know harbs was a special teams coach? i had no idea
Guys did you know Harbaugh was a special teams coach?
"Ahh there comes the weekly harbaugh st coach comment.


Also y’all remember will hill kick 6?"
Bowser has been the bright light of this season. He will cash in the contract Judon was supposed to cash.
#JOHN HARBAUGH IS A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH
How the hell are we not in the 4th quarter yet.
"Need 4 yards? Here, let’s play 20 yards off"
I don’t understand playing zone like that on fourth at four
U can challenge that?
Really though harbs shoulda called time on 4th and 4
"You know, they could show us the fucking replay instead of immediately an ad for car insurance"
The lack of discipline is a killer. It’s been a problem all damn season and they haven’t even pretended to improve it.
"15 on the field, jesus christ"
TIL you can can challenge for 12 men on the field. I've never seen that before
lmao we had the whole fucking team on the field
Lamar taking a massive dump?
He pooping relax
Did Lamar just leave to go take a shit
If Lamar had to take a shit he better pinch it and get back out there
Lamar glad we wore the purple pants instead of all-whote
Chill. Lamar just going for two.
Maybe Lamar missed those throws because he was a holding in a fat shit
Lamar shit on the browns so much he had to shit fr
"Defense just can’t step up in big moments, plus the terrible holds"
God I hate this team sometimes.
Honestly if I'm playing the ravens I'm going for it on fourth down Everytime like a 10 year old on madden. Wtf man
This field really is trash. How is there not some consistency in the fields throughout the league?
FUCK ME EVEN THE SHIT PASSES GO THEIR WAYS
this next  drive has 3 and out written all over it
Our luck is ridiculous this year
Y’all memed this into existence
MARQUISE ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
I wish I could get paid millions to drop balls..
Hollywood brown can get fucked
ok....ill join cut holllywood
Hollywood’s got Lamar’s shoes on his hands
[removed]
[deleted]
Hollywood should never touch the field again
We are seriously going to blow it. Come the fuck on
Chris Moore>Hollywood
I’m so fucking beyond tired of brown. Seriously hope we let him go
So typical 4th quarter collapse? Fuck me
Browns OL holding again
anyone else see a missed holding
So they’re just going to never call holding anymore
[removed]
Ray Lewis must be sick to his stomach watching these linebackers get blown off the ball so easily.
Dont get how we keep blowing solid leads. Whole organization is sketchy
I still can't get over the dropped pass.
Judon 10 yards behind baker....
Highest paid defense in the NFL and we cant get a stop when our season depends on it
Defense is paid way too much to not get stops. This loss is going to be on them. We were up 34-20.
I hate Hollywood. And I hate our defense. Fucking sold this game
GET MARQUISE BROWN OFF THE FUCKING FIELD
#LAMAR WE NEED YOU
BAH GAWD THATS LAMAR JACKSONS MUSIC
Man what the fuck is even happening hahaha.  This game is just insane at this point.
bah gawd that’s lamar jackson’s music!
Lamar is done with his shit and Roman’s shit
I NEVER want to hear Lamar hate again. Dude is an absolute difference maker.
"Regardless of the outcome, (fuck the Browns), this was a damn good game. Did I mention ""Fuck the Browns""?"
No faith in this defense what so ever. They'll give up another td if they see the field again.
manifesting a justin tucker game winner
"what the fuck happened to this defense? wasn't this bad in the 1st half of the season. the offense lost key figures, but the D?"
What an absolute pathetic defensive showing.
Please don’t make me watch OT
Get the game winning field goal. Please ravens
Why did we waste a timeout?
This is on Wink
Oh NOW he can kick
Dean Peas flashbacks
Justin Tucker will win us this game
Anyone remember that snow game against Minnesota a couple years ago? That’s this game exactly.
Tucker>>>>every other kicker in history
Michael Jordan flu game meet Lamar Jackson diarrhea game
Holy shit that was one of the greatest games I have ever seen
"No matter what you say about Lamar, this man cares"
"tucker is the best athlete at his position in any sport, don't @ me"
BEST GAME OF THE SEASON ANY TEAM ANY GAME
Love that crying grown man Browns fan in the stadium all by himself.
#EVEN GOATS POOP
I don’t know why I worry so much.  We have Tuck
Just wow
Feels good to be the king of Ohio
Griese on SVP sounds legitimately sad for the Browns.
"To all yall who were defending hollywood last week, downvoting my shit, fuck yall"
Baker gets up and literally looks around for a flag to save him
3rd and 19.... let’s run the ball???? Tf????
Lamar is so invaluable just blows my mind he is criticized as a passer so heavily
making that pass is the difference between great and elite
If Elliott just makes that sack. It’s 4th and 10. But nah
"What do people do when there's only an hour left before game time? Too much time to start something new, but not enough time to wait around doing nothing"
This game could really go a million different ways lol. I'm nervous as fuck.
"Hennessy poured, Bong packed. LET'S FUCKING GO!"
I’m exited and nervous. Idk how many beers I can drink before the jitters go away
"""Browns"" is such a shitty name for a sports team"
"I wanna see Mark Andrew’s pop the fuck off. He’s got some pretty good stats against the Browns.

In three career wins over the Browns, Andrews has at least 50 yards receiving in every game and totaled 15 catches for 205 yards and four touchdowns. That breaks out to five catches for 68.3 yards and 1.3 touchdowns per game"
"Fuck the steelers, Fuck the browns, and fuck covid, in no particular order"
Kevin Stefanski is just Freddie Kitchens with an easier schedule.
Calais don’t be injured plz
"Fuck the Browns lets win this fucking game

Greg Roman's job should be on the line here btw, also Yannick's extension and Judon getting resigned"
FUCK THE BROWNS
"Time to load up a bowl and settle in. 

Huge game for Lamar. Time to be an MVP.

Huge game for Roman. Gotta put those receivers in position to succeed.

Huge game for the D. Cleveland *smacked* Tennessee. They're obviously capable. Gotta shut that shit down."
I just a tweet that we have all our week 1 defensive starters back + Yannick. Perfect fucking timing.
I’m more nervous for this game than I was for both of my law school exams last weekend
I feel like im going to vomit
"I really hope we go out and fucking stomp them just because I'm already sick of all this ""BROWNS ARE GOOD THEYRE GONNA MAKE THE PLAYOFFS""

Like I dont disagree, but man am I sick of hearing about it."
Please punish these browns harder than the dump I took this morning
"Wink needs to figure out how not to scheme his defense to be weak to the screen.  Its clockwork.

Chiefs, Pittsburgh, titans...

The good teams have him figured out early."
How was that not face mask
Facemask
Did Defense get the memo that this is a WIN OR GO HOME GAME???
Lamar about to give'em moves left and right.
Guys don’t panic the game just started let’s get the ball and drive and score and hopefully the defense will follow on that momentum no need to lose hope yet
Lots of time to right the ship. Those fumbles are bound to go our way at some point
Roman with a god damn flea flicker first play. Dumbass.
Whoa not expecting a defensive holding there
Holy fuck I ended that play saying of course its fucking holding
Ravens + stupid penalties = <33
If Lamar wasn't a freak scrambler our QB would end up dead on that field.
Lamar needs to change his shoes like in the Seattle game
Jackson just picked his way through that line. Absolutely incredible!
L freaky!
That's our Llama!
Lamar is so good
Fuck the Browns. Come on Ravens
LEETTSS GOOOO! FOOT ON THEIR NECKS DICK IN THEY ASS!!!
If burger king employees surround my car singing I'm  going to jail
Just got off work ! Saw the Dobbins give and Lamar score. Let's fucking go!
I love how when the browns score everyone here thinks we already lost but when we score right back ppl barely say anything positive
MNF graphics never disappoint
So you can’t sack the qb?
Weak ass RTP call. I guess the refs still hate Judon
"Weekly ""Fuck the Refs"""
We are the most fucked on team in the league and you can’t tell me otherwise
What the fuck is this reffing
HAVE YOU LOST YA MIND ILLLLL HELP YA FIND IT!
"Fuck these refs, fuck this defense, fuck the browns"
Roughing the passer needs some SERIOUS reconstruction
"Im now watching plays not to see how we do, but to see whether there is a flag."
FUCK the browns man
"If they go for it, you gotta think they’re confident to just throw one up and look for a flag"
First drive trick plays second drive refs. Third drive pick six?
"There's the Browns I know, bailed out multiple times by the refs and still end up with nothing LOL"
"The Fates have spoken, those penalties were bullshit"
"Bailed out twice by the refs and still can't convert it into points, yikes lmao"
HAHAHAHAHHA FUCK THE BROWNS!
LMAO THEY GET BAILED OUT AND THEY MISSED IT.
1 play and a commercial...
Greg Roman fucking sucks
Uh that Browns fan and Ravens fan need to stop kissing with their mask on
Refs dropping a flag on us there in case we converted.
Does anyone have spikes they can deliver to Lamar?
Greg Roman offensive mastermind
I want Greg Roman gone this offseason
Petition to buy Lamar new cleats
Chiefs fan again. Also FUCK THESE REFS!!!
Stop the game let’s see those fans fight
WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING WTFFFF
Jackson needs new cleats
Lamar needs new cleats
LAMAR PUT SOME LONGER FUCKING CLEATS ON MOTHER FUCKER
That was the Greg Roman special. First down run would’ve picked up 8+ and that drive would’ve looked a lot different. Why does this moron refuse to do what we’re fucking good at?
Got to love not using our strength to win. Run the damn ball.
These cleats are going to lose us the game...
RUN THE FUCKING BALL YOU DUMB FUCK. I hate Greg Roman
Someone gif that cleveland fan literally yelling in his friends mouth with his mask down please
FIRE GREG ROMAN
3 passes=3 and out. Fuck you Greg Roman
I love watching our receivers. They run their route and just turn around and wait for Lamar to do something  cool
Imagine at this point still not thinking Greg Roman is a problem.
"This offensive line is a joke, Greg Roman is a joke"
If we miss the playoffs or go out early in the playoffs I really hope Roman is fired.
Lamar needs to start saying FU roman and audible into some runs
Refball strikes again
"Whenever I see a flag, I just expect it to be on us"
"Flags, flags everywhere"
Show us the penalty
Christ...Are we going to let the Browns just win with penalties?!?
Jokes of a ref crew. If this league has an ounce of integrity they're getting written up after this game
"Illegal use of your hands on each others dicks, you fucking refs"
Hope Lamar changes his cleats
Nice fake out Proche!
Smart fucking play Proche
Low key good play by proche
Hahaha..  even the refs couldn’t help the girl brownies that series.
"Garrett attempts to murder a man and gets nominated for WPMOY.

Fuck the Browns."
"Poor guy, thats his helmet swinging arm"
I love Lamar and Harbs 💕
Harbaugh has to run down the fucking field to signal for a time out... the refs make everything difficult
Lamar is Harbs son.
Llama Harbaugh love 🥺
"awww, Lamar hugging harbs got me feeling gooey"
EXACT CHANGE ONLY
That's 100% a touchdown
The hush of that crowd is beautiful.
"Who needs throwing when you have Lamar, JK, and Bus!"
Society has progressed past the need for passing
"The best news: Look at the clock!

Browns may drive, but even if so, we'd get it back with some time before half AND get it to start the 3rd.

Next few minutes are big."
Passing at this point is being cute. Why stop running before the Browns prove they can stop it?
That pre TD hug is a top 5 season moment
Why tf are they giving the receivers so kuch space? Jfc we only up by one
Elliot and Peters both fucking lost
Our run defense looks like we are fielding Casper out there at every position
Honestly why the fuck did wink switch to a zone defense? Literally getting torn up
At least Ravens fans didnt have to wait 18 years just to be excited for a playoffs appearance.
Our 4 man “pass rush” needs about 4 more men
"Second half adjustments: 

play man till they consistently beat it

Run jk, Gus, and Lamar till the wheels fall off"
"He just slipped twice on the same play.

#WHEN DO WE ADDRESS THIS"
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH THE SLIPPING!?!? Put other cleats on!!! Should have been done the first fucking slip!
Is there a legitimate reason he hasn't changed shoes? Too time-consuming in between drives?
Blame of the Game: cleats
Please figure out the cleat situation he is running on oil out there
Why would you run that. Why
" ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ  LAMAR TAKE MY CLEATS  ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ 

 ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ  LAMAR TAKE MY CLEATS  ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ 

 ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ  LAMAR TAKE MY CLEATS  ༼ つ ◕\_◕ ༽つ"
Roman doesn’t even let Lamar try to throw for a first FUCK OFF
This is definitely his shoes because if it’s the field everyone would be having problems.
"Can we figure out the cleats, Lamar, or....?"
Lamar has looked explosive. Better cleats and we might be up by a TD
"Do the Ravens have a different pair of cleats for Lamar ? 

How many times does he need to slip before he and the Ravens do something about it?"
They should not be having issues with fucking cleats. They have a bunch of time on the field before the game to get that shit right.
I’m sorry I want Roman gone at halftime. I hate this mans playcalling
Equipment Manager in shambles
"I'm feeling like that Star Wars scene where Palpatiine is in his chair laughing and saying, "" Good, Good. Let the Hate run through you"" to Lamar"
HARBAUGH & EDC FIRE ROMAN IM BEGGING YOU ITS LITERALLY A SINKING SHIP
"If we lose and GR still has a job tomorrow, I’m done."
Legit disrespect to Jimmy Smith right there acting like he’s some scrub
Did he just say to target Jimmy Smith? Lol does he not knows Jimmy is elite
FINALLY A FLAG THATS NOT ON US
[Found new cleats for Lamar](https://imgur.com/0jugOBH)
"These refs are ass, we smacked his hand down that wasn’t intentional"
Yannick starting to dominate.
Man this is some classic AFC North football right here
Yannick gotta start converting those pressures into Sacks
They have reviewed this entirely to long
"all this over fucking grounding, this ref crew sucks"
"I think Baker has a case here. He was getting hit. But the ball didn't make it to the line and wasn't out of the tackle box, the zebras don't care."
Yannick is bringing some pressure. Hopefully he can bring it in the second half
"We're at midfield, we better get a FG at least."
"The ""my cause my cleats"" sideline is starting to feel personal"
So they changed his cleats? I was talking to my wife so I was 100% sure
Mark Andrews is the real Soulja
Andrew's has arrived!
“Welcome to the game Mark Andrews” 🔥
#PLAY. LIKE. A. RAVEN.
Someone take this 80 pound fucking child off the field
Bench Marquise. Or at least look to go to other receivers with the ball. He doesn’t deserve to be WR 1 with all of his drops. Our TEs are money though.
ACTIVATE NEW CLEATS LLAMA
"Lamar “Lamar Jackson” Jackson

That’s all I gotta say."
[removed]
Need some new Lamar memes
The forward pass was a mistake
"These announcers are shit but ""Marquise, this is how you catch"" got a legit belly laugh out of me."
"Everyone shitting on Hollywood, good."
even the commentators are roasting hollywood
[deleted]
"134 rushing yards in the first half.

UNSTOPPABLE"
Chuck bby what is you doing
FLAG ON THE PLAY: DEFENSIVE PASS INTERFERENCE ON CLARK. SPOT OF THE FOUL ONE YARD LINE. FIRST DOWN.
"Spike Lee writing a ""It's Gotta Be The Shoes"" commercial for Lamar as we speak"
True... just frustrating to think how many plays got shut down from Lamar slipping and as soon as he changes his cleats that happened
"Remember ESPN 2k5 when this was the half time show? Completely computer generated scenarios with The voice over to match? That was over 15 years ago, yeah madden is terrible."
"I'm loving the Hollywood slander from the commentators, embarrass the shit out of him until he decides to play up to his own self acclaimed hype."
#ALL ABOARD CAPTAIN JACKSON'S GUS BUS
#BEEP BEEP HERE COMES THE BUS
"This is the playbook, Greg"
New cleats + running the rock = EASY MONEY BABY!
RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROATS.
"i hope we make the playoffs and get the steelers first.

fuck those no talent overrated bums"
Crazy what happens when we play to our strength and run the ball
MVP LAMAR!!!!! THIS IS MVP LAMAR Y'ALL!!!!
"Week 2 - Week 13 : The Ravens have no identity

Week 14: Running the ball is who the Ravens are"
This.Is.Why.You.Run.The.Ball
We will literally run our way to the sb.
"LAMAR IS FUCKING BACK, OUR OFFENSE IS FUCKING BACK!!! WE CONTROL OUR DESTINY MAN FUCK THESE SHIT STAINS!!!"
When you realize the best rushing duo in the league wears purple and black and not dog shit brown 🤣
Which dumbass scheduled steelers bengals for MNF on week 15??? Is anyone gonna watch that game???
The browns sub has given up and called the game. I couldn’t be more satisfied if i pulled my pants down and it jerked itself
Lamar is truly a player like no other
"Browns shaking their heads on the sideline, Folks we love to see it"
We better not blow this lead
What is this zoom ad
Im gonna say it...booger in the booth > these clowns
Baker rolls out everytime. Can't we plan for it better
His second foot looked out to me
Wtf he was out of bounds
This defense gets paid way too fucking much to play like this man. There was no resistance at all man.
MISSED EXTRA POINT HAHA TUCKER WOULD NEVER
CODY PARKEY SUCKS LMAOOOOOOO
Why did the defense just fucking die today wtf
This defense is so anti-clutch...play well until it matters most
Go to newsmax with that feet in shit levy we are watching him step out
Why is the defense and offense never good at the same time
Cody “Billy Cundiff” Parkey
So...can we get new shoes for the Defense?
Mr. Stover is the coolest guy I know him personally. So down to earth
That needs to be a TD 99/100 times
A turnover here would be awfully nice
I’m glad we got dobby a TD
I love Tyus. Most underrated player on this team.
"> ""They're going for 2 here...""

It's okay, Levy. We all wanted Bowser to get his pick-6 there, anyways."
I don't really believe in jinxes but Joe Buck and whoever that guy is can go fuck themselves
"Nooooo, my boy Tucker’s stats! NOOOOOOO!"
Most accurate passer in history of the NFL with the tackle.
My weekly dopamine comes from checking the browns sub
I cannot believe TYUS made that pick. Most people that’s a batted down pass. Unreal
"The rate at which announces every week say something about Harbs being Special Teams makes it feel like Im playing Madden and hearing the same canned commentary game after game after game.

iM sTiLl wAiTiNg 2 sEe iF tHoSe NuMbErS T-eRrMUhHhHh iMpErIcAl oR nOt"
Ingram might as well be poe at this point
Good play Ngakoue
Whoever said Yannick wasn’t good is not watching the game. He may not be showing up on the stat line but he’s shifting their o-line and being an overall menace every play
Sorry baker you can’t get a penalty for everything
someone messed up on that Landry conversion; looked like Elliott and the LB were standing in the same zone so neither were in position to pick him up when Peters passed him off.
Elliot’s whiff may prove costly...
What? They’re challenging for a penalty on us?
I cant even believe its not the 4th Q yet.
GAH DAMN 15
"I'm fine with us not calling a timeout on 4th & 4 -- IF we man the fuck up.

Stop this backpedalling zone bullshit, Wink."
These commercials are fucking ridiculous
They are obviously not trusting there kicker any more in this game.  Gonna have to stop them on every down here.
"I know we all want this shit in the bag, but How’d you feel 3 hours ago if I told you we’d be up 34-20 going to the 4th?"
"So here’s the game. Can the Defense stop the Browns from scoring 2 TDs in the 4th quarter?  Can the offense do fucking anything to help out?

Earlier this season the answer is: lol no. Of course not."
is Lamar taking a cleveland steamer
Lamar not on the field? Had to take a dump in Cleveland. Just to drop an extra one
I hope Hes pooping lol
Lamar better wash his hands if he’s taking a shit just saying
Taking a dump on the browns literally
Lamar wishing we went with black pants tonight
LET LAMAR TAKE HIS MID GAME POOP
Lamar taking a dump probable to return
Now that's a good TO
4th downs...
PINCH AND WIPE LAMAR
4th down and giving up the TD. Name a better duo for us
Holding by Kareem Hunt on Queen but no call... What a surprise...
Is Lamar done shitting?
I hope peters is actually ok and just buying some time for LJ
"Slip like it hasnt been happening all game on this SHIT FUCKING FIELD.

&#x200B;

Get out of here with your negative asses!"
Jesus christ our defense is ass today
This damn defense is killing us
I'm starting to wonder... Was ET3 that important?
"There’s bad luck, and then there’s fumbling three times and recovering all three and then getting that 2 pt conversion"
you can’t tell me lamar didn’t just have to shit
How TF am I supposed to sleep after this
Alright now I’m fucking done with 15
"Ok fuck you Brown, you can get the fuck off the team now.  That was fucking inexcusable.  Absolute piece of shit."
OF FUCKING COURSE HE DROPPED IT
He’s got to go. I don’t care. Get rid of him. Can’t stand the useless prick.
I think that's seriously the one that gets Brown benched.
MARQUISE BROWN OUR BIGGEST BUST SINCE PERRIMAN DONT FUCKING @ ME
"I'm ready to straight-up cut Brown, so sick of his shit."
How the hell was Hollywood better last season with one working foot?
I can’t believe I watched this man’s IG stories with the jug machine all off-season just for him to do this to me
Proche or Duv catch that. They offer more than Hollywood right now. He's toast.
Baker whines for a flag all the fucking time like old man rivers. just stop jesus christ
Bro I really hate this season lmao
"Defence going to lose this game for us. Yet again, crumbling when we least need it. Team just isn’t complete."
Come on defense get one damn stop today
This seems like the perfect way for this 2020 season to end. fuck
Am I the only one who thinks boykins and duvernay deserve more reps than brown?
Maybe our Soulja needs to swap out for some different gloves...
One thing the Ravens are good at is giving their fans blue balls
Soft AF. DeCosta and Bisciotti needs to do some serious work with this team.
"This defense just has nothing. No answers. No heart. No clue. Just nothing. Just wide open, walking down the field. Score is just inevitable."
Defense is just gassed. We’re basically depending on a Cleveland mistake now otherwise this ain’t going well.
"This season fucking sucks, these games are fucking brutal to watch"
Wtf chuck clark. Just standing there next to the receiver lol
Lamar got cramps
Our defense can't stop shit
Kickoff return for a TD plz?
Defense gassed. Hollywood drop killed us
time to throw it and go 3 and out
"It is what it is, just gonna have to reload next year I guess"
Can’t think of one clutch stop our defense has made outside the Tyus int
SNEAD THANK FUCK
I vow to never refer to Marquise as Hollywood again
"I love Willie Snead. That’s just a straight up, tough, I want it more than you type catch."
Greg Roman calls a keep with McSorely. Seriously cant make this shit up.
Save us LLAMA!
LAMAR COMING BACK CLUTCH HE DONE WITH HIS BIG OL SHIT BOIS
Lamar done pooping
LAMAR SAVE US
Let Tucker kick the 62 yarder fuck it.
"Damn, this is like a drama series."
Diaper up Lamar we need you
I’ve seen enough sports movies to know how this ends
Cum on daddy Lamar please penetrate their D
THIS FIELD IS ASS
This shit is out of a movie lmao
that is a legendary football moment right there
Did we sacrifice McSorely for this
"So, let me get this correct: Lamar Jackson returns to the game on an everything-or-nothing fourth down play and ends up throwing a TD pass to Marquise ""My Hands Are Finally Awake"" Brown?

LOL!"
*Frantically deletes all previous posts*
That was Pure SHANE FALCO walks out at halftime heroic shit
We can't get a sack on Mayfield can we?
The way hump just stopped sums up this defence. Just given up
All this money on the defense and they FUCKING SUCK
No heart on the D
"Pulling for you guys. Fuck the steelers, fuck Mayfield.

&#x200B;

^(Go Hawks... :O)"
Mfer better shank this
"I seriously look back at all the hype we got for those D player trades and all this kinda shit and for what, gawdamn nothing to show for it"
Defense is so bad
Just get in the 50 yard tucker zone Lamar. That's all we need. Please.
Kills me we gonna waste those Lamar heroics
Wasted timeout really hurts here smh
That TO feels early but I'm not a coach for a reason
COME ON LAMAR  LETS GO
That play looked dead actually. Kinda handy.
"#THE MAN

#THE MYTH

#THE LEGEND

#THE GOLDEN PIPES

#THE PLATINUM LEG

#THE BEST KICKER IN NFL HISTORY

#JUSTIN MOTHERFUCKING TUCKER"
My team's kicker has ice in his veins. In Tucker we trust
"Top 10, maybe 5 game in Ravens history"
#THATS FUCKING GOLD!!!!!! 😂 😂 😂 😂 9
I’m fucking shaking
I’m emotionally drained my heart can’t take this type of punishment
What the refs didn’t save there drive?
Time to hit em with the 3 and out Greg Roman special.
should've challenged I think that second foot was out
Upvote if you’re hella nervous 😭
Give this defense some Benadryl cause they’re allergic to tackling chubb
Damn that was a walk in. He hit those last year
Is the defense even fucking trying?
What why take a shit in a toilet when you can shit on the browns
I just want to say I love all of you guys. And fuck the Browns
"Haven’t been this anxious pregame since the Titans playoff game. 

I have no worries about Lamar, is everyone else gonna show up for him is the real question."
The Browns play in a toilet bowl
I wish OBJ were still playing so the secondary could shut him down yet again.
Omg guys remember when Cleveland lost their team for like 3 years? 🎻
Llama will lead us amen
fuck the browns must win game
No excuses this has to be a W. Missing the playoffs with what we expected this year cannot happen. If they get there they will make a run
holy fuckin shit they just played a buck allen highlight in the pregame show
did y’all know cleveland has the rock and roll hall of fame?? You didn’t??? Well now here are 432 Rock and Roll Puns.
Do they not remember 38-6?
"Fuck the Browns, let’s bury these bitches"
Dobby gonna run for 100 today. Better be the starter
Please tell me were prepared for the Jarvis qb trick play
Need the refs to call any fucking penalty they have every fucking play.
Please don't let me see a mark ingram 2 yard run up the middle lol
How the fuck is that not an offensive facemask
Here comes Greg Roman trying to be cute and we go 3 n out
A reminder that we receive the least calls in the league but get called for the most penalties 😂😂😂
"I feel like all I use reddit for is to bitch about refs on game threads. But how on earth do they miss that facemask on Peters?

Sidenote: I wish our passing playbook was more like Stefanski's."
"I think half of y'all expect a shutout every game, lmao"
Here we go Greg with this cute shit
Lamar is under center??
"Lamar needs to do that more, get back in that swing of knowing ITS OK FOR YOU TO RUN DUDE, we know you can pass it’s ok to get yards running as well"
Lamar is so good
LAMAR IS MY DAD
Lamar said “I’ll do it myself”
lamar came to play
Lol Lamar blowing a tire on the way to dunk on the crossbar made me lul.
The O-line wasn’t great on that drive but it looked like 2019 Lamar
"now we need to maintain our level of hoes being stunted on, because every play is 11 browns being hoed"
That's gotta be the most people I've seen at a stadium this season. What the fuck are they doing there's still a pandemic
I love how that drive was exactly the kind that'll make Browns fans the maddest. A long DPI then a LJ touchdown. 😂
Orlando Brown might be playing himself out of a affordable extension from us 😂
That was a clean hit. Fuck this pussy ass ref
"How the fuck was that roughing

Is judon supposed to fold his head into his spine or something?"
need harbaugh to yell at the refs again
on the plus side we're getting pressure on baker tonight
"Lamar having fun again, Peters talkin shit...2019 vibes?"
That was as soft a call as the refs. COWARDS! Fuck off....
You ain’t Lamar Baker lmaooo
[deleted]
"They shoved the QB out of bounds, that’s a penalty right?"
"Baker mayfield whirls his arms when he's up, looks for flags when he's down. Biggest fucking bitch in the league"
"I think the jimmy PI was the right call by the rule book, but i think it was pretty weak and shouldn’t have been called"
Humphrey wont make an All Pro team or the Pro Bowl but he's a top 2 cornerback lmao
Haha! Baker has groceries and is locked out haha!
judon is doing good but im not seeing any of yall speak about it
BALL DONT LIE
Held them to NOTHING! Make them pay for that
The Ghost of Billy Cundiff is shining in our favor
Somebody iced the kicker!!! Lolol
ball don’t lie
You dumb bitch
"damn, imagine having literally any kicker that isn't justin tucker"
"#WOMBO COMBO 

#THAT AIN'T TUCKER"
Now lets go get 7
GET THIS MAN CLEATS
"This offense, I swear to Christ."
0 runs
Stanley pls come back
Why we just try to throw all those downs ? Wtf roman
**CHANGE YOUR CLEETS!!!!!**
Fuck this garbage ass O-Line too
"Lamar ""Slippy Boi"" Jackson"
"I forgot about our 12th offensive starter, I. Formation from Fiveyard university"
Seems like the Browns strategy is to whine incessantly on every bad play asking for a penalty.
Fire him.
Was that “Reality Football” play calling? 🤡
I really don’t understand why you throw 3 times with this backup offensive line pass blocking. Ugh
"Instead of the screen to Snead, Gus had a big whole for a run.  I don't know WTF we're doing out there."
"Greg Roman: has a dominant run game, no success throwing it so far, calls 3 straight pass plays.

Fire this fucking clown."
"Fuck off lol, every damn play is a flag"
Fuck these god damn refs.
Motherfuck these refs and motherfuck Greg Roman.
Lamar gets 31 yrds running on one drive then we decide to throw 3 times. Cleveland must love Greg Roman
"""cool"" backstory... No that's a fucked up backstory"
Omg... no flag for fucking one
Marlon is so good. He and JK dobbins are the main reason i love watching this team.
"Browns do something good = browns are amazing
Ravens do something good = browns really had a miscue there"
Good fake Proche lol
Smart no catch on that punt
Very smart move and fake out by the returner there. Love that type of smart extra play.
Wink be carrying so hard Roman should give him his weekly paycheck
Defense woke up?
*i gOt PoPeyEyEyEyEyS*
Veteran move from Proche
Can we ^^^run ^^^the ^^^ball ^^^please
Marlon Humphrey is amazing.
"Roman please 

I beg you"
Steve levy is a terrible commentator. Dude isn't even watching and makes retarded remarks. I swear these refs and announcers just want to talk while they have a platform
This JK guy isn't bad huh
Cleveland field is trash.
"This field is utter garbage. Jesus Christ, Browns"
Can I get a hell yea for Art Modell
"Shocker, Baker sucks at field maintenance too."
"JK isn't making as much noise as he deserves because he's running in a comittee this year. But he clearly looks like the best rookie back of this class. He's 4th in the league in yards per attempt, behind only Lamar, Chubb, and Murray."
"Wow Greg, look what happens when you actually utilize the backs and Lamar's legs properly....

You get results."
Maybe 4 passing yards but on pace for like 200 rushing yards. See if I care
Omg I love that hug
Ahhh fuck that was gonna be a TD
That hug just shows the respect and love Harbaugh and Lamar have for each other
🚌🚌🚌🚌🚌🚌🚌
BALL DONT LIE HELMET BEATING ASS CRUSTY ASS FIELD LOOKIN INSURANCE SALESMAN ASS BITCHES
The effort to keep your body off the ground that long is insane Mr. Bus
"Fuck off, it’s not short."
#GUS BUS ❤️
Bus and Dobby 2021 let's go
GUS BUS HAS NO BRAKES BABY
This is a great example why this team should never truly abandon the run. We chunk run plays like other teams chunk pass plays
Time for one of these forced fumbles to go our way
"BIG D, NO LITTLE D"
The halftime adjustment needs to be to play fucking man coverage.  This isn’t on the defense they were asked to play man all season and now they are expected to make the switch with no issues.  Wink’s worst called game so far.
"Why does our defense suck so much? Like, I am never confident in third down. It’s like they set us up with the first two bullshit plays and then just throw at will"
Can we stop playing zone?
That was too easy for Chubb.
Thats on LJ Fort
Aside from some bullshit penalties this has been a good game of football.
"Fucking too easy man 

It’s ok tho we got this"
"So many runs that just go untouched up the middle so much for that investment into the front 7, still looks like the same shit from 2019 playoff game"
Jarvis Landry with a big hold on Chuck Clark
"We gotta answer it, plenty of time. Can’t go into the half without another score."
Lets double dip!
Get Lamar new cleats at the half PLEASE
Can baker slip for us at least once.
Cleveland had their sprinklers on all day. They know it's hard for a QB to scramble on a wet field
It’s always something new with this fucking team man
CHANGE THOSE FUCKING CLEATS AT HALFTIME
Runs on 2nd and 21 should be a fire able offense here.
fire the equipment manager.
"We need a passing OC to take us to the next level idc, running is cool but you can’t win a SB this one dimensional"
Is there a rule against changing your cleats in the middle of a game or something? How is nobody doing it?
I hate Greg Roman
2nd and 21 and we basically give up
This play calling is garbage cleats or no cleats
Someone’s getting fired for choice of cleats lol
Ohio - even the grass fucking sucks
It’s 14-14. Our QB has thrown the ball for 14 yards. I’m gonna drink
the Browns prioritized their offensive line this offseason and we didn't. You can see the difference in the records and the passing metrics.
WTF! Why not change cleats? How many more times will Lamar slip and slide?
Fire Greg Roman
Browns have an elf under the field rubbing oil on Lamar’s cleats
**CLEATGATE**
G-Ro is looking for a new job tomorrow right?
"I know our WRs suck but man do I hate Roman's fucking scheming so much. 

Even with bad WRs he should still be able to scheme them open at least once in a while. 

But no, every damn play they're all fucking blanketed and Lamar has to run for his life and be called a running back because NOBODY CAN FUCKING GET OPEN. 

Fuck GREG Roman. Sincerely."
Whyyyyyyyyyyyy did he not change studs/cleats after those first two slips??? That makes zero sense. How did no one on the bench make him change? Also running it on 2nd and 21 AND 3rd and 19? nice.
"Lol Jimmy is one of the top rated corners this season, sure attack him"
"Wow, a flag that *wasn't* on us."
"Wait, they are allowed to throw the yellow things against Cleveland?"
What’s with not showing penalty replays?
Get fucked! Huge yardage loss on those two flags
Jimmy Smith is a #1 corner on A LOT of teams
EAT A BAG OF DICKS BAKER!!!
"These commentators are so annoying, even when the Browns do something shitty they flip into a positive. When did the TV start to suck on their dicks so much"
Gotta get at least a FG
cmon lets get a score here with 69 seconds left (nice btw)
"Early nominee for blame of the game:

This guy...
https://s3-prod.adage.com/inline-images/2008_QPRG1141000H%20Baker%20Mayfield%20Prepares%20for%20Rain_30_Screenshot%205%20-%20kaelyn%20harris-vincent.png"
I can't be the only that doesn't like Mayfield.
*Soulja has left the chat*
#BIG DICK LAMAR
"#”LaMaR cAn’T tHroW”

Stfu that play was incredible"
I swear we get big plays when it’s unscripted fuck you Greg
“I’ll do it myself”-lamar
Lamar single handedly carrying this offense tonight
low key that throw to the wall and catch & drop kick was dope celebration
When Lamar has a rough drive later in the game I want y’all haters here to remember he is nearly 100% responsible for 14 of our points.
We get ball back after halftime right?
"Mark Andrew's isnt a security blanket, hes the only motherfucker who'll actually fucking catch the ball"
Brown is a fucking bum. Catch first then run ti twitter with your butter hands mf
GIVE MY MAN A RECEIVER. HE NEEDS HELP
Lamar might have 200 yards rushing already if he started in these cleats lololol
This pressure HAS to turn into at LEAST one sack right?
Jesus ANOTHER completion by Mayfield to the Browns grass. Can someone please COVER THE GRASS?!?
wE nEeD a NeW qB
This pass rush is the best I've seen in a while from the Ravens. I love it.
Big play by Marcus to keep him in bounds!
Just like our season chuck Clark knows to well only person who could hurt us is ourselves
I thought chuck was our smartest player? Lol
"#CLARK

#BRUH."
lamar's rushing stats looking real good
"Dear ESPN, please get your stream fixed and more reliable. 

Wait, I mean, DISNEY. Invest some of that money into your sports streams."
RUN THE ROCK!!!!
Pound the fucking rock opening drive
"Run the Ball

Change the Cleats

Rack up points

-- > **YOU ARE HERE**

get cute with stunt passes and go three and out for a whole quarter

toss INT

lose"
"Word to the wise, watch the game with the sound off when it’s ESPN. The absolute worst"
Dem coke whites doe... Good shit bout to happen\~
"""Marquis Brown *finally* hangs onto one""

oh man he is wrecked"
Lol “Marquise Brown finally holds onto one” even the announcers are taking a dig at him
#GUS PLEASE HIT ME MORE
Most electric runner in the game by far...he is like gale sayers
Mcsorely fans Will have to wait even longer now boo hooooo
Usually you run to take time off the clock... but that works too
Lamar put this shit on your back
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LAMARS LOOSE!
Thank you God in NFL heaven for Lamar's new cleats.
Honestly lets not even throw a single pass for the rest of the game
Time to force Mayfield into mistakes now.  Let’s fucking go
And I feel God in this Chili’s tonight
ez walk in
GUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"honk honk, motherfuckers"
Does anyone here have any actual proof that Cleveland is even a real place?
HEY ROMAN SEE HOW POUNDING THE ROCK ACTUALLY WORKS YOU FUCKING DIPSHIT
Gus Edwards with the shake!
DOUBLE DECKER GUS BUS BB
"LOVE WATCHING THE BROWNS FORUM ON REDDIT COLLAPSE. DRINK THEIR TEARS MY FRIENDS, DRINK THEM"
#WE UP 2 SCORES NOW LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Cleveland was the 6th rushing defense before this week? Did they actually face any real rushing teams? (Week 1 doesn’t count since Lamar went nuclear on the air.)
We seeing last season Lamar again
"The last cut Lamar made on that long run was next level. He isn’t looking at the guy who is barely in his field of vision, but he somehow knows he is there, jukes him and picks up another 10 yards."
Ground n Pound....f these bitches!
FUCKING STOMP ON THEIR THROATS
I love Lamar the fucking wheels he has is just ridiculous
If we run 80% of the time we will never lose
Baker completes 80% of his passes on bootleg dump offs.
Media was hyping tf outta this Browns team 😂😂
Id love to see Yannick get a T Sizzle strip sack
"Well shit, we can’t just let them go down and score a touchdown."
Madboogie looks like a future star
Challenge
"Hate how they didn’t challenge that, he was out of bounds."
Hey....lamar? Can you maybe do us another favor? Working short again tonight and could use some help
Commentators trying to gaslight us into thinking he was in bounds. Nah.
Defense folded like a fucking lawn chair. Come on guys
3 rushing TDs they just ran down our fucking throats. I fucking hate this soft ass defense. Bunch of wankers.
WHY THE FUCK DIDN'T WE CHALLENGE THAT
The ghost of Billy Cundiff has blessed us yet again. Praise be
It was one foot in man how you not challange that
"Well, this is unlike the rest of the season, Defense is playing weak as hell.

Lamar needs to step up again like he has been this game"
[deleted]
Was hunt out am I going insane
"Defense is just giving them what they want. Want one of the best receiving RBs one on one with a slow LB? No problem, there you go."
Has our defense responded to a lead with a stop at all this season
"Just so everyone knows, defense isn’t spelled spelled defence despite the sign at the stadium."
"I hate how Queen doesn't play aggressive, in college if there was a hole he would launch himself right through it. Now he waits and misses a tackle or is out of position."
Kareem hunt the woman beater
Dudes a scumbag and so is Tyreek Hill both woman beaters...
"Boykin > Brown

Change my mind"
Mandrews catches in triple coverage but drops when he’s open guy is an enigma
Hollywood plays like he doesn’t give a shit.
commentators so salty everytime lamar hits a throw
How the fuck does a center false start... The hell?
"""fuck it, Andrews is down there somewhere"""
fuck he was open too
"That right there is where he needs to improve. I have faith that he will but man, we needed one of those."
"That wide open miss is why we can’t beat elite teams in the playoffs. He’s regressed as a passer, I’m sorry."
Lamar needs to go see a QB specialist this off season. Missing passes like that don't earn you $150m+ contracts
#LETS FUCKING GO KING KOOPA
Bowser getting all of Judon’s money this off-season
#KOCH WITH THE TACKLE
Here it goes!!! Harbaugh the ST coach!
Tyus bowser is a beast
The classic Ravens defensive draftee doing nothing til their contract year 💯
"It feels reactionary now to post this because we didn't even get the extra point, but I said we should go for 2 before we even tried the kick.  Try to make it a 16 point game, make them get 2 two poing conversions.  Then again if you make the kick they still have to make 1 two point conversion. I dunno.  Sucks about the block though,  ugh."
"A blocked extra point...?

This game is ridiculous."
Still 6 more points on the board it’s all good fellas
Harbs always have these guys prepared at the right time. And ppl still want to fire him lol
VERY nice edge set yannick
Davante Harris kind a looks like Ladarius webb
4th and 4 and we’re 15 yards off the ball?
Baker loves fucking whining for calls
4th and 4 and far off coverage ? I don’t get some of these shit defensive calls
We're allergic to sacks
"LMFAO Browns desperate as fuck.

Going for it on 4th & medium from their own side of the field, going for surprise Hail Maries and challenging the number of men on the field.

I'm gonna laugh so fucking hard if we get a turnover."
john needs to call a TO there if the defense can't get off the field
How do you not call a timeout for your d on 4th and 4
15 YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING ME
We are shooting ourselves in the foot in so many ways on defense
We cant let them on 4th downs like that
Drink every time someone says we shot ourselves in the foot
Wish we had that extra point...
I’m just glad the political commercials are gone. I live in Georgia and oh my god
Lamar had to take a shit
Lamar's gonna come back on the field lighter and faster.
"4th down.



Time to play 10 yards off and give it up again"
Lamar about to come back from that shit a lil bit faster
Man wtf is this defense doing
Is Lamar shitting or is it the defense?
Get off the field Peters every big play you make there is another big mistake.
If Peters is down this D is fucked.
i hope Peters is ok. we kind of need him even if he has his foibles.
"Knew 100% as soon as he threw there would be someone wide fucking open, how is this defense so bad on 4th"
A Raven was clearly held and Peters got hurt. This one is not really on the D
Good god there's some sensationalist people in here.
Only the Ravens are this unlucky
These commentators want the Browns to win so bad
Defense is going to lose us this game for sure.
Ok now I'm scared
This is fucked. Turns out you cant run your QB for 1000 yards.
Lamar got them COVID shits
Don’t worry Trace McSorley will throw it on a dime.
Took a big ol dookie
"Lamar hurt, Peters hurt, Jimmy Smith hurt. Nice."
Meme aside we ain’t winning this shit with trace lmao
Hollywood why why why why why
COME THE FUCK ON HOLLYWOOD
Fuck you soulja
Like cramps? How much luckier can the Browns get
Marquise Brown is complete garbage.
That’s it. I am so effing done with Hollywood
Trace doesn't deserve this
missing : hollywood browns hands
Hollywood is a fucking piece of shit. Seriously he can go fuck himself what a god damn moron.
FUCK YOU MARQUISE
Whats the point of having soldiers if they DROP THE FUCKIN BALL EVERY TIME ITS THROWN IN THEIR DIRECTION
FUCKING HOLLYWOOD YOU AIN'T NO SOULJA
"Fuck Brown. He’s absolute garbage, drops 24/7."
fucking cut marquise absolute bust
BUST
Souljahs ain’t no use if they can’t catch the ball
CAMP FUCKING BODY. GET HIM THE FUCK OFF THIS ROSTER
"Bench him, dead ass serious. Idc if we don't have any other receivers, bench him."
Fuck you hollywood
Hollywood just might have cost us the game.
I’d rather Perriman over brown
Bench marquise. I don't fucking understand. Why are we targetting him
What is Brown doing dropping all these?! Unbelievable.
Holy fuck Hollywood
This FO needs to say fuck it and sign whichever elite WR hits the market or trade for one because we can’t draft WRs for fucking shit.
Yo fuck this dude. Bench him.  Put him on the practice squad. Humble his ass this shit is fucking inexcusable
TRACE PUT A PERFECT FUCKING BALL IN YOUR HANDS AND YOU DROP IT?!? Fuck you brown!
"I'm over Hollywood. Embarrassing performance.

Stay the fuck off Twitter, stop whining about your usage and do your job better."
"The Brown hype train has been robbed, derailed and blown up lol"
"Could've had DK or AJ Brown but nope we got this ""Soulja"""
Baker is such a fucking crybaby
I hate Marquise. I hate him so much.
Does anyone know if when we drafted Marquise if hands were included in the deal? Or where they extra?
If someone can find a play where baker didn't ask for a flag I'll give you $100
I don't like this. It's like they are giving up.
I hope brown gets fucking torched on twitter for his big ass mouth. Bum ass mf!
lamar must have the runs god damn boy
34 points not enough to win against the Browns. 2020 ravens football
Soulja boy drop em
Lamar had to shit
The entire offensive coaching staff needs to be leveled this offseason. We need to develop receivers and the passing game more and this staff obviously can't do it.
Just once. Just one fucking time I’d like to lose a game where we didn’t beat ourselves.
5 yards a fucking play. This sucks
"cant believe i really have to listen to them drool over THE BROWNS

2020 is a bad acid trip"
"Could’ve had DK, AJ brown, or Mecole Hardman"
How long is this game? Still 10 min left
I got soul but I'm not a soulja
"Honestly we have no one to blame but ourselves. We choked so many god damn games this year, and now this fucking piss take of a game. Im fucking livid."
Yeah the defense is cooked
I guess holding is legal on this drive
without lamar we're for sure one of the worst teams in the league
411 yards from the Browns. Embarrassing
Embarrassing. Fucking embarrassing
What in the fuck happened man
Please Lamar
"This team really doesn’t deserve the playoffs, at very least the defense doesn’t. So much talent being wasted."
Our season ends on Lamar cramps how classic
Just handoff to Jk and Gus. Milk clock. Win on JT FG
I’d take 4 receivers on the Steelers over Hollywood
"Offense has had leads against Pitt, Tenn, and now this Browns team. 

At some point when the offense has the lead in the 4th the defense needs to make a stop. Have we made a stop to win a game this year?"
"Fuck our defense. Two fourteen point leads. They've been hot fucking garbage, when we need them the most."
I believe Ravens would win if Lamar didnt have the cramps
Snead is a fucking G dude
"This season is honestly deserved. We have so many glaring holes that compounded with other factors (injuries, covid). 

We need a real reset on some major positions of importance: OLB, wr and offensive line"
Get a long slow drive and kick a game winning FG! I just hope Lamar is ok.
Trent Dilfer still doing MNF? Can he play?
This isn't just cramps. Makes no sense
Can't say anything about Lamar.  Probably still covid complications.
LETS GO J... K... DOBBINS
WHY THE FUCK WOULD CALL AN OPTION YOU DUMBASS ROMAN
They run a damn QB run every single 3rd and short
What is this timeline
LOL what a fucking play on 3rd and 2.
So Lamar is only coming back because Trace is hurt? What the hell is this? Again. It’s the season
This is the SHIT legends are made of
Is that Lamar's music?!?
Lamar returns to the shittiest situation literally
Dam did this shit just turn into the wwe
Oh watch out watch out. Coming out the tunnel with the steel chair Lamar Jackson
"Don't care if its a cramp or not, im scared for lamar"
Field has fucking pam sprayed all over the field
lmao LAMAR WITH THE STEEL CHAIR FUCKING LOL
How do you not give that to Gus Right up the fucking middle
ESPN YOU PICKED THE WORST TIME FOR A COMMERCIAL
WHO IS THAT!?  Is that...LAMMAAAAAAR JAACKKSOOOONNN!!!!
Honestly part of me wanted to see Koch line up
"Hey Cleveland...

#LAMAR'S COMING!!!

(Fuck, McSorley, be ok)"
"This fourth quarter has been dramatic to the extreme, like, if I wrote this as a screenplay for a sports movie, someone would tell me this was over the top."
"I trust Tucker from anywhere under 60, but this field obviously sucks."
"Movie plot: QB leaves game with lead to poop, teams loses lead, QB finishes pooping and heroically leads team to victory."
#HE GOT HIS HEAD OUT OF HIS ASS FINALLY!!!
HOLY FUCK THAT WAS BALLSY
Lamar left the game to poop but hollywood just has shit hands. Glad he caught it though
This the cheesiest football movie I ever seen
Fuck all of you negative assholes. Lamar with the chair
DEFENSE DO NOT FUCK THIS UP
Fire this defense from a cannon
"Jimmy smith out with a groin, put that on harbaugh’s gravestone"
Lol my god this is one of the worst defensive efforts I’ve seen
One fucking stop is all we needed all game. One GODDAMN stop
Offense finally gets a good game and our defense decides it’s done for the season
This defense can't hang in the playoffs with anyone
"As a neutral fan this would be a damn good game. As a Browns hater, its agonizing though."
We could get a game winning FG with 1 minute left if we get it somehow
Get down the field and get a field goal
Bunch of pussies on defense
In Tucker we trust.
Ray Lewis would be screaming right now holy shit. So many talent on this defense but bunch of pussies at the same time.
"This has Tucker game winner written all over it...

pls Tucker help us"
"49 seconds to drive the entire field. Our defense is just so bad. They have 0 conditioning, corners play 10 yards off the ball, we have 0 pass rush when we don’t blitz. 

It’s embarrassing"
How much money do we have invested in this dogshit defense lmao. Offense is getting paid pennies compared to the defense while they put up 40 and the defense gives up 40
No matter what happens this game is not on Lamar.
MANDREWS!!!
Sucks all of this has to fall on Jackson’s shoulders. This game should have ended seamlessly when we were up by 2 scores.
What a week to stop sniffing glue
i wish i could push a button and send all 3 announcers into a dunk tank
"THATS A FULL GROWN FUCKING MAN, LOVE YOU ANDREWS"
BIG COCK TUCK
This game was F'N Amazing
I’m literally shaking omg
"""There were a whole lot of heroes tonight in White and Purple."" 

YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT."
And it ends on the weirdest safety I've ever seen in my life what the hell even happened tonight
LMAO!
That's the way. Run up the score
One of the most riveting games in recent memory
One of the best Ravens games I have ever seen
"WIN THE FUCK OUT AND HOPE FOR A DOLPHINS, COLTS, OR BROWNS LOSS

WE GOT THIS SHIT"
"That went on too damn long. 

Also, that defense owes that offense dinner for the rest of the damn season."
"HOLY SHIT WE GOT A SAFETY LOL.  


goddamn i got hypertension now"
This shit took guts man. The offense is fucking back dawg let's go!!!
What a fucking ride! Lamar can throw is what I take from this. Wow! I got my money worth tonight
One of the best games I've ever seen
This was the best football I've seen in a while
"The fact Baker and Lamar didn’t have masks on, hugged THEN put the mask on is hilarious to me."
Was mark ingram a healthy scratch?
This team is literally incapable of playing complementary football lol
"disgraceful defensive performance. if suggs, lewis, or reed were still here they'd be on their asses rn"
Think about it. This defense practices against Lamar. And they still let Baker fucking run it in on em. I'm fucking sick.
WATCH THE PLAY AGAIN. HUNT WAS CLEARLY IN BOUNDS. STOP WHINING!
Ok. So they can’t stop us on defense. Our D just needs to wake the fuck up.
Good half. Now put together a whole game and we can run with anybody
I can't understand anything this announcers say with all that Browns cock in their mouth.
Imagine risking catching a deadly fucking virus in the middle of a pandemic to watch your team get dad dicked by their Rivals.
Pathetic showing by the defense
"Did I miss something, or was his second foot obviously out of bounds?"
"He was in, glad Harbaugh didn’t challenge."
Such a good route. That miss by lamar could really hurt us.
Those were two TERRIBLE throws. Good Lord.
Can these announcers stop sucking baker off? He made a bad read
How do you not play press on that 4th and 4..with a wildly inaccurate qb
"This defence is just blowing it so hard, 27 points against the fucking browns. Is that their 3rd 4th down conversion"
🤬😤😳🤭😬😑🤗 Collected emotions from both fanbase tonight during and after the game.
I hope we light up their secondary.  It's their big weakness
"Give Lamar insurance commercials, ya cowards"
Fuck Cleveland and their shit team
Wink Martindale is so cool.
Damn EDC sign booger to the roster
I’m worried about Calais I hope he doesn’t aggravate his leg
"Have faith, have truss, we will prevail"
"Two biggest points for tonight

1. Defense MUST WRAP UP WHEN TACKLING!!!! 

2.  Corners need to STOP giving receivers 10 YDS of cushion!!!

These minor tweaks will be the game changers for us! 

LET'S GO FLOCK!!!!"
I love every single one of you! Let’s do this 😈
20 years and the ravens can’t defend a screen
Screen plays are our fucking kryptonite
how do we seem to get burned on screens almost every single time
Screens working is what happens when you are a blitz happy defense. Which happens when you don’t have a quality front four rush.
Jesus our defense is already fucking up
Marlon forced another fumble
And another wtf. 2 ffs and no recoveries
Season really comes down to this game.  Not feeling so hot
Lmao dumbass refs again not calling clear penalties
Defense lol
"Meh, screens and gimmick plays lol."
Defense just got toasted
Our line is soft
Stay positive boys this ain't the browns team we're used to
Stefanski is a master of first drive playcalling. Relax everyone
So many Debbie downers
"lets look at the positives, we've made every tackle we should of + 2 fumbles already.

the negatives: our lbs are playing like shit, our dline is getting no push/pressure and we are playing too much zone"
You can't run those kinds of tricks with this line.
Lol that looked like it was never even practiced before. Not very smooth.
Keep it simple and run the ball tonight please.
Holding.... DEFENSE?!?! I AM SHOCKED
Are we playing on a hockey rink? Why so much slipping?
Holy shit.. a holding call in our favor?
ARE YOU KIDDING?
Come on man. These mistakes can't happen.
That would be unessacary roughness if we flipped a guy like that
Haha what a ridiculous decision that DPI was.  One of the most obvious you'll ever see.
Hollywood's drawn two penalties already
Lamar needs longer spikes or something.  Hes scaring me with this slipping
"Dogshit city, dogshit field"
Someone's gonna get hurt on that field
Another slip??!! Get some better cleats
Lj needs some new cleats or he's going to blow out his leg
These commentators give me fucking aids
Is their field made of bacon grease?
These announcer jinxes are so lame. Find something interesting to talk about. So lazy.
We’d be nothing without Lamar
Lamar Jackson is our entire offense. It's unbelievable.
Lamar looking good today
PUT THE TEAM ON HIS BACK
FUCK YES
LETS GOOO
TRUZZ BABY WE THE DEFENDING CHAMPS THATS THE DEFENDING MVP LFG
Mandrews !!!
Lamar was about to get fined if he dunked on the post 😂😂
Orlando Brown is a giant among giants
I swear whoever made these graphics ate all the shrooms
Clark that was so fucking stupid
That Judon hit was clean. Bush league call
So we can’t sack a QB now? Got it
That’s one of the worst calls I’ve seen in a while
How the fuck is it roughing if he still had the ball??
How is that a tough call? Flag qbs for lowering their head then
THAT IS OUR FUCKING BALL
It’s tough to watch games like this where the refs decide to influence the game.
Harsh call on judon
"Unreal series by the ref. The fumble is meh, looked like he got it, the judon call can fuvk right off"
"Shove that ""roughing the passer"" call up your asses refs."
Zebras gotta have their virtue signaling underdog story
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME......
Are you kidding me??????? Are you kidding. These refs need to be fired. He barely touched him. Quit treating the browns like Tom Brady
Ref ball
REF BALL
These refs are actually braindead
Such a weak ass dpi
# FUCK THIS
FUCKING RIGGED. POOR NFL CAN'T HAVE BABY BAKER MAKE ANY MISTAKES. FUCKING RIGGED.
WHAT THE FUCK
So fucking bullshit
"Weak
Ass
Calls"
Fuck that PI call bullshit!
These refs better get their shit together this is unwatchable
That call was bogus
"That was a horrendous call on Jimmy, then Marcus lines up a yard offsides and they don’t call it!?"
Refball
I’m beginning to wonder if the NFL Refree benefits has vision cause these refs could definitely use it.
we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot
why do the refs always hate us what did we do????
Harbaugh must've fucked this man's wife or something idk
Damn should have lit him up there
Going on 4th and 8?
"""we're gonna go 4 downs and go at 3-6"" anybody else hear that???"
Please go for it
They are banking on us getting a penalty by going for it on 4th after those last few attempts.
I love how the browns know they gotta stay up on us they scared
Lol everyone knew they weren't gonna go for it there
"Judon could've been penalized there, glad he didn't though."
Does stefanski think he’s edgy or something
these pussy PI calls getting outta hand😂 not to mention the phantom roughing call
undeserved points
HAHAHA Fuck you Parkey
Shocked the refs didn’t call that good
#YOU AINT TUCK GTFO
Imagine your kicking missing from under 40 lmao glad that aint us /s
"LMFAO WHAT YOU DESERVE.

GO CRY FOR MORE FUCKIN FLAGS."
**BALL DONT FUCKING LIE BABY**
BALL DON'T LIE
BALL NEVER LIES
Shoulda went for it lul
WHAT IS THIS SHIT STAIN OFFENSE
Can we get Lamar some new cleats
Right on schedule... an illegal motion.
Pass pass pass punt. What a FUCKING JOKE
Shit play calls lamar needs to change his cleats
"Horrible playcalls, we can never capitalize. This type of shit is all Greg Roman"
Thats the third time he slips. Wtf
What’s the deal with his back foot slipping
Get him some deeper cleats!
"Good calls Roman, truly nice well designed plays"
What the fuck are these passing concepts? It’s just shallow crosses that are perfectly covered everywhere
At least the first of our 3 illegal shift/formation penalties came at an inconsequential time
dude this field is gonna kill him
Greg Roman needs to go. Not a single run called. Wtf was that?
They only rushed 4 all 3 times and got massive pressure
What is with this turf? Lamar is slipping everywhere
"Also 

Fuck Greg Roman"
"Fucking garbage. That first fucking play pissed me the fuck off. Fake a handoff, sling it to Snead. Even if he caught it, all that work for 2 fucking yards... WTF."
Lamar needs to change his shoes.
Tyre Phillips is a fuckin turnstile
Lamars gotta get rid of the ball.
"This is exactly what we knew would happen.  Have a great drive on the ground, then immediately have a 3 and put calling 3 pass plays"
Please change your fucking clears llama
Why is illegal motion not a dead ball foul? Currently it just creates a free play for the defense.
-6 pass yards geez
"Browns screeching for a holding flag during the punt.. screeching for contact on fair catch..

They're trying to exploit our biggest weakness..shitty refs"
Flags flags flags flags.......
Shoot this ref into the fucking sun
We gotta be one of the most undisciplined teams in the league
These calls are just fucking ridiculous
3 players in motion WTF
Looks like we're playing the refs again tonight
I think Roman has sold the season
Greg’s getting bailed out he’s gonna fuck us again tho
He could have ran for a first. What a fucking moron.
He fucking launched at that guy 5 yards away lmao
Lets thank our lord Moneyman Marlo
Roman please run the god damn ball.
Good job on that fake fair catch!!
PROCHE MVP
Great play by Proche underrated returner
Proche lovely
That was smooth as fuck
Now because Roman fucked it up with 3 passes he loses opportunity to mix it up and you can almost guarantee this first play is a run
Myles Garrett as Walter Payton MOTY lol
DOBBINS GOIN TA WERK
Freeeeeeee Dobbins!!
Dobbins literally looks at the football and gets a 1st I love this guy
When the best guy on the browns is someone who assaulted someone.... Lot of character in the building
these announcers sucking off garrett even tho he could’ve killed someone last year lmao
This field is fucking trash
What is this trash ass field
Lamar needs to change his cleats at Halftime
Wtf is wrong with this trash ass field
This fucking turf.
Can we assume they somehow slicked the field to gain an advantage against our run game?
They greased the Ravens cleats. BUTTERGATE
Hate to see Garret hurt. He's a beast.
I hope Myles is ok.
don't get cute roman KEEP RUNNING ITS WORKING
We tryna make sure they the worst running D in the league.
This is such a good drive. Gotta pound it in for 7.
The hug worked!!!
"There you go baby, fuck the Browns"
"Don't give up on the run

Don't go full Trestman"
Keep running it until they can stop it
"That was a sexy drive. 

More of those, please."
Don’t stand in the way when the Gus Bus is coming down the road.
Fuck yeah. Now let’s get a fucking stop on D
Hey looks like it’s a good thing when we run? Imagine that!
The forward pass was a mistake
If we don’t stop running imma go off
I smell a Peters pick 6.
Just run the damn ball with mixed in PA and crossing routes to Snead and Duvernay please
[deleted]
Once Lamar improves his passing and we get him some receivers we’re going to be the best offense of all time
Garrett look high asf 😂
hahah JK legs go brrr
Campbell with the pressure
Why do we ever touch zone?
Can we play man? I hate zone somebody always open
Elliot fucked up
WHY ZONE
Oh you're doing well in man? Go zone and play your safeties close to LoS
Terrible defense
Anyone know why there are so many fans there? Like didn’t they need special dispensation for this game to begin with? Isn’t there a curfew?
This defense is a unique combination of undisciplined and soft
We’re playing them great they ain’t running the ball to well. We’re forcing baker to beat us and he’s doing exactly that..
"Lamar is 2 for 3 with 4 minutes ‘til half, and honestly, I’m good with it."
Can we bring back the practice squad DL?
Why does it feel like that happens every other game now?
I hate how our highest paid players are on defense and all and every blame for everything goes on Lamar. Not right man.
"I really wish this thread was more level headed. The browns are a good team and they scored.... To tie the game.

We get the ball back before half and have the ball after half. We're still in a good position against a strong opponent"
Shoegate    👀
What in the holy goddamn fuck is with the goddamn slipping. What the fuck.
Tyre Phillips is a god damn turnstile
throw the ball away holy shit
Wow pathetic. Don't even want to try for a first down
This is how we lose games.
"Cool, thanks for trying, Roman"
WTF let lamar throw deep!
Why tf would you hand it off to justice hill on a 3rd and 19
What a controversial week to be a football cleat
Dope 4 minute  offense
Fire him.
Fuck Greg Roman and those damn cleats
"Hmm throw on first down, then run on 2nd and 3rd and long, interesting"
Also why justice hill is always on the field every 3rd down?
I feel like I've watched about 4 hours of ads
"joker does one thing great, and its laying the wood"
Equipment manager making a quick run to Wal-mart to get some cleats
Hey a penalty on the browns
ESPN can't show the pick route? Wtf?
GO SHIT DEFENSE! WAY TO HOLD EM!
Go up 7 then go back up 7 after half come on
Let’s get some points!
"The officiating isn’t great, but at least it’s even."
Plenty of time. 2 timeouts and 1 minute. Who got the ball to start? I tuned in late
"On the one hand I obviously want a TD, on the other, I wouldn’t be upset watching Tucker nail a 55+ yard FG."
FG here isn't bad
God damn these long ass commercial breaks
Did the announcers just blame Lake Erie? Lol
Alright let's get Tuck in position here boys. Tack on some more points before the half
DAMN IT HOLLYWOOD
Soulja playing like a fraud
"We ain’t beating the chiefs anyhow.  Man, this fucking offense"
"Ctrl+F soulja: 25 results

Never fails lmao"
Hollywood lookin like a bust
I WAS ABOUT TO SAY WHY THE FUCK ARE WE NOT USING ANDREWS TONIGHT
Mark Andrews WR1
"best celebration ever, stunning skill"
Did we get some new cleats?
"Cleats: changed 
Offense: on"
"#FUCK YEAH

#WE GET THE BALL BACK AT HALF TOO"
"ESPN: Ravens so one dimensional.    
ESPN: Ravens greatest offense ever."
Thank you lamar and mandrews for picking up that shit from soulja
Mark Andrews highlight reel but it’s only plays right before the first half ends and only against Cleveland
That's my quarterback
Unnecessary roughness on Hollywood by the announcer
We are like a half second away from a strip sack. It’s coming
Can’t give that shit up. Can’t allow points here.
"“Be you, Be you, and I’ll destroy it”"
Watching the playback tape it's not like plays aren't downfield but I genuinely feel this man Lamar does NOT feel his guys can make a contested play and for good ass reason.
Imagine this team with an actual receiving core worthy of even starting for a college team
ESPN stream dogshit
Peters with a physical tackle ruining their chance at a FG?! Okay Marcus
Nice to see some heat and pressure from the dline
"Poor ngakoue, man is so close every play...."
"Serious question... when was the last time we had a sack? I feel like it’s been weeks, no joke

Edit: ok one last week. So besides tonight’s grounding call that’s 1 sack in the last 2.5 games"
Ouch Chuck... lmfao
He need some milk lmao
"Whelp, Chuck Clark's nickname is now George of the Jungle."
"Walk it off, Chuck."
It was the sound effect that he made that killed me I was concerned until I seen him jog off
My heart just dropped that could’ve been really bad
"Need a score coming out of the half badly. This team LOVES to give up leads.

And god, Brown sucks."
lmao they were clowning clark in the walk to the locker room
"Reminds me of when the Other Maryland Team lost their QB for the season because after a TD, he **HEADBUTTED A WALL** and injured his back.

EDIT: Gus Frerotte

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmqG0k3hGPM"
What does this team need to find some magic back in the passing game?
Need to come out at half and stomp on their throats.
they still use this old ass music for the espn halftime show lol
This has been the best Browns Ravens game since Baker Lamar
Roman I hate you so much.
"#OH

#LORT

#44 YARD KEEPER"
the mans a menace
Lamar taking over.
Jesus christ Lamar
#HOLY FUCKING SHIT LLAMA MVP
THEM NEW CLEATS THO
"Was prepared for the ""he is houdini!"" right there

Great to have you back MVP Lamar"
Been awhile since Lamar has broken someone’s ankles!
Let's goo!!! Gus Bus TD!!!
We 100% own these clowns. 44-7 was the biggest fluke
I love Lamar so much. Holy fuck.
Gus 2 smooth wit it
EXTEND GUS EDWARDS NOW
It’s the shoes.
LJ YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD!!!!!
Baltimore “Navy Football” Ravens
Lets stop em and get another one
LMAOOOOOOOO CLEVELAND BROWNS SHIT ON
EASY MONEY
"Idk why Lamar Jackson stopped running earlier this year, but this is what happens when he USN afraid to scramble.."
Are we gonna see another baker mayfield unraveling??😂😂
Master gave dobby shoes!!!
WERE RUNNING ALL THE WAY TO THE SB TRUZZZZZZZ
THE MAGIC GUS BUS
time for a baker signature interception. let’s put these clowns away.
Really important for the defense to keep the momentum going. Can’t let it be a two score game for just one drive.
This is the Lamar Jackson this team needs. Cut that man loose and nobody will stop him.
I’m smelling another fumble by fruit punch da gawd
Lamar said “hold my cleats”👟👟🏃‍♂️💨💨
"Now defense, play what your salary actually is."
Great pass Baker!
"Ravens have more rushing yards this week than last week? At 198 right now, had 296 last week"
"Please please please Defense, don't shit the fucking bed."
I love this team when we’re somewhat healthy
So...can we actually get a sack?
wwoww what a catch by njoku
Calais should not even be playing he looks so hobbled
Holy shit Wink has crazy drip
"Oh right, I forgot the defense and offense are contractually not allowed to play well at the same time"
Imagine how different things would look with a component pass rush
Defense what the actual fuck bro
Watch the play again people. He clearly had one foot in and then his toe hit the turf again and then afterwards it went out. Its a catch
Hunt kicks women.
Straight up the reffing of this game has been the worst of any game I’ve seen
More than half of the salary cap into this soft ass defense Jesus Christ haha
Now its a stressful game all over again.
Please don’t go 3 and out. Just run.
Really need the O to keep the foot on the gas
never thought a ravens defense would be getting carried by a ravens offense
Cody Parkey really wants out of the NFL
Tucker coming through with the hex on the opposing kicker
Can't get off on 3rd
Hmm resodding the field 👀
Calais needs to get healthy
Hope that missed PAT end up losing the game for the Browns.
"Offense: Hey guys we scored! Time to keep the pressure up right?

Defense: *walks out*"
I just can't get over how easy their rushing TDs have been. It's so pathetic.
fuck you kareem hunt woman beating motherfucker
"""Kareem Hunt kicked a woman so let's talk about him like he's a great guy"" lol ok espn"
"Fired up Llama is gonna carry us

he owns the Clowns"
"We gotta win to get that sweet, sweet 3-2 division record"
Andrews just appears like a ghost
This fucking team and pre-snap penalties
I’m surprised it wasn’t our weekly illegal formation lol
Lamar gotta hit that pass.
Why did we pass so much?
His mechanics look like they did last year tonight. His touch is not where it was last year yet tho
He's got to make those throws
"Browns fans 🤝 Ravens Fans

     ""Fuck Sandejo"""
BOWSER HAS KIDNAPPED PRINCESS BAKER
Bowser more of a soulja than Hollywood lmao
Tyus Bowser has better hands than hollywood
Tyus Bowser needs to get paid!!
That’s the Baker I love 😍
5 TOUCHDOWNS ON THE GROUND
Let's fucking go Bowser!! What a catch wtf
THE CAREER PERCENTAGE DROPPED NOOOO
One handed interceptions are all the rage this week.
Love to see Baker Taking hot Ls
I love bowser
"Whatever, still got the 6 points."
Bro they literally mention that Harbs was a ST coach in Philly everytime they fuck up on ST lmao
Go home Joe buck
#KING KOOPA SZN
Get ready for Mayfield to air it out to Landry. It's script.
I bet they put Kyler on a booster seat in that commercial
Not even the 4th q yet wtf
"Missed XPs by block in Cleveland: '09 & '20 on MNF


Go figure lol."
Wouldn’t be a ravens game without the announcers mentioning Harbs ST start
"Something always has to go to shit this year. If the offense is playing great, it's the defense that shits the bed. If Wink calling the GOTY, the offense is abysmal. If both the O and the D makes their play (INT and TD), the special teams fucks it up.

There's always something with this team haha"
"Yeah, we’re still looking for our face mask penalty too"
Okay illegal hands but then no OPI?
Landry wants a facemask after not getting a offensive facemask that first drive. FOH
>Tyus Bowser is now tied with Marcus Peters for the team lead in interceptions this year (3). None have been bigger than that. Wow. - @ryanmink
"Baker Mayfield is 17/33 (51%) with an average of 6.0 yards per pass and 0 TDs with an interception. 

And I have coworkers who told me today that Baker is “way more accurate and a better passer overall” than Lamar all day today."
Baker whines every play. Shut up already
Naive me was hoping they would punt
Baker whines like a WR
WTF is this? 3min break. 3 second play. 3 minute commercial. That was literally one fucking play lol
Defense should ashamed of themselves.
At the start of the second half I muted my TV and started listening to the radio broadcast and I don't even care that it's a full play behind
It’s almost 11:00 and the 4th is just now starting wtf
Lamar not on the sideline? Cleat work?
Lamar has the shitsss lmaoooo
Lamar got the shits???
He’s dropping the browns off at the super bowl (only time that will happen)
Gotta be shitting right?
Where are you guys hearing Lamar is just pooping?
what if Lamar runs out of toilet paper
"SHITTERS FULL! 

he screams from the locker room"
Jokes on them. Lamar will be that much faster after droppin that deuce
Leave Calais alone
Greg Roman was the 15th man
Peters just embarrassed he fell down on that shit
"That wasn't on Elliot. I guess he could have helped quicker, but that's on the fall. This dog shit field"
Of course the refs swallow their whistles when Cleveland holds
We have the most un clutch defense in the league
Lamar just wipe for fucks sake
This is just demoralizing now. How many lucky breaks are going to fall to the Browns in one single game?!
How fucking lucky can these asshats be?
How are they so lucky
Brian Griese is such an annoying terrible commentator my god. I want booger back at this rate
Eff MNF announcers. Never heard a team more excited.
Fuckkkkkkkk
Lamar is literally our offense man wtf
Where the fuck is lamar
Greg Roman used the last of the toilet paper
I hate fucking 2020
It’s good to know Roman’s awful playcalling is not exclusive to when Lamar is in.
Fuck off Hollywood
Cut Marquise Brown. Fuck him.
LMAO HOLLYWOOD\~! YOU FUCKING BUM!!!!!!!!!!!!
CUT HOLLYWOOD
Cut him tomorrow. What the fuck. Worse than Perriman.
FUCK HOLLYWOOD BROWN GET BENCHED YOU BUST
Get Marquise the fuck off the field
hollywood the soulja
"FUCKING MARQUISE, YOU PIECE OF SHIT"
WHAT THE FUCK MARQUISE WHAT THE FUCK
I’m done with Marquise. He fucking sucks
Honestly cut Hollywood at this point don’t even give a fuck.
MARQUISE IS TRASH
"Fuck marquise brown, this team is a joke"
And to top the bullshit off BROWN DROPS THE FUCKING BALL
#WR 15 is not a soulja
Hollywood is a turd
"I’m officially done with Hollywood

Get him the fuck off this team"
Can we cut Marquis? What a fucking waste.
"Well.... this is not great. Hollywood baby i supported you, but that was tough. Im having flashbacks"
I’m so fucking done with marquise
Oh brother this guy stinks
Hollywood sucks. Get this team a WR. Allen got Diggs and Lamar needs his number 1
"That drop was fucking inexcusable.

Fix your fucking hands Soulja Boy. 3 drive-killing drops today. You're barely even a toy soldier right now."
"So fucking useless, just fucking cut him"
Thats horrible. Get marquise out if the 1 receiver spot.
Imagine drafting Marquise fucking Brown. Lmao
"I will NEVER say ""Hollywood"" with this man again. I gave you hella chances... I was on your side this whole season... this game...

&#x200B;

YOU BETTER MAKE UP FOR THIS NOW!"
Fuck off hollywood.
Fucking Perriman would've caught that
We need a fucking Soulja...
We need to bench Marquise yesterday. Actually like 8 weeks ago. Dude is a huge liability
Revoke the Hollywood nickname.
[deleted]
I think it’s time to say goodbye to Hollywood.
What the fuck was that. Marquise “Can’t catch a fucking cold” brown
This is feeling like the Titans game the other week...
Baker always crying for a flag
Yea this is an L. Fuck this game.
Does baker ever finish a play without asking for a flag?
"Marquise ""Butterfingers"" Brown. Dude needs to earn a name like Hollywood."
Baker “the Bitch” Mayfield...looking for a cheep shot call on the reigning WPMOY. Fool.
Can’t believe we might fuck this up.
How you expect Hollywood to catch over corners when he can’t catch dines?
What a fucking joke. Our roster is full of mentally soft players.
Honestly just healthy scratch this fucking bum the rest of the season
Hollywood got all the worst qualities of AB and none of the best.
Defense is absolutely pathetic today
Please say sike
Most inconsistent defense of all time
WHAT THE FUCK DEFENSE
Choker ravens showing up again?
LJ... please
"The defense is playing like the game is over, same shit with the Titans and Steelers...ugh"
Goddamn refs call a fucking hold. Lineman are fucking practically tackling Ravens rushers
man look at how those guys are catching passes
That was fucking holding
Not gonna call that hold?
Holding! Ffs.
"“People are all standing”, immediately cuts to people sitting

Even the producers hate the announcers"
[deleted]
At least we will be a JT field goal away from winning. Bad news is that we’ll have to get into field goal range with our backup QB
"How did we blow this game. Oh wait, our defense is garbage."
Fuck this Defense.
Lmao this defense does not deserve to even see a playoff game.
Nobody could catch that fat fuck? Really?
[deleted]
What an implosion
How many 10+ point blown leads does this defense have this year?
Why is 26 just standing around
this is hilariously sad
Oh my dear fucking god above
Is Lamar back?
No a hint of pressure
there is so much damn time chillllll. lamar come back bb
Let’s be honest guys...we’re nowhere near a SB team this year. For a lot of reasons. Do y’all see this defense stopping any dominant offense in the Playoffs? You have blinders on if you do
Brown should not have a job next week. He should be playing in the XFL. He’d still drop it...
Marquise Brown is TJ Housmanzadeh
"Shades of New England 2014, the team collapses because the D can’t get stops"
Marquise Brown has all the bitchiness of Antonio Brown with none of the skill
There’s no way it’s cramping
This is just a nightmare scenario
0 out 4 using a RB without Lamar on the field...
Brown owes us 2 touchdowns. Fck you and your tweet.
Backup QB and Roman refuses to run
"We have gashed this team on the ground all game. 

Our 3rd string QB is on the field. 

So we throw on 1st down. This is absolutely inexcusable."
Love this team to death but the Baltimore Ravens are not clutch. this is going to be a brutal final 6 minutes
Just need to get it to where Tucker can kick one
Bozeman may not be as good as others....but he plays hard and seems like a great guy
JUST. POUND. THE. ROCK.
Lamar must be hurting though tbh if he’s not out there it sounds bad.
Ohio so fucking stupid for letting fans in this stadium. Pandemic is more serious than sports.
yes just run the ball
I don't trust this defense. FG will not be enough
Greg Roman has ruined both of our QBs by rushing them constantly in the same game lmao
"Dude how shit is this field, why can’t they plant in normal cleats"
I mean all you can do is fucking laugh
You can’t make this shit up
"&#x200B;

Just in time....Lamar Jackson is back out on the field"
Holy shit he's back! He's going to take it to the house. With his empty colon.
Who wrote this fucking script?
Take us to the promised land lamar
This turf has caused multiple injuries. Cleveland grounds crew needs to fucking fix this shit. Inexcusable.
Fuck this turf
You cant script this shit
What the fuck man?! Lamar comes back out on FOURTH DOWN?!
#Bring out Koch for the win!
Guys we are actually cursed this is insane hahahaha
What is happening this evening.
"God this season is just so fuckin cursed, cmon Lamar."
"Gone. Roman, you're gone..."
"Could Lamar have come out 45 seconds ago, before Trace got fucked"
What the fuck is going onnnnn!!!
"Lamar ""Courtesy Flush"" Jackson back in the game!!"
Lamar Jackson showed up like Goku to planet namek 😂
Sam Koch will save us all
"Are you fucking joking with that call?????

FIRE. ROMAN. NOW.

Call two fucking runs in a row and you WILL GET two yards on this defense! Jesus!"
"Last year really was our shot, huh"
🗑 field
Srsly I hate the scriptwriters of 2020
"Trace is not a bad QB2, we just need our reliable receivers out there. Hollywood gets replaced by Dez when he gets back"
have my babies lamar
Ive got chills. That's my quarterback!
"If we win, this just adds to the legend of Lamar. Good god what a fucked up game."
I AM ABOUT TO HAVE A FUCKING HEART ATTACK
Ngl my heart stopped for a quick 2 seconds BROWN HEARD YALL TALKING SHIT
What the fuck is this game
YOOOOOOOOOO HAHAHAHA YOOOOOOOO HAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHA
MNF Game Of The Year and I fucking hate every second of it.
Thank you to Trace McSorley for doing your part under very un-ideal circumstances both games you've been asked to come play.  Good job man! Hope you're ok!
Lamar literally came out on some Avengers Endgame shit
You can’t tell me this isn’t scripted wtf is going on
So did Lamar shit himself and they had to clean it all up or something? Is that what took so long? LMAO
If only our secondary wasn't XFL level rn
"BRO LAMAR LMAOOO WHAT A HERO, LETS GO HOLLYWOOD"
"Lamar is now our Past, Present and Future. deal\_with\_it.gif"
I’m not ready for another heartbreak
Unfortunately we dont have any corners. They’re going to score.
OUR DEFENSE IS FUCKING TERRIBLE
Legitimately Jets level defense.
Honestly Lamar looks sick. Possibly random illness. Possibly flu. I really don’t want the poor man to have to keep playing through being sick. But please carry us and then go home
So Lamar comes in to save the game just to have our defense give up.  Sounds about right
#LEARN HOW TO TACKLE HOLY SHIT
"Dude this team can’t stop the chiefs anyways, our defence is brutal"
"No lie, I could throw against this defense.

Why the fuck are we so far off the ball?"
"This defense is so fucking bad, wtf. Giving this game up all game. All these pass rushers and nothing."
Well.....I didn’t know you could lose a game twice.
That was the best-case scenario for us. We already knew the defense was going to fail. At least now Lamar has some time.
"Defense is a damn joke. I understand injuries, but holy fuck. Show some heart"
We don't deserve to be in the playoffs. Could you imagine what mahomes would do to this defense ?
Focus all your energy into Justin Tucker
Ruined a legendary Lamar moment... absolutely ruined it...
Imagine scoring 42 pts and it not being enough
i feel so bad for our RB’s and lamar. can anyone at all help them?
"Lmao it doesn’t show growth, it just shows how badly we’ve regressed"
Coaching has been fucking abysmal.
We didn’t change up anything. The weirdest thing.
Fucking overtime when I already should've been asleep an hour ago lmao not getting any work down tomorrow
Hopefully the Browns scored with to much time left in the game
"Offense has a REAL chance to win this in regulation.

Roman and Lamar, this is on you guys."
Ok Lamar time to shine
They gave the ravens to much time tbh
I can’t believe our expensive ass D gave up 42 FUCKINNG POINTS
LETS GO LAMAR!!!! put this team on yoru back and carry us in!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"I was talking to my dad, why TF did lamar go out??"
We love you mark andrews
Wow we are almost past midfield. Incredible
My god the stress is so real
All said...Kevin Stefanski is a stone cold killer.  He’s on the come up.  They should have hired him last year.
#THE CRAMP GAME
TUCKER HOLY FUCKING SHITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
DONT EVER TELL ME HE ISNT THE BEST FUCKING KICKER
I JUST SAW A GOAT HUG ANOTHER GOAT
#TUCKER I SWEAR TO GOD I'M GONNA PUT ON A RED WIG AND PRETEND I'M YOUR WIFE SO YOU CAN FUCK ME
"That's my quarterback, and my motherfucking kicker."
I just can’t believe what I just saw
GIVE ME MY 2 POINTS
END ON A FUCKING SAFETY FUCKING CHRIST
GOOD. FUCK YOU CLEVELAND.
"I’m
Speechless. What a crazy game."
That might be the craziest game I’ve ever seen
Thank god we didn’t lose because Lamar had to take a shit
That was the greatest thing I’ve ever watched
Cry Browns cry
 LJ game from behind to win with his ARM
That might have been Lamar’s first game winning drive
I love this team!!! I love you all!!!! I love Lamar Jackson!!!! I love Baltimore!!!!! I love Beer!!!!!
"holup, why this camera guy wearing shorts?"
So Yannick knocks over baker on a huge completion and flexes on him. Is that the best he can do? What was the hype for?
Some of yall spend more time typing cold takes than watching the damn game
Fuck LaBron James
“The Ravens have shot themselves in the foot. The roughing the passer on Judon”... just stop talking
Holy shit these announcers are C R I N G E
Fuck this trash ass fucking field. Cleveland is a shithole
So they just gonna let Chubb walk in? Ffs
I swear we have got to be the dumbest team sometimes. I mean after like couple of slips you change your shoes. Can this not be done between drives?
You run on 3rd and 19 and pass on 1st and 10???? What more proof do you need. Get that man Greg tf outta here!!
Browns fans Say Lamar can’t throw but they like baker mayfield 😂
LAMAR DID THAT TO A GROWN MAAAAANNNN!!!!!😬😬😬😬😬
"“Ravens CB Marlon Humphrey: Baltimore's Identity to 'Choke'” Yes, yes it is Marlon. Goddamn this defense is so bipolar."
"Gotta make that throw, cmon LJ...."
He makes that last year. Lamar has got a lot of off-season work to do.
Lmao these announcers want Cleveland to win so badly
Absolutely pathetic defense on that drive.  Just disgusting.
"For real, Lamar is too good for this team and is completely being wasted. He would have 2 rings with the people mahomes has."
Put Duvernay as wr1 plz
Just remember next time you want to shit on Lamars passing this year... Marquise is our #1 WR... by a wide margin too.
"300k fucking people are dead and these fucking chucklefucks are like ""don't you love the crowd noise?!"""
No one cares what lebron has to say
Low key missing that piece of shit earl thomas
This team quit. Harbs. This is on you.
"wait, not a penalty on us??????????????????????????"
Lamar absolutely fucking LOVES playing the Browns
Romans getting fired after this game no way anyone can watch this and think he can stay
"#HOLY FUCK REFS. 

**ENOUGH WITH THE BULLSHIT.** Even r/nfl agrees these calls are absurd"
"I’ll say this Cleveland has a top 5 o line, WRs, and RBs so Defense giving up points gonna happen eventually"
That was a bend over and “I give up “ play call. Pathetic. Absolutely pathetic.
Parkey sucks so much
Consecutive bad throws. Come on.
Lamar has to make that throw
"Lamar has hit that play to Andrews so many times. 

Baker has missed some that far. Notice how there isn't the extra commentary after those though?"
Lamar gotta throw throw throw all off-season
"Those weren't penalties, drops, playcalling. Those were just 2 bad throws."
I swear these announcers are so trash
"If Lamar is out there, I trust the O. If mcsorley comes back out it’s GG"
I will sucker punch anybody who tries to pin this game on Lamar
Fuck that stadium and the goddam turf.
need injury updates STAT
I haven't been this nervous about a Ravens game in a long time (I do live in Cleveland. So that's part of it.)
"Man it sucks ass that Dez is still on the covid list, like we were very carefully and methodically easing him into things, and then he just has to miss two games. Not like we really needed him against the cowboys, but I'd feel better about tonight if we had him in."
"Monday Night Countdown split 2/2 for Ravens/Browns to win.

&#x200B;

First time I've ever liked Booger..."
Stop the run. Make Baker a passer. Pressure him. Get in that ass. He's the worst player in the NFL under duress. We do that. We win. We lose this game. The season is over.
mandrews being back gives me life
Let’s get this bitch.
**BELEE**
LETS FLUSH THESE BROWNS
Mayfield is trash but if they can’t defend a simple screen it doesn’t matter.
Gimmick football is all they have
Isn’t it pass interference to block when the ball is in the air?
Wow I can't believe I'm jeolous of the fucking Browns offense. Fuck Greg Roman.
I said this many weeks ago. We play deep ball defense. We can’t stop any damn screens. They’ll just nickel and dime us all day. Step up the linebackers
Defense letting a bum ass QB dominate them again. Shocker.
Fucking Peters plays the worst fucking man coverage holy shit
"idgaf if he forced that fumble, why does he play off so much"
Need the offense to show up.
Don't we have great press corners? wtf is happening with all this open space
Two fumbles on two straight plays Jesus Christ
Every fucking week
Stop the zone defense Wink. They're killing us on those short passes
They finally found a way to cover for bakers failings play action screens and misdirection
It's going to be a long night if this is what the d is going to do
2 FF in one drive. Now we just need to recover one of those.
Good scripted drive. We’re gonna be fine
Let’s hope Greg Roman isn’t already panicking lol
Ravens are down which means time to abandon the run already
To win my fantasy game I need to get 94 points from Tucker tonight
We’ve been beaten by screens and late dump offs all year long. Cant stop anything underneath
"Defense gets 2 strikes

That's strike One

Offense gets no strikes"
Let’s hope the offense doesn’t look as slow as the defense just did
Getting owned by baker mayfield is pathetic
Gonna be one those games isn't it
WTF was that
"A FUCKING FLEA FLICKER ROMAN, kill me"
Well yall wanted creative play calling
We ran Ingram for 1 yard on every first play this year to set up that flee flicker. Beautiful execution
I am stunned that wasn’t on us
So glad we pulled some trick play bullshit on 1st instead of just running for five yards like that.
Wow thank god
Only way to stop a Soulja
G Ro tryna go coach Detroit
Weak call?
so glad lamar is scrambling more often
Snead hungry after being out... I hope he gets some passes his way.
Not a flag on us? What timeline is this?
How can an offense ran by the fastest QB ever seem to move so fucking slow with no sense of urgency
i can't sit still man this game is already making me so nervous
Hollywood drawing a penalty!
Browns are so hyped for this game. If we can just settle in and grind it out we will be aight. It's a long game.
I hate these trash penalties because they show that we're a bad team.  Delay of game.  Illegal formation.  Good teams don't take those.
"As a steelers fan, beat these clowns"
The Flacco special
Damn Hollywood is drawing all the flags
That was the definition of pass interference
"Yeah, let's throw at that guy tonight lol"
Lamar is so slippery
"""Myles Garrett disrupted this play"" 

Uh I think it was the DB who tackled the WR who 'disrupted the play' you fucking idiot"
Bruh Lamar slipping is making me really nervous for them ankles
Man Lamar has slipped every time he’s scrambled
This ice hockey?
Lamar 100% going to switch cleats.
Did they grease Lamar’s cleats? Damn.
"Baker, your carpet is shit. Fuck that garbage field."
Here comes the Aikman jinx
"Whenever they show the replay looking downfield, every single one of our WRs are locked up."
LLAMA!!!!!!! TD!!! RAVENS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Ravens pulling out the Flacco-Smith classic on that DPI ball
Lamar running is making me nervous.  He’s stumbled on 80% of the snaps this drive
LAMAR 🥜🥜😫😫😫😫
Browns our there throwing banana peels
LFG!!!
we are gonna spank these hoes
Imagine if we had an oc who could scheme our receivers open and then also have lamar do shit like that fuck man
That's how we do it. Let's go defense!
FREAKY L!
"nothing hotter than seeing the blocking scheme work, like they said: excellent kick out to block garret that freed brown to step up in the hole"
The oline is not playing well rn but lamar turned on hard carry mode for that first drive. Hopefully the defense plays better.
"Lamar the last 2 games has been running more, both on scrambles and designed runs. We've been missing that."
Ding fries are done
#That graphic is gonna give mw nightmares
What a fucking bullshit roughing the passer call! Fuck this league.
THAT WASNT ROUGHING LMAO
Roughing the passer WTF?????
Fuchs is that roughing the passer fucking soft cucks
That is some horseshit
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS?!!! THAT WAS A CLEAN HIT
Just call it touching the quarterback
These roughing calls are so pussy now
Snaker Fakefield literally ducked in to that personal
Fucking recover it mannnnnn
What a bullshit RTP call
That's 3 ffs and no recoveries
soft ass call
fuck the browns r so lucky
Refs have already blown 2 big calls. Fuck this game already
We’ll eventually recover one
D GETS A STOP LETS GO
3 forced fumbles  stick with it boys
That’s 3 lucky fumble bounces and the worst RTP penalty ever
Was ready for the PI call because Peters was within 2 feet of him
Yoooo what the fuck are these flags
Going to be uss vs all of them huh
Glad we are protecting Baker tonight on bullshit calls
Weak ass call biased reffs
that is absolute shit
What kind of fuckery is this
Bro this is insane. Fucking insane. These refs. Fuck them.
That may be one of the worst calls against us all year
And it’s actually just refball
Fucking hell
Man Steelers fan here and these refs are FUCKING you guys so far. Unreal
He barely touched him WEAK ASS CALL JUST LIKE THE OTHER ONE
Cleveland  💰-> Refs
The Browns have gotten no short of 7 breaks in the first quarter. Unreal
The calls in this game.
I know it sounds homery but why do the refs hates us so fucking much. Every single yard they got this drive was on a penalty against us.
You seeing how Peters is moving presnap... He's feeling it tonight.
Fuck the Browns
Baker sucks major fucking dick
Best part is Cleveland had already tried their tricks. We will clamp down. Refs be damned. Im so heated and im only on 2 beers before im asked
Going for it again? Wtf
Gotta tighten up these calls boys Baker is absolutely looking for them now
Refs need to stop acting like they have money on Cleveland winning
2 FFs by Marlon and another by Peters tonight in one quarter is insane. Keep those up and the Browns will eventually stop getting lucky recoveries.
Browns know they have the refs in their pocket so why not go for it on 4th? about a 70% chance a flag is thrown for them if they dont convert anyway /s
"First drive was browns, but since then it's been all Ravens and refs. Clean it up and we should have this."
BALL DONT LIE
Lmao Parkey
Karma
That was sexually pleasurable
Thank God we have Tucker
The Baltimore Ravens and getting fucked on third by soft DPI/RTP calls name a more iconic duo
Lol they did all of that with all that help from the refs for nothing
Ball don’t lie
Browns gonna Brown with that kick
"Looooool refs tried their best to give them points, but Browns gonna Brown."
As a Louisville grad I wanna see Lamar fucking stunt on Mayfield and show who really should have won that Heisman in 2017
"This drive we’re not playing from behind, so I better see a lot of runs"
LMAO Tuck wouldn't have missed that
"So Marlon is only 2 ff away from the record and has 3 games to go, if he breaks Tillmans record does he get dpoty?"
"I know theoretically we should run it, especially with how pass protection has looked so far, but I'd love to see Lamar air it out for 15 passing TDs in this game"
What the fuck is this drive? What is GR trying to make this team become?
How many times is he going to slip! Get him some longer spikes!
What's with this field?
RAVENS AND BROWNS FANS FIGHTING
Lmao ILLEGAL MOTION penalty
Bruh Lamar keeps slipping lol
Peak Roman
Lamar change your cleats man
What is this shit field
It’s like a mirror of my team. Refs screwing us over . Good defense shit stain offense lol
"Exactly what I got downvoted for all week. We show signs of life , we then come crashing back down because we can’t clean up issues we’ve had all year. The same issues, every. Single. Week."
Well that’s about what I expected.
I’m so done with Greg Roman. His play calling is absolute ass sometimes
he didn't touch you stop crying for more flags
Nice field cleveland...just like a fucking pig sty
this line is fucking hard to watch
"What the fuck are you doing Greg. 

God I fucking despise this asshole. How the hell do you not bother to do a single fucking run. When it’s our strength. You lousy fuck"
Why is Lamar keep slipping? I’m thinking Cleveland put Vaseline on the bottom of his cleats before the game
"We lose this game, I expect Roman to be fired tomorrow"
RUN. THE. FOOTBALL.
Fire. Greg. Roman
"We can’t get anyone open, just run the ball!"
amazing playcalling by greg roman... lol a WR screen with no blockers in front is soo amazing
"oh hey look a flag.


that's interesting."
jesus christ we are getting fucked on calls
The refs finding a reason to throw a flag every play is just comical at this point
Jesus Christ I guess if you wear a black helmet with a bird on it you get penalized almost every play
I wonder what the Browns have on the refs. There's gotta be some blackmail involved here.
I just want ONE 300 yard passing game from Lamar this year...
Illegal dropped pass
I am shocked every time an incomplete pass from Mayfield isn't called PI
Can’t believe the D made a okay with no flag
Good job defense
IDC that it's Monday it's fucking humph day
Marlon is the best defensive player in the NFL
Phew... He might of had that if he ran
Me waiting for a flag on 3rd down......
Surprised Baker didn’t take the easy run for the first but hey good for us
Run please run
Good read on that punt.  Nice touch back
Smooth play on the punt.
"Ngakoue got held bad on that last play, tackle ripped him down by his horse collar"
Nice play proche!
"Lmao, bakers got no touch on the ball lol. Just rockets it."
"Damn, my stream is way behind"
"I'm surprised they didn't try that fake punt, run right again lol!"
I love Proche
Lets hope Lamar took off his ice skates
Myles Garrett nominee for Walter Payton Man of the Year? Didn't he try to kill someone with a helmet?
myles garret being the man of the year nominee for the browns is the definition of irony
Not only am I up for Payton Man of the Year I also am the only man in the league to take someone’s helmet off and beat him with it
FREE DOBBINS THE ELF!
10 yard carry. Better sit Dobbins.
Absolutely love when we run on first
Guys I think Greg Roman might be reading this sub. He’s finally running the ball like we asked!
This field sucks
This turf is fucking garbage!
"If the Ravens win this, I’m getting a Lamar Tattoo"
"IT LOOKS LIKE GREG ROMAN HAS DISCOVERED THAT WE ARE A GOOD RUNNING FOOTBALL TEAM

UNTIL NEXT DRIVE WHERE HE WILL INEXPLICABLY CALL 3 PASSES, ONE OF WHICH WILL CAUSE AN ILLEGAL FORMATION PENALTY"
We need better cleats lol. Don't see browns having the same problem
Harbaugh better be running to smack tf outta Roman or give Lamar new cleats
John just saved Lamar from something big
"Oh man this “running” thing is pretty rad.

We should probably do it more often. 

I’m cootcch"
**GUS BUS POWERING HIS WAY FOR SIX!!!!!**
#BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
Its a love hate relationship with Greg Roman's play calling.
TOUCHDOWN!
HONK HONK MOTHERFUCKER! GUS BUS IS PLOWING THROUGH!
"#Shhh no one say anything, we don’t want the refs to overturn it"
Gus da BUS!!!
GUS FUCKING BUS
KEEP RUNNING THE FUCKING BALL
You could hear Gus breathing from the 10 holy shit haha he wanted that TD
ALL ABOOOOAAARD 🚌
Can't play cute. Run the damn ball.
Eat my salty salty nuts browns
That’s a badass cape
"So who has an idea as to why the timeout. And why Lamar hugged Harbs?

*thanks for the responses 😎👍"
Look at what running the football does
HONK HONK BUS COMIN THRU
"Idk man, should any one ever own a yellow Ravens jersey?"
Is the ravens offense bipolar or something??? How are we two separate teams at the same time?
Love to see that lamar isnt forcing things
This surface is scaring the hell out of me.  Not sure what the Browns are doing to their cleats that we aren't.
Lamar might throw for 60 yards and we might win 🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤣 a win a win inching closer to the playoffs
BEEP BEEP BABY! ALL ABOARD!
Let the Ravens be the Ravens Roman. Run the ball and don’t stop until we lift hardware
"We will win despite these zebras man, let's fuckin go!!!"
EMBRACE THE RUN!!!!
"No reason to throw the ball when they keep dropping 8 in coverage just keep pounding, make them stack the line"
"Can't wait for the next drive when we run a flea-flicker, screen, and 60-yard bomb down the field."
"Holy shit, Gus Bus was AMAZING!"
Offense finally looks like it should
This game is the shows why basic box score stats don’t matter. Lamar has 14 passing yards but has been dominant
Garrett: Probable
I wish the NFL would stop with the ESPN games. Their network and app are awful.
Why does Baker always look like he is putting his whole body into the throw lol
We should just draft wide receivers that can block. Just convert a bunch of tight ends to receivers.
Can’t run zone every play your corners get tired this isn’t madden
Imagine having a line like the kind that gives Mayfield all that time.
Turnover inc
Damn but they gave us too much time
It's ok we got this
Gotta get them off the field on that 3rd down earlier in the drive
This game is gonna come down to the defense making a stop.  Let’s just hope we can score one more time before half.  Then get the ball back
Chance to put them down 14 before they ever see the ball again. Let’s get it.
Wish Lamar had their o line.
If Lamar had the Browns offense around him he’d be 12-1 tonight.
Can we get him some fucking different cleats? This looks like a high school team right now.
Fuck you Roman. You fucking fat useless fuck.
"Fire the stupid fucking equipment manager, and Greg Roman while you're at it."
Great so fuck the strength coach AND the equipment guy
The field doesn't look like its in good shape to me
"Dude, wtf is wrong with the browns turf. Jackson has slipped more on that turf than anything I've ever seen. It's not even his fault. Hes slipping. His cleats just arent sticking"
Well manicured field ..what
"We’re giving this game away, we can’t let them be up going into half time."
We will never win a Superbowl and maybe not even a playoff game if we can not pass the ball at all.
What a fucking waste of a drive. Man this team
It’s always something with this fucking team this year
"LJ is not happy, I like us getting the ball in the second half but we can’t let them score before we go into the locker room."
Greg Roman needs to stop with the Rollouts .
"Coaches have checked out this season. Tackling has been an issue all year, they do NOTHING to fix it. Receivers aren't schemed open? They do NOTHING to fix it. Lamar slipping and sliding all over the place? NOTHING."
And we still aren't changing spikes? Wtf is going on
What a coward move jesus
People upset we are trying to throw meanwhile the browns have one of the worst secondaries. This offense can't produce yards in the air is a real problem.
EVERYTIME Lamar does that half assed rollout shit something goes wrong.
"*running game working*  

""why are we running it?!"""
Fire Roman please
"Elliott absolutely blows dudes up, you love to see it"
Lol this dumbass just threw shade at Smith....
yeah thats grounding but go off
Halftime trip to Academy for some damn cleats
Pls make something happen. You're at midfield ffs
"Good field let JT cook, get the double whammy"
Ravens pass rush this year is all about almost getting there
"Great field position. If we aren’t leading at halftime, its a major disappointment."
Omg great field position. Let’s get a FG!
Just need a FG boys
Baker is so cringy literally the next whiny Tom Brady
Here come the draw plays up the gut to run out the clcok
Can’t let this chance SLIP
"Kareem was not in the area, what are the announcers on?"
"Score here to end the half, then score on the first drive of the 2nd half...

Easy 28-14 lead"
Baker Mayfield mopped the field before the game for a progressive commercial
Baker mayfield looks like a turd rolled in corn flakes.
Ok I’m sorry I was Roman apologist but I had enough
Call me emotional but go 4 wide for 4 downs. Fucc it.
Yea that was definitely a fuck up on the intentional grounding. And then the brain dead announcers are totally clueless as to why Mayfield is arguing.
NOW IF ONLY BROWN COULD CATCH
Marquise are you fucking kidding me
sOuLjA
Marquise doesn’t give an ounce of effort
#MANLY MAN MANDREWS
Thank god for Mark Andrews
Fucking MANDREWS!!!!
Mark Andres is the only good thing to come out of OU
What a fucking bosssss
"They dropped the ""OUTTA NOWHERE"". God, I love the Ravens and rasslin'."
Lamar is the whole fuckin team right now
Turns out the real friends were the Mark Andrewses we made along the way!!!!!!!
"New cleats, who dis?"
Lamar legit has the team on his back tonight
Only the ravens can make us rage quit to celebrating in literally two plays
Y’all see that throw catch and punt celebration by Lamar? Dude really is our entire offense.
"Okay, the throw off the wall right back to himself was... elite."
The only remark I want to add to the convo right now: FUCK YEAH
Love the announcers absolutely slaying Soulja Boy.
Longest last 2 minutes evvvvveeeeerrrrr
Lamar is incredible. What is up with Brown tho??
Time for that famous Baker pick-6.
I need Yannick to get a sack..he’s always inches close
We smackin’ Mayfield around all night.
"Peters earning his cheque there.  He's all business, but not making business decisions tonight."
Clark you good bro?!
Hey baker it doesn’t count as a field goal if you throw it through the uprights
What a fitting ending. Running into the upright !
Chuck ain’t gonna live that down
Here before Highlight Heaven
Was it perfect nope but still good lets ride this momentum into the 2nd
Andrews is a monster!
"Last TD is for Mandrews bb 

Love that man"
WHERE DEZ AT
I've already forgotten the first half but I know we're stunting on these hoes lfgo
How is it only the 3rd quarter I gotta work tomorrow lol
Run the ball
We that meant to go to Boykin?
"Without fail, Marquise goes backwards every time he catches the ball"
“marquise brown finally holds on to one” LOL
Look at our Llama run 😍
#IT’S THE SHOES!
BEEP BEEP
BEEP BEEP
LETS FUCKIJG GO!!!!!
ANKLESSSSSSSSS
His change in direction is so SICK
🚌x2
That cowboys win was huge for morale.
READ THE FUCKING FLAIR
inject our running game directly into my veins
BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!
How tf has every other team struggled against the browns this year? Their run d is literally worse than the cowboys
#FLAIR
"We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back.

Flashbacks of last season make my pp hard."
RUN THEM DRY RAVENS RUN THEM DRY!
"Well that was an awful start...



For Browns fans"
This is the kind of game I love watching
All I want for Christmas is...  not a browns playoff. Plz Santa Lamar
This is the way
MVP FORM
"My one criticism of this drive is that it only burned two minutes, but in a must-win game take the points wherever you can get them"
Let's fucking gooooooo
"Keep to what is working. Please. Pleaaaase, keep to what we are doing until the browns can show they can stop it."
Let’s get a turnover on defense and put little Baker and this game to bed.
Hey guys Greg Roman’s offense has 28 points in basically two quarters.
What a fucking run
"It’s almost like, just run until they stop it every week? Not rocket science"
LIGHTWEIGHT BABYYYY
"This will shake up that D line and secondary, the passing game should be a little safer now"
Low key love commercials with Peyton in it.
Lamar on his highlight reel Shit. On that “look what I can do”
It’s great to fall in love with this offense all over again.
Ok Defense you have a cushion but let’s not get carried away
Should we just fire Roman and sign the Navy offensive coordinator?
Lamar is on fire today. His best game of the season.
FUCK IT RUN THAT BITCH FOR 400
Defense actually needs to play like the unit they think they are.
"just saying, I’ve been saying since July that we need to get hot at the right time. That is all"
"I love that we are running the ball. Especially Lamar not being a statue QB when its a passing play. Teams are doubling Andrews and thats frankly all we have.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Our pass concepts are straight garbage. The amount of times ive seen 2-3 recievers in the same area is disgusting."
Where’d that kid get them pringles?
Steelers Bengals on MNF?!?! LMFAOOOOO
Lamar looks like Covid made him \*better\* at running.
Don’t shit the bed Defense. Please. Make this easy work
wow we defended a screen properly!! what a concept
we stopped a screen pass guys!
This defense needs to be more clutch man
He’s not in bounds
NOT A CATCH
WHY IS FORT 1 ON 1 WITH HUNT
Whelp Lamar your turn again
PARKEY IS THE GOAT
lol Parkey
Again - defence looks shit. They should be embarrassed with that. Did nothing good. Nothing.
Believe in LJ bb
They have some pretty good playcalls. I think we will get at least one turnover tho.
Defense is gonna find a way to lose this game if Parkey doesn’t win it for us.
Jimmy Smith injured fuck
"Baker is a script QB. Now that the first drive of the second half is done, let’s see how he does off script again."
LJ Fort should not be covering a fucking RB...he shouldn't even be that general area...sigh
Tonight the broadcast wants to make Myles Garrett and Kareem Hunt seem like great people. Interesting strategy.
No sacks so far. Don’t remember a single sack against Dallas. It’s honestly pathetic.
What are the chances we can make Boykin into Darren Waller 2.0?
Put in Hunt as kicker. He is qualified in kicking things
Lamar has heart. Unlike hollywood
Good shit Boykin
Clutch fucking first down
Come the fuck on with these flags bro.
Motherfuck our centers
feed Andrews he is uncoverable when he remembers to bring his hands to the game
Just a touch off on that one
SNEAD :( You are so due for a good one... It's coming homie!!!
Really needed to answer with some points on that drive
god fucking damn it that's a TD
Damn snead grow a foot taller plz
I thought Koch was ready to risk it all for a second
Fuck me. That would ha e been a td
Ugh two bad passes come on lamar
"Dang, that’s a TD"
"Fuck, he misread Andrews. He thought he was gonna go skinnier"
Snead deserves that chance
"Great game from Lamar running, passing is looking rough"
Defense HAS to step up
Can defense step up here and get ONE stop?
"Just keep running it pls.  

Control the clock."
Those two missed throws are going to hurt us big time.
Manifesting a pick for Marlo or Peters
BOW WOW WOW
Bowser works so hard he really has grown
FUCK YOU BAKER EAT MY ASS YOU OVERRATED ARROGANT SHIT
"Hahahahahahahahahaha



*breathes*



Hahaha hahaha hahahaha"
THATS A CONTRACT YEAR PLAYER FOR THE RAVENS BABY
"NEVER THROW ON A GUY NAMED ""BOWSER"""
Bowser might’ve had a TD there
Bowser setting the Browns on fire with that beautiful pick.  I hope we can resign him he’s been really good this year.
PAY BOWSER
The princess is in another castle Baker.
Have I said ESPN sucks yet?
Whoever the fuck just said they were manifesting that pick I love you
"I will say as much as I tag on our OLBs, bowser is a player I'd def resign for a cheap contract to see if he develops"
Wow Tucker missed FG last week and now blocked PAT tonight
When I talk shit about how abysmal the linebacker corps has been. I mean the linebacker corps besides bowser. This man has been phenomenal and should be a all pro this year.
Guess they got there missed extra point back
This game is so far from being over.
"Dammit, almost never see Morgan Cox get blown up like that."
Going for the blackout in football bingo tonight
TUCKER BBY NOOOOO
This game still feels stupid close
[deleted]
"Get a stop , let’s go on another 7-8 min drive close it out"
This game is LONG.
Let's fucking ride this momentum get this win go 11-5 SB run here we come
“Thats a face mask” meanwhile 3 seperate holds
Yeah cool game and all but can we acknowledge Marlo got 2 FFs tonight? I think he needs 2 more to tie the season record
Attack of the Flags... Time to stop fucking up\~
It’s been like 3 minutes so in case anyone forgot John harbaugh actually used to be a special teams coach fun fact
Did we get away with facemasks on 2 back-to-back plays? lmao
How do you not wrap up lol
How do you miss that sack?????
How the fuck do you leave Landry that open on 4th and 4?
Baker Cryfield whining again
Why do we not press Jarvis on 4th...
PRACTICE TACKLING
What you pointing at baker????
We just really need to convert some of this pressure into sacks
Is that challengable?
How are the Browns somehow now enlisting the refs in this game
Thats embarrassing
Wtf is wrong with our coaching
Oh gee a double digit fourth quarter lead...
Back to ass clenching if they score a TD
WE NEED TO STOP THEM. PLEASE AND THANK YOU
"Not gonna lie, him writing the 5 in for 15 made me crack up. Mainly because I can't believe this shit happens EVERY FUCKING WEEK"
Wait there's no 15 men on the field penalty so that was legal
"Elliot may get burned in coverage sometimes, but he his fucking hard"
"Excuse me for asking, but I'm not native English speaking and having a hard time understanding the announcers, they sound like they have orange/brownish colored sausages (or similar shaped meat) in their mouths while talking"
I hope Lamar is pooping
Lamar had to poop
Uhhh. L freaky taking a dump or what?
Poopoo break
Leave Lamar alone. He just be taking a quick poop break.
Jihad ward baby. Coming on strong these past few games
One play dudes. Please
Lamars probably smoking a quick blunt before he smokes the browns again
Lol baker is already a first ballot HOF according to ESPN
What? How was he that open? This defense SUUUUUUUCKS
We straight up can't defend 4th downs. At all.
Fucking Elliott...
Fucking wide open are you kidding me this secondary is A S S
Lamar better pinch it off   👀
How are we this bad at 4th down
"Again, I do not trust this defense"
"&#x200B;

Whew Chile...Thank You Marcus  Peters for giving Lamar more time to poop 💩"
"Okay, is Lamar back."
That play would’ve been fine if Peters didnt get hurt
Lamar has cramps apparently
If I fell and gave up a TD I’d act hurt too.
$100 MILLION FOR THIS JUNIOR VARSITY BULLSHIT?!?!?!?!?!
Offense absolutely needs to score points. Defense can not be trusted at all now with who were trotting out at CB.
Everything going Browns way here.
This team is cursed this year.
Zero effort defense
How many lucky bounces are the browns gonna get?
Lamar is going to win this if we do. The defense is absolutely abysmal.
Is Lamar off the toilet yet or what?   🚽
"This game is frustrating. Exciting, sure. But frustrating. 2019 spoiled me. I hate close games, now."
It’s always some fuckin lucky bullshit
Deshon's occasional big hits allows people in this sub to forget how bad he is at coverage.
When the hell did the Browns get luck on their side?
Oh fuck...... McSorley
of course the defense is choking while lamar has cramps
"""cramps"" lmfao"
I DO NOT WANNA SEE TRACE MCSORELY ON THIS SCREEN
You gotta be fucking kidding me
Something else is going on
This is so Ravens 2020.  Literally find creative ways to give these games up.
How did Lamar look perfectly fine jogging in that video they showed
"That was an ""oh god I gotta shit"" run if I've ever seen one"
Trade him
Lol wasn't Hollywood complaining about touches this year?
SOULJA!!!
Fuck you Marqiise I’m done with you kid
Marquise you fucking suck
Fuck Marquise Brown
"Ofc it would be Marquise to not hold on to it, so much for being a “Soulja”"
Fucking Hollywood man
BROWN IS BAD. CUT HIM
WhAt'S tHe PoInT oF hAvInG sOuLjAs WhEn YoU nEvEr UsE tHeM
WTF HOLLYWOOD OK NOW IM MAD
Disgraceful
Cut Hollywood. This is not a overreaction. He’s a bust
Fuck marquise brown
"Fucking Hollywood Brown dropped his THIRD catch of the night.

We need to just cut him after this season.

That's right: CUT him."
Trace made that throw and he fucking dropped that shit
FUCK YOU BROWN
Fuck Hollywood
Bout ready to say fuck it with Hollywood. He's a #3 receiver.
Hollywood you bum
Stick to Instagram Marquise
Fuck you hollywood
Can’t believe we just lost a drive to cramps in the biggest game of the year. Hollywood wtf
How the hell did he regress so much when was actually healthy this year?
Hollywood brown needs to just become a role player.
cut hollywood i dont even care - dude is fuckin garbage
Cut him.
#Marquise “Bust” Brown
Marquise Brown does not deserve to be on this team next season.
Marquise Brown’s officially a bust
Waz the point in having Soujas?
We don’t even have the luxury of benching Brown because who the fuck else is there
"Whelp, time to find Hollywood’s replacement!"
Marquise Brown is ass
[deleted]
"1. Injury
2.  Roman gets pass happy with a backup QB
3.  Marquis drops the ball

Yep, its 2020."
Bench Brown.  I dont wanna see this mother fucker again.  Fuckint bumb.
Bollywood Bust
bench that motherfucker i’m sick of him. brown shoulda had that
"Seriously, when can we cut Brown? He is trash. He can’t catch anything. You can have a ego when you are actually good"
#HOLLYWOOD YOU SUCK GOD DAMMIT
"Wtf happened to Marquise? Seriously, he was solid last year."
He has to go. He’s the worst WR on the team and it’s not close.
Time to cut brown.  He just is not good
How the fuck can you become a WR with no hands?
This team is the best team I have ever seem at bailing out their opponents
"No, seriously, fuck off Marquise."
B U S T
We need some better souljas
"Literally so much bullshit has happened for the browns to be in this game. You guys will prevail, I have faith!"
Cut brown.
Shut up Baker with the penalties
$70 receiver gloves
Ravens could have had another two touchdowns. Fuck.
We are trying real hard to snatch defeat from the Jaws of victory
Cry more baker
"imagine scoring 34 and that potentially not being enough to win

jesus christ this team is hard to watch, so much heartache"
I miss lamar :(
Idgaf if he’s named Hollywood because of his town he’s Marquise now. He just fucked us for the 100th time.
I'm literally going to explode from frustration. Fucking come on
Why does brown refuse to catch the ball
"Man, come on Brown. 3 drops"
What's the point of having souljas if you never use em. Ever!
"Thinking positive.   


They score early we got the ball back and the O *WILL* put in some work."
Last year Hollywood was our hope now he is more like Compton
Weak as fuck defense jesus fucking christ
"Doesn’t help that Lamar is out, and now the Defense has left the game"
Hold to 3 Lamar comes back and we win
Our defense is so soft
"we need a turnover in the worst way right now, I can feel the game slipping."
Who is this announcer opposite of Joe tessatore he is god awful
We spend SOOOOO much money on Defense
We are now at the part of the gameday thread where we wish we had mods.
We can't stop them.  Nothing our Defense can do.  We are getting eaten alive
Defense just getting abused
We dont deserve any sort of playoff appearance.
Hold
HOW DO YOU MISS THAT HOLD????
How is that not holding
Holding again
Fuck this defense
34 points put up and the defense is going to blow it....wtf
Defense is gassed and being held on every play.
There was a massive hold on that fuck this.
Lol this defense is some fucking **pussies** straight up. They don’t wanna tackle and when they do tackle they get hurt. Shameful to wear purple and black and get run over like this.
Holding again would’ve been a sack
Wow
This defense is sorry af
This team has just let us down so many times this season.
Welp I'm embarrassed. Defense is garbage.
This defense has so much money put into it but time and time again it is so anti-clutch
If brown has a job next week shame on front office
"0 fucking sacks, fuck this overpaid defense"
the d is fucking pathetic ... they figured out how to deal with the blitz and yet he keeps sending them.
This season is just so heartbreaking. It’s just not worth it anymore.
I hate this season
Literally see him running and say naw fuck this let me just sit here
"Man, what happened to our defense?"
You send all those guys and get zero pressure..
"lamar, it’s time to wipe and come on out now. we’re playing the browns anyways so the shit stain will blend in"
"I thought we were supposed to be good on defense, what the fuck!"
"TikTok fucktards, spread all your love and energy to Trace. Right now!"
Horseshit all around we're not a playoff team
Serious question: how many 4th quarter blown leads/games is it for the season? I wanna say 4?
"Someone should black out the speed times of high WR draft prospects. Seems like speed is basically the only thing they care about, which is baffling when you consider the clear two best WR in franchise history weren't speed guys."
Raven’s defense doing a one I always job of social distancing from anyone that has the ball.
"Even with a W, can we make a special exception to blame Hollywood they should’ve still been on the field lmao"
Need Lamar back
I stayed up for this
"seriously, these announcers are cleveland residents or what? fucking pathetic"
The defense is gased
"I hate to admit it, but this is a team of choke artists. Lamar can’t even finish the game because of cramps, defense is a wet paper bag, Brown has what 4 drops??"
Humphrey the only defensive player that shouldn’t feel completely embarrassed.
Cramps lmao its over
"lamar still gone? that's a fucking wrap

fuck this season"
Come trace win please
3rd string qb ... sure let’s throw it every down.
"STOP LETTING MCSORLEY THROW. Our run game has been working, we have a backup, fucking RUN"
WHAT THE FUCK ROMAN
Why is Marquise on the field
Do Roman and Hollywood work for the fucking browns now
"Running the Lamar “offense” with McSorely.

Shit routes and hope for some magic from your QB"
This team literally is nothing without Lamar. The cracks in our foundation show when they don’t have to respect the QB run.
"If the Bengals ever draft an O-Line, and the Steelers find a replacement for Rapeburger, the Ravens could very easily have a stretch as the worst team in the division for quite a while."
Run run run
"Alexa, play Trace McSorely"
Lamar taking the steamiest shit ever
Bro I’m not gonna lie to y’all I think Lamar may be pulling a Paul Pierce and he has the shits or is sick
Okay run the clock. Get it down to the absolute bottom. Tucker can make it from here. Boys we are fucking so lucky.
Holy fucking shit 2020 can get fucked
OMFG... McSorley  hurt his knee
This field is shit
LAMAR HOLY FUCK
shit stains and all
Lamar. One play to save the world. Please bby
This field is fucking rigged.
Bro wtf is happening rn
This is like WWF shit!!!
That timing is perfect
Oh my God
Fuck the Browns and their shit ass garbage field. What a piece of shit organization.
SAM KOCH 7/7 AS A PASSER
Lamar save us please!
Just fucking let Tucker try it fuck
Convinced we made a deal with tge devil last year with all this bs this year
This feels like some ole WWE smack down ass drama
This is so dramatic
this whole game is a movie atp💀
Why didnt they call a time out if they knew he was coming back?
Lamar please we need this 1st down PLEASE
If Lamar converts this first down I will scream
NFL needs a new script writer
LAMAR I FUCKING RIDE FOR YOU BUT YOU COULDNT HAVE COME OUT ONE PLAY EARLIER JFC
the absolute worst play call there.
LAMAR FROM THE TOP ROPE
THIS IS A CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE
Craziest shit I have seen in my life
The legend of Lamar Jackson is ***ABSURD***
Where your “Soulja” jokes now you negative Whiny fucks!
"HOLYYYYYYYY FFFFFFUUUUCKKK  
As soon as I saw him throw that ball to Hollywood my heart stopped
This is like a goddam movie"
THATS MY QUATERBACK!!!😤😤
WHAT A 180 DEGREES TURN OF EMOTIONS!!!! OMG!!!!
Lamar went to the bathroom to pray to Jesus
Trace mcsorleys knee died for Lamar to take a dump
BIG BOY FOOTBALL 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
BIG BOY FOOTBALL!!!!
JK Dobbins has been the highlight of this season
What even is this game
I'm laughing my ass off by myself rn. Hollywood actually came thru.
BY GAWD THATS LAMAR JACKSONS 🎵
The defense better bring the pain this drive.
#THIS FUCKING GAME
Dobbins is a big boy. No lil boy
[deleted]
LAMAR IS A SUPER HERO
"Ok but like, this defense has to prevent a touchdown now."
Dobbins is a fucking man.
Wtf tv show am I watching
Also shoutout trace and Snead for that 3 and 10 completion to keep that drive going
Defense. Now's the time. Step up. You have to.
SUPERMAN IS IN THE BUILDING
This game has aged me 30 years now
"Lamar missing, 7 tears acl, Lamar suddenly appears and 15 makes a catch. Wtf is this"
That was some mythical shit
Best play of his career idc
I swear if the defense can’t stop them on one fucking drive
"Holy shit, Lamar outta the lockers like Han covering Luke, Hollywood uses the goddamn Force, Ravens hit that exhaust port and KABOOM! 

I almost woke up my nephew, holy shit. What a fucking *play.*"
"DEFENSE

PLEASE

I BEG YOU

NUT THE FUCK UP"
PLEASE D. PLEASE
"Jesus man, this game is fucking ridiculous"
DEFENSE HOW ARE YOU THIS BAD
Someone please try to blame this on Lamar. Please.
Man we just need to get a million corners next year.
Actually probably a good thing that he scored there. They were gonna score anyway.
Way to earn that paycheck marlon
How can you defend Wink anymore? Sorry but this is not defensible.
"They got a touchdown in like 50 seconds, you got to be fucking kidding me."
Our secondary is depleted
I really can’t stand baker mayfield. What an arrogant prick
"If this goes to OT and we are on defense, just chalk it as a loss"
It took 5 plays for the Browns to score a TD
Well Lamar is back so good news?
"Lmao Marlon, might as well not have tried"
That’s the sorriest D I’ve ever seen. At least we got time to drive and win it.
MARLON WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF ANGLE IS THAT TO TACKLE SOMEONE!!!??
We can’t beat the chiefs anyway with this defense
Knew it was too much time. Brown should have took a knee at the 1 yard line.
Marlon quit?
Defense gave up
This game is amazing though sucks my blood pressure high asf though
Defense needs to run laps until Sunday. Fuck these low-effort losers
You guys nutty we are on like our 3rd string cb
Go for two and end this already. Jesus this is terrible.
whatever voodoo that stops this team from being great on both sides at the same time needs to end
I want Tucker to nail a 55+ yarder for the win
Plenty of time to get into Tucker’s range
ALRIGHT LET'S GO WIN THIS GAME PLEASE LAMAR AND TUCK
Defense looks completely uninspired
Just don’t feel too bad we got fucked by reffs earlier
"Grew up never really having to worry about the D (minus a few exceptions—like that New Year’s Eve Bengals game). But this, this worries me 😔"
Whether we win or lose LJ8 is a goddamn stud and everything we have on offense
"run, tucker, sleep. please"
Who gives a fuck what lebron tweets
Give it to Tucker within 5 yards of the 40
Why TO!!? Why!!??
im gonna throw up
i'm gonna build him a golden bathroom with 5 toilets and all the modern facilities if Lamar takes us to the promised land
Harbaugh doesn't fucking learn...keep the TO...
MANDREWS
Look at Lamar man so inspirational
Don’t get the timeout from John.
"Boys, I think I'm going to die"
Chest is pounding
LJ finishes this drive and he shuts up a lot of Twitter users and talk show “analysts”
"You guys have Justin tucker, this game should be in the bag as long as you get inside the 40 yard line"
"Palms sweaty!

Mom's spaghetti!"
JTUCK TIME
In Tucker We Trust
YESESSSS
Fuck yeahhhhhhh
"**JUSTIN ""ICE IN MY VEINS"" TUCKER!!!!!**"
Buying some rofo chicken tomorrow. God bless JTuck
GAME OF THE YEAR
#FUCK THE BROWNSSSSSSS
TUCKER GOT A NICE LONG LEG
THATS MY FUCKING GOAT
This game about killed me. We got some major shit to figure out.
LAMAR WINS A BIG GAME YOU LIKE THAT YOU MEDIA TALKING HEADS
Tucker deserves Flaccos 2012 salary
I WILL have Tucker’s BABIES
You love to fucking see it
FUCK YOU BROWNS!!!!! YEAH!!!!!!
My heart I can’t do this anymore
#I'M GOING TO HAVE A FUCKING HEART ATTACK WHAT THE FUCKING FUCK
I want to have Tucker's babies
LETS HERE SOME MORE ABOUT ABOUT JUSTIN FUCKING TUCKER
THIS WAS BY FAR THE MOST EEMOTINAL RAVENS GAME. I LOVE YOU GUYS! HOLY FUCK.
jackson attacking tucker like that was adorable
No porn has ever looked as good as tucker kicking that 55 yarder
"Lamar clutched the living fuck out of this game man, amazing plays this game."
"Haven't posted all night, but FUCK YEAH!!!!!!

Lamar's throws may not be the prettiest, but damn its clutch.

Edit: Arm comment is about TD and getting the GOAT in range."
Hahahaah
Jesus fuck
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
[deleted]
that just made me richer
What a game.
WE GOING 11-5 WE MAKING OUR SUPER BOWL RUN LET'S FUCKING GO!!!
MAKE IT 47
I hate this last play goofball shit that the NFL still allows. It shouldn't happen.
"Sigh.  Safety.  

Classic call."
This has to be one of the best regular season games I've ever seen.
baker better get to work cleaning up that stadium
"Ravens vs. Browns spread: **Ravens -3**. Ravens vs. Browns over-under: 45.5 points. Ravens vs. Browns money line: Ravens -170, Browns +150"
I need an ambulance
GAME OF THE FUCKING YEAR
Craziest game I’ve watched in 26 years.
Oh my fucking GOD!!!! I XANT EGEN TYPE RITW WTF!!!!!
" 🅱️IG 🅱️OY FOOTBALL
LETTTTTSS GOOOOOOOOOOO"
One of the most insane games Ive seen
HAHAHA AND A SAFETY
God damn that was a game. I wish the Browns would go back to sucking.
I can’t watch football anymore
JUSTIN TUCKER
Nothing I love seeing more than sad Browns fans
Baker is such a little bitch....
fuck lebron james too
Fuck the GOP for refusing to issue stimulus checks
Jesus christ this pass blocking won't even allow Lamar to execute a simple drop back.
These refs and these bullshit calls gonna help the Browns win. How did Judon get a roughing the passer penalty when Mayfield still had the ball? He was sacked!
You ain’t Lamar dude
Greg Roman just gave a huge middle finger to the entire team
The entire nfl fan base and league will tell you that it’s impossible to run your way to a bowl. I believe we can do it
We can't win every drive guys Browns are 9-3 they're a good team
BRUH CHANGE YOU CLEATS JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
"Roman has got to go. Abandon what works IMMEDIATELY, then 2 straight run plays when they need 21 yards for a first. Good riddance."
I haven’t hated a member of the organization like Roman in a very long time
Biggest adjustment going into the half needs to be changing these fucking cleats. Thenjummediately firing Greg Roman.
More sacks than pass attempts lmao
I'm prepared for Roman to kneel the half out that cuck weasel fuck lmfao
Guys it was clearly in bounds shut the hell up about it we have our timeout now
Hunt’s second foot was out. Absolute horseshit
"""gOiN fOr TwO hErE""

how the FUCK is steve levy the lead announcer on mnf?? hes atrocious every single week"
Call a damn hold for fucks sake
Y’all remember 39-38 in Pitt? Feels like that
plenty of time ya flip flops
[removed]
LeBron no
Lamar has ice in his fucking veins
Lamar in MVP form
Marquise “Hollywood” Brown is now starring in Breshad Perriman 2: electric boogaloo
The ESPN female presenter looks like Bon Jovi in the 80s
He was out
"Damn my dad for getting me into this sport. ""Watch football to escape real life""

This shit is 100x worse than my life."
"Holy shit why the Fuck are there so many people there?  300k dead... 
  
Stay Classy Ohio."
"Roman, why the fuck did you run it twice on 20 to go..."
Wide open cant blame roman
We’re playing white on purple uni
Ugly ass drive but points are points i guess
"Was that the Seahawks 4th down play from last year?

Either way good drive, now get Lamar new cleats lol"
So tired of these lame ass penalties getting called.
Let’s be real: the only bad call was the one on Judon. Both PIs were legit. Sucks but the ravens do this all the time.
Chiefs fan here. Fuck Baker hope y'all smash his ass tonight.
Why the fuck would you run three consecutive pass plays. How are these people employed.
Lmao attempted murderer myles garrett is their man of the year nominee
Once again we pay too much money for our defense to be this ass. Lead the league in money spent on D but what do we have for it...
I'm sorry but Elliott kinda sucks
Lamar needs to change his cleats
First play we fucking pass. What is Roman thinking
  Holy fuck ESPN that Hollywood shade was worth the broadcast
HES OUT OF BOUNDS! DIDNT GET 2 FEET IN
I'm enjoying the fuck out of this game.  This is a a good game of football. I'm glad.
"Defense needs to step-up and crack some skulls. 

Wink, your zone isn't working. Scheme it up."
"Fucking Christ, Lamar. That’s BAD"
Our receivers rarely get open but lamar misses them too often when they do actually get open.
Defense bout to bail us out... T R U Z Z
Two receivers butt ass naked. Gotta make that throw man.
We all knew they were going to get that 4th. Classic ravens. It’s a given really.
Had no idea you could challenge for 12 men on the field. Don’t really like that regardless of this outcome
Uhh Lamar has to shit give him a break.
And Lamar is questionable to return with cramps. It never fucking ends.
How was there no hold called there on their o line?? Middle rush was gettin bear hugged
I don't see how we can pull this off without Lamar on the field.
Baker is like that coach's son who expects favorable treatment constantly
Get a real WR1 next year when you're watching the post season on the couch 😡
LAMAR BRO WHERE ARE U
I can't wait until we cut Marquise Brown and he becomes a superstar somewhere else
Game over.
The offense needs to click and the secondary needs to play better than last week.
Can we atleast minimize the stupid flags on offense today? I’m so tired of the extra man on the field calls every single damn game. Time and time again they prove to be drive killers. Snapping needs to be on point today how many times do we almost fumble a snap? Atleast once game it seems like.
I don't know what to do with my hands.
Hoping to see that sweet sweet Lamar to Mandrews connection in full force tonight.
Let’s run the table!
This is gonna sound sad but I’m so anxious I feel like I’m getting dressed for my first JV basketball game again lmao
The Black Keys and the Ravens are a good mix
This is the first game I've been able to watch in like a month. Finally.
MP JUICEMAN monster game tonight please.
Peters has not been good in the second half of the season so far I hope he makes a big play tonight
"Browns fans 100 years from now:

""My grandfather was alive when we didn't have a team for 2 years and he said that's why we haven't been to the playoffs yet."""
PERNELL
PRESSURE ON THE QB WHO IS TEAM
Embarrassing
If that’s all they get out of a trick play I’m calling it a win
"It's not right that some stadiums can have 12,000 fans and others can't have any. Maybe I'm just bitter."
YES A CLEAN TACKLE BY THE SECONDARY!!
Am I crazy or is there something off with the camera angle?
"Outside of the corners, every Ravens defensive player is pretty ass in coverage"
Why don’t we do play action on offense
"First drives are the exception y'all, they're often scripted and full of new looks"
"Fuck 

Not ideal but we got this"
That defense was pathetic
It’s ok. Let’s get it back
Thats fine. Lamar about to go off.
"ugh fuck, that's some bad luck, two great strip tackles, and we don't recover"
"Not too worried by that drive, they clearly had a very scripted first drive. I think the next drive will be very telling."
It’s okay we haven’t seen the offense yet
"Screens meant to attack Board specifically, could be a long night. They’re going to try to make us a one dimensional passing team fast."
Fucking tissue paper defense
"Sidenote, that was a really good NBA on ESPN commercial"
Did they even have a 3rd down? Serious question.
Please use Dobbins
"What the ever loving shit was that?

Edit: Not the animation, that was cool."
Greg Roman sucks
"It's sad the state of our pass rush. We used to be such a scary front 7, and now we got pussies in the front who can't escape even old man suggs' shadow. 

Suggs would have 6 sacks on this D and he's fucking nearing 40."
Lmao weak ass play
The heck was that
"Lamar just needs to play his game tonight ...

First play flea flicker"
Convinced we are the only team that can’t complete trick plays either some fuckery happens with the refs or we just blow it
"do yall not realize that play was shit because our recievers cant get open,"
I thought we had thrown a pick or fumbles it by everyone’s reaction in here with that first play. Y’all are unbelievable sheesh
Wow I was sure that was gonna be on us lmao
Lamar has to always bail out this shitty play calling
Dobbins stunting on OSU and Browns fans will fulfill my deepest desires
Slippety ass field
FREE THE ELF
This team is incredibly sloppy. It’s very unharbaughlike this late in the season.
"This offense is so JV, lol."
Roman leaving his mark on this offence
More pathetic offense
AY HOLLYWOOD IS HERE
Yeah that's just a bit of PI. Just a little.
The Torrey Smith special
Flashbacks to that classic Flacco to Smith connection!
#JOE FLACCO IS BACK BABY
That was a good move by Brown to draw that on a questionable throw.
Lol how TF do you pi that bad
What the fuck is their field?
Duvernay and Lamar both slipped on this field
God bless this speedyboi
man imagine this offense without lamar
Lamar: just give me the damn ball. Ill do it myself
Lamar needs to change his cleats ASAP. Every damn play he's slipping. Gonna break his own ankle.
Honest to god it feels like the announcers are TRYING to jinx us. FK OFF!
Good to see us using Dobbins first drive
LAMAAAAAAAAA
Lamar!  TD!!
RUN LAMAR RUN
BELEE DAT
LETS GOOOO
blocking was PERFECT on that run lets go
Stuntin
Wooooooo
Let's gooooo
If that’s how the game goes might be a 10 pass attempt type of night for us
The difference between Bozeman when pass blocking and pulling might be the biggest skill discrepancy in the NFL.
D has to step up now
"We are lucky they didn't call Andrew, his foot was beyond the line of scrimmage."
Just sing Tuck cooking isn't your passion it's opera with royal farms
Way to respond let’s go defense now
Jesus who makes these graphics for ESPN? Some poor intern?
Bills stadium would be more lit than the Browns.
Lmao even at limited capacity they all pack in the center of each section. Cleveland public education at work
"*checks /r/NFL thread*


Don’t go there guys Jesus Christ"
Just keep forcing fumbles and we’ll pick one up eventually.
"Bit of a weak call there, but Clark lost the ball."
Bro that’s fucking soft wtf
Are you fucking kidding me?
BULLSHIT
Personal foul. Tackling the qb
Why was that roughing the passer?
Refs are fucking us already lol
# WHAT THE FUCK
how is that roughing the passer what
That’s a bad roughing.
Ravens FOOTBALL!
8 FF holy shit
That was a tackle! How else are you supposed to do that?
We can’t catch a damn break
Fuck the refs
Marlon just pushed it right back to him great job bruh
Refs get worse and worse each week
Fuck these browns and fuck these refs
"Marlon pushed it back under Landry, fuck."
How the fuck is that Cleveland’s ball
What reffing is this?
IF CAMPBELL HAS THE BALL ITS SUPPOSE TO BE OUR BALL RIGHT?
That’s straight bullshit
About to force 99 fumbles and not recover any of them
Ravens vs the ugly uniforms and zebras. Wtf are these calls
Not even worried at this rate we’ll get 10 ff tn
Gonna be a ref game
These fucking refs man 😂
Seriously though how in the hell do you give judon roughing the passer there?
RIGGED
"The fix is in, y’all."
What on the god damn fuck
the refs are so against omgggggg
I don't like to complain about the refs but MY GOD. This drive is NOTHING without them
These refs are dogshit. Now wonder they love the Browns
Are you gonna tell us it's not rigged?
Refs are fuccing us without lube
Oh cool
Ah come on!
Refball at it’s finest
These are such weak ass calls
You literally can't do anything on defense
"He made a play on the ball, what the fuck"
Ight imma need judon to take the ref the fuck out idc
he literally gave him a tiny ass touch fuck off
Fire the refs kick em out of the league . All the refs suck I’m every game
My head already hurts
What are these calls tonight?
I’m about to go to footlocker and start throwing hands
The last 5 force fumbles in a row have either bounced out of bounds or right back into the hands of the offensive player. God hates us right now.
God fuck these refs
"Scripted sports, nothing new"
Are we gonna see a penalty every other play tonight?
If we lose this game I bet it’s because of all the ref bs pass interferences 🙄 Refs and Browns vs Ravens
How come everything we do is always a fucking foul? Is it possible to get 1 fairly reffed game?
You can’t saw the NFL loves the Ravens after these garbage cans
Browns literally just trying to get flags
We just got away with a mean ass offsides
These fucks and going for it on 4th...
Kinda wish they went for it lmao.
Lol Baker commercial
These refs are throwing so many flags I'm getting heated even when it's on the Browns.
Just wanted to drop by and scream FUCK THESE FUCKING REFS!  FUUUUCCKKKKKKKK!!!!
Ball don't lie
Karma for that 4th down PI call
BOI YOU AINT NO JUSTIN TUCKER
LMAOOOO FUCK THE BROWNS
Love Tucker.
You suck lololol
Ball don’t lie bitch
Should have gone for it 🥴🥴
"As soon I as I say Codey Parkey's name, I screamed ""MISS!!!!!"""
We only had one drive this whole quarter lol
Browns didnt have any gimmicks but the refs helped them a bunch that drive...feeling good about our defense with all the ff's and qb hits!!
HOLD THIS MASSIVE L PARKEY HAAAHAHAHA
Maybe they should have actually gone for it on 4th and 8...
"Bad throw, bad play call and a drop"
Alright love ya Lamar but throw the damn ball.
We literally can’t pass it against the depleted browns secondary Roman is gonna get fired after this game
LOL THERE'S THE FUCKING ILLEGAL SHIFT LIKE CLOCKWORK
Seriously wtf is with his cleats
CHANGE YOUR CLEATS I BEG
Fuck Greg Roman
I swear to god Cleveland if your shitty field injures Lamar...
"Cleveland such a dysfunctional org that even the FIELD sucks.

Goddam."
Lamar get some new cleats please
Ah yes love our passing schemes. What tf is a quick slant
I would have turned off the game if they called for contact on that fair catch
If i were gus i’d request a trade this is fucking unreal we don’t give him the ball
RUN THE FUCKING BALL GREG
Oh good more commercials
Phillips is getting worked
Please get Ole Miss OC. Enough of this uncreative dinosaur play calling
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS A RUN PLAY...
Run. The. Fucking. Ball
Around 55 yards in penalties so far? Its the second quarter yikes
Man all these flags what the FUCK
Fuck this ref
These refs are going to be the stars of the game
The refs make games unwatchable
This team and the flags.  Either we are the most undisciplined team in the league or the refs absolutely hate us.  Or both?
Throw Roman out of a helicopter over a North Korean prison camp with a Kim Jong Un sucks shirt
This is laughable. Wont even show the penalty replay.
Fire Greg Roman NOW
Browns should kneel every play they’ll get to the redzone with penalties
Ref's plan
#MARLON
Would’ve loved to see Marlo & Peters with Reed 😭
"Fuck me have fuckin James urban call the plays or some shit

Whoever the QB coach is."
We are so undisciplined lmfao
Good stop
Good job D
Marlon Humphrey is the best corner in the league.
Marvin the only one out there fucking trying.
Good stop by the D. Need to convert on this drive coming up.
"Fake punt

Edit: nvm"
Baker a tight end playing QB. That’s how it works right?
He could have ran for that first lol
WITH THE FAKE OUT!
Smart play
Proche clutch
Let's go ole Greg. Free Dobbins!
Baker playing scared
Defense woke up which means Offense will go to sleep now.
"So on the screen pass, I’m not going the lie, I said holding, finally!! Then I realized..."
Greg please don’t call 3 pass plays
Good call Proche
"What’s wrong with the offense - an answer in 3 acts

1) There is one quality receiving threat on the team. 

2) The OC is a crappy passing game designer. 

3) The QB is not an elite enough passer to overcome 1 and 2."
Free Dobbins!!!
As soon as we run we get 10 yards. Maybe we should abandon it...
"For what it’s worth the defense definitely looks better than they did the first drive, hope they can keep it up and we go back to running"
Man of the year...who tried to kill a man on the football field
So does that cancel out him hitting another player with a helmet?
"""Look at all the good Miles Garret did, by the way... It was a year ago today he smashed Mason Rudolph's head in with his own helmet! Back to you Jan!!!"" Lmao"
GUS BUS + JK... WE NEED MORE OF THIS!
Thank God Roman looks to this sub for playcalls
Okay ESPN can we stop suckibg off Garrett for 5 minutes and call the game?
Dobbins aka  N O O D L E M A N
Runs = yards. Weird.
Love that they are calling out Garrett’s bs
#freedobbins
Give Dobbins 40 carries
Dobbins with an entourage LOL
#POUND THE ROCK JK FUCK YEAH
Dobbins averaging 12 YPC
Trash field is trash
OH YES I LIKE YOU JK
JK lets goooooo
Wtf did the Browns put on that field
Tf is on this field dude
FIRE THE GROUNDS TEAM
SWITCH CLEATS
Holy shit Dobbins
What is this slipping? They’re even talking about it now
Is the field greased in butter?
GTFO GARRETT.
This field is Disney on Ice 😒
DID THEY SPREAD BUTTER ON THE FUCKING FIELD!? CHEATING FUCKING DOGS
The Ravens and having good RBs with #27. NAME A BETTER DUO
This surface is in shambles.
I thought Dobbins was down 3 separate times on that run lol. What a beast.
Poverty franchise with a poverty field
Putting tape labelled DOBBINS on top of my Rice jersey
JK Dobbins making plays while wearing 27 makes me feel certain feelings...
Baker must be doing some serious carpet cleaning in his home why is it so slick
Enter Willie Snead
The field was made by Slip N Slide
L FREAKY
lamar fast
"Backs, receivers, and O-line all blocking their tails off."
I better see 0 more pass plays
Draft Kings lady has a head like a chinese new year dragon
RUN RUN RUN RAVENS FOOTBALL
Wholesome
Damn that sweep with Duvernay had TD written all over it
Fuck yesss
"Lamar having fun, game is over"
BEEP BEEP
Harbs just needed a hug
"All aboard the Gus bus, next stop the dog pound to adopt some more children"
Let’s go Gus!
Good things happen when we run the ball
BALL. DON'T. LIE
Run the ball. Good things happen.
Wait.... Running the ball.... WORKED?
Lol Hollywood just steps out of the way
I really like the deception of using Gus to the outside.
🚌 💨
Gus the bus crashing through
The awareness to stretch. Great play.
I LOVE THE GUS BUSSSSS
Clear touchdown
It’s in fuck you announcers
YALL HEARING 7 NATION ARMY LMAO
\#THE WHEELS ON THE GUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
Good drive. Keep running the fucking ball
RUNTHEBALL
just run it down their fucking throats all game
I said GR is gonna go 3 and out and he ran almost every play... is saying that the key?
This team reminds me of 2018 so much it’s kinda weird lol
ROMAN CALLING RUN PLAYS... WHAT A CONCEPT!!!
Was Garrett out for the remainder of that drive?
RUN THE DAMN BALL
Can we franchise tag Edwards?
"Cleveland browns may have a better record, but they’re still the little brother of the division"
Fuck's sake
Come on d
Pathetic defense
I don’t have any stats to back me up but bad things happen when we play zone way more than when we play man to man
"Peters was in a tough spot there either way, if he runs with the deep route they have it underneath, someone blew an assignment."
Deshon Elliott is an automatic first down in coverage. You hate to see it.
Stop playing zone wtf
FUCK
"Hell with it, respond back."
Cannot give them this ball back
I really don’t understand our defensive strategy tonight.
"Defense cannot implode like that, but it's clear to this point that the offense is going to win us this game. Take all 4 minutes here. Double up after the half. Opportunity is being presented"
I wish they would focus on tackling instead of trying to strip the ball every time.
Offense shows up. defense doesn’t. Defense shows up. Offense doesn’t. Always something with this team
Score here and again after half and were up 2 scores halfway thru the 3rd
It could be worse let’s get points here
FUCKING HELL LAMAR TAKE YOU RCLEATS OFF
Bro what the FUCK is with this slipping
Fucking change the cleats
Oh my god someone get Lamar new cleats
#GET LAMAR NEW CLEATS RIGHT NOW 🙏🙏🙏
Time out change cleats
Bring out the snow shoes FUCK
"If I die just know, fuck Greg Roman"
What the fuck is happening with his shoes. Holy shit.
Browns ground keeper was compromised.
"Change your cleats, man!"
Get that man different cleats
Fuck Greg Roman
"Why dont you just punt it? Roman, if you’re gonna fucking bend over and take it in the ass like that. Fucking absolute clown."
Pathetic. Coaching staff doesn’t trust the players to get out of 2nd and longs
My man is heated!
Getting 5 yards a carry and we bootleg on first down
"Love that run game but 14 yards passing is an actual joke. Lamar can’t move right, no one is open, pass pro < run blocking, it’s a bad situation on that front"
The Greg roman special have 1 good year then be shit 49ers bills now us
Browns did us a favor by not taking a timeout there.
And this is why having zero passing offense will kill you. Took a 11 yard sack because lamar fell and then had to run two give up plays. The good nfl teams wouldn’t have done that.
No matter what happens this game is in the hands of Greg fucking Roman
"WE PASS WHEN WE NEED TO RUN, THEN RUN WHEN WE NEED TO PASS. WHAT THE FUCK"
Can Lamar just ignore Roman and call his own plays?
"Moron commentator: “Looks like a well manicured field”

Like this dork has ever dealt with trash turf"
"The thing that's so frustrating, is how we seem to struggle doing stuff that other teams do all game. Slants, hitch routes, drags, etc... Plays feel like a mad scramble to even get a positive yard."
"Man, would of been a shame to call the same plays the browns couldn’t stop the previous two drives."
give him some fucking cleats please
Harbaugh needs to either get in Romans ass Or start calling plays himself
I’m a little torn. I obviously want to make the playoffs but if this team is at their best they still have no chance against the chiefs. We need serious changes to the offense. This won’t do it if the goal is to win it all.
Justice Hill is all hustle.
FIRE GROUNDSCREW HOLY SHIT
Jesus Shon
DESHONE IS A BIG HITTER
DESHON ELLIOTT PLAYS LIKE A MF RAVEN
Just witnessed a car accident on the field
GODDAMN WHAT A HIT BY JOKER
Why can’t we fucking tackle
I cannot believe we haven't turned any of these chances into turnovers yet
Gotta make that play yannick
Fuck Baker lmao
Baker is such a whiny bitch
Baker whining
ESPN is disgustingly bad at showing replays.
Og shit I'll take it
"judon and yannick balling out, things you love to see"
Judon lit his ass up again!
i could watch these slow motion hits on Baker mixed with him looking like Vince McMahon on repeat for 45 mins to trance music
2 TO and about 1 minute... Let's put up at least 3 boys!
This fuck ass hoe saying not grounding cause judon his arm. Replay shows him rocketing the ball on his lmaoooo
Judo. Finally playing like it’s a contract year.
"Lo key, how tf did he not fumble"
No stupid special teams penalities right now please.
Go film a commercial BAkeR maYfiELD stop crying
55 yds 2 timeouts lets get something here boys
Let’s get 3
I think there are more Baker Progressive commercials than Flo’s
JT get that leg warm my boy
Nice ! Fuck you baker
We cannot piss this away.
Td here and on then on opening drive of the 2nd half and then hays In the barn
Mark Ingram doing work in that Tide commercial.
I’m scared. Philips is my boy at guard but idk if I trust him in obvious pass situations like this
"Credit to our defence, they were incredible on that drive. Hope our offence can get us some points, or at least bleed the clock, and I hope
LJ changed his damn shoes."
i hate liberty mutual commercials more than anything else
"i think we can all agree that roman is a dumbass, i just wanna know why harbaugh doesn’t step in and say “hey that’s fucking stupid no we’re not gonna throw on first down and then run on second and long”"
Come on offense. Don't fuck this up GRo.
Member week 1 against the Browns when we scored a TD in like the last 27 seconds just before the half?
Would have been nice if Lamar got new cleats after that last drive...
is this our first time playing in Cleveland
Between Lamar and deshun Watson i don’t think I’ve seen an offense let there QB down more the oline the plays the receivers just awful
New cleats secured!
Come on Soulja
"Call me crazy, but run it, use the timeouts and get the field goal."
Brown is trash. Where’s Andrew’s?!?!
Typical Marquise
Can we PLEASE get Lamar a receiver in the off-season
Sojas only catch when they are wide open.
-8 passing yards...
Lamar Jackson is an ELITE NFL quarterback
"“This team needs a receiver, let’s be honest”"
Mark Andrews is alive!!
DONT EVER FUCKING DOUBT LAMAR AND MANDREWS
We should honestly trade marquise for a 2nd like hurst
Hollywood is so fucking small lmao.
Lamar and Andrews my goddd
Lamar putting the team on his back
"*me* “oh man just throwing it away 

*Mark Andrews* hahah YOU THOUGHT"
"#OH
#LORT"
Lamar!!!!!
**MANDREWS**
Damn Lamar can catch his own passes better than Brown can
YESSSSSSSS!! And a little wall ball there to celebrate
That’s my fucking QB
"That’s right LJ, spike that ball into the bleachers hell yes"
No more slipping!!!!
I might name my kid Lamar at this rate
No receivers so you gotta do it yourself
"THATS MY FUCKING BOY. ASK NOT WHAT LAMAR CAN DO FOR YOU, ASK WHAT YOU CAN FUCKING DO FOR LAMAR JACKSON. 

SHOUTOUT TO OUR ONLY SOULJA, BIG MARC!!!"
And people really think Lamar is the problem... smdh
EASY MONEY $$$$$$
Lamar putting the mfer team on his back right now.
"If we get 2 good receivers next year, we will be unstoppable"
Lamar big mad 😡
even browns players are slipping. this field is trash
New cleats!!!! YES
LAMAR IS JESUS
These announcers are so dumb. In what world have the Browns had a better first half?
"If Lamar doesn't change his cleats he doesn't escape to make that throw to Andrews 

The fact that a professional football team can't figure out the best cleats for their starting QB before the game starts is embarrassing"
Lamar is such a freak. It's so fun.
These hoes are being stunted on
We getting hot at the right 🔥🔥🔥
Sometimes I wonder what the hell Peters is doing
"Browns fans are pure trash, I’m proud of my ban tonight, the shit they say about Lamar"
We have absolutely clobbered him today! Some old school shit
"Okay defence. It's time to end the game with 100 sacks on Mayfield. Also my man ""Soulja"" Brown get your shit together dude."
wtf is clark doing?
Hope he ain’t concussed
That was kinda funny.
Swear to god you better not have concussed yourself
Why do we that no rush at all on Hail Mary plays!
"***CHUCK, WATCH OUT FOR THAT POST!!!!!***"
do Berman and Al Michaels have the same hair stylist?
Gotta make it a two score game this drive and never look back. Lets go boys
Flea flicker to start the 1st let’s see a hook and ladder Roman!
The soulja caught it? AND fought for extra yards? Noice
FUCKING LAMAR IS A BOSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He is absolutely wild.
I think Lamar likes his new shoes
L FREAKY
Savage
These announcers are savage LMAOOOOO
THATS MY QB
Fuck throwing!  We running!
LLAMA
Here we gooooo!!!
Vintage Jackson! I love it!!!
D get a turnover and end this shit
HE IS HOUDINI
I vote to abolish the forward pass
Greg Roman sticking with the run fuck yes
LETS GET IT
Ravens football baby!!
GUS BUS EZ MONEY!!
LAMAR IS A BEAST. DUDE WOW
"WHAT A RUN. GUS, BABY."
D opened up wider than Mia Khalifas legs
FREAKY G INTO THE ENDZONE
This. This I like.
ROMAN WOKE UP
Okay. Every drive where we run the ball we score. Every drive where we start throwing for 3 downs we don't. This is NOT ROCKET SCIENCE. If we do this for the rest of the year we can win a lot.
almost Bengals-esque on that juke
BROWNS GONNA BROWN
this is fucking amazing this is what our run offense should be doing
🚌 CAN'T STOP WON'T STOP 🚌
Fuck the browns!
Hey look running the ball equals success
HE IS ELECTRIC ⚡⚡⚡⚡
RUN BALL
Looks like last year.
Imagine thinking Gus Edwards is a system back in 2020
This Jackson guy is pretty good
browns game thread is having a meltdown lol
I know our pass game is dogshit but these last two weeks they’ve been shredding teams in the run
this is a bad team. we need to continue to father them.
LETS FUCKING GO
"I took a good luck dab and hoped we'd run down their mouth and score opening drive to go up two scores.

I am very happy right now"
We are literally Navy😂😂😂😂
It would be amazing if we got a sack
Gus is a really good running back
So fire gro back the fuck up and admit he did what we all asked
"Come on, defense. I'm begging you just get a fucking stop"
that Gus Edwards run gave me an erection
Need a stop here. Remind these punk asses they’re still the Browns.
We’re due a strip sack
Someone stop this lame duck story 🤣 no one cares
we need to start talking about chuck clarks poor coverage this year
I wonder how Browns fans are feeling they cant blame the refs
God ESPN is so terrible.
No dumb penalties and bone head plays.
I miss Calais
Chuck Clark is boo boo in coverage
Why do our pass rushers always fall over?
We defended a screen pass well!!
At least they stopped that potential screen
Ravens have made excellent adjustments on D to the naked boot and screen game. Very nice to see.
"LJ Fort is lowkey really nice

Edit: that didn’t age well"
"Peters man, stop playing 10yds off"
Why the fuck is Fort covering Hunt?? Jfc
"Peters might as well play 50 yards off, they get those short passes every time"
He stepped out
Looks like it's all going to be on Lamar today. The defense just isn't stepping up.
That’s one foot in!?
How? You know what they’re doing and no one does a thing? Really? Looked him down the whole time. Drop a safety to help him. Damn.
Weak defense
Come on defense. Dont give the Browns life
"That was out of bounds, no?"
Our defense is really giving them life right now
Fucking defense. Let them back into the game immediately
LMAO.
How did cody parkey get a job back again
AFCN Shootout? Wtf is this
double doinker cant even doink
Welp offense looks like you’re the good one tonight
Wish we’d play Malik more
pass rush has to get home at some point or they will keep up with us
I take Tucker for granted way too much. Pay him whatever it takes to keep him a Raven for life.
Nothing like watching deshon Elliott shoot the gap....behind the goal line...
This defense needs a fuckin turnover. Do something man.
Boykin sighting
MILES BOYKIN SIGHTING!
Good catch Miles
Boykin and Hollywood caught a pass on the same day
"Lamar runs like a greased pig, can't touch him"
He had a rhythm I’m so hype rn
Mandrews
"I know they're mad that Lamar is beating them and desperately want to hit him, but that hit didn't even look that bad."
mandrews is clutch
At least it wasn’t an illegal formation
"How was that pass to Andrews ""too easy""?  It was an extremely tight window throw, could have been picked off if an inch different.  The pocket was starting to creep in on Lamar's heels as well, he didn't have a ton of room to step into the throw.  It was an excellent play by Lamar."
Jackson . You had him mannnnnnnnn
Lamar has just put too much air on some of those this year
Two fucking awful throws in a row.
Defense going to have to stop being little bitches here.
Smh we could've had a 1d. Lamar cmon you gotta make that
Defense better show up
The penalty really killed all of our momentum
Lamar really loves to give guys like Stephen A. Smith fodder for criticism good god
Guys I'm out of beer send help
"His inaccuracies are related to a lack of confidence IMO.  He’s less confident in his receivers, less confident in his O-line, and unfortunately it’s resulting in less confidence in himself.  He’s in his head this year."
TYUSSSSSS LETS GOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
WOOOO
BOWSER
YOOO DECOSTA MAX EXTENSION BOWSERRRRRRRRR
The Browns deserve this let’s go!!
TYUS BOWSER
I never realized how much I love and missed seeing the sad fans in the stands
"bowser read this reddit thread and said 'fuck y'all I got this"""
Bowser >>>>>> Judon..Pay dis man!!!
Fucking Lamar playing 3 d chess.  He overthrows to get the damn ball on the 1 yard line!!!!!!!
#BOWSER
I'm gonna miss Bowser when some team inevitably pays too much for him
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TOLD YALL MUTHAFUCKAS THE D WAS COMING UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh boy oh boy
"Going for two here! 

Lol Steve Levy is terrible."
The parking lot is 95% empty but Browns fans area already trying to get ahead of the line to get home.
SOMEONE DO THE HEIMLICH FAKER MAYFIELD IS CHOKING
NOOOOOO JT BLOCKED
HOW DARE THEY
do it again baker
"Not on Tuck, just good ST there."
Still 14 point lead
Shitty blocking. Shitty. Shitty. Shitty blocking.
Aren’t you not allowed to touch the long snapper? Morgan Cox just got hit on the extra point
Give JK his tds!!!!!!
Koch with the tackle 💪
Foot on their throat. Lets go.
Waiting for 1/2 this sub to ask us to fire morgan cox
"Casual stroll into the end zone becaUSE THIS SHIT IS EASY!!! 

EZ PZ"
Bowser gets my vote for most improved this year. Ferguson has flashed but Bowser has really come into his own.
KIck 6 revenge eh
The football gods take and they give
I love always having good LBs
The Browns are RATTLED
Scouting report: Nick Chubb cuts it back every single time they run that zone stretch.
Was hoping Bowser would rack up the sacks this season but instead he's become a monster in pass defense 😂 not complaining though
Start the excuse train lol
Is it that hard to tackle Landry? Damn.
Where were the hands to the face?
NO. IT’S WHERE THEY INITIATE NOT WHERE THEY LAND
So landry can drive our guy down by the head?
Ravens and dumb penalties. Name a better combo.
At this rate I expect Jimmy Smith to hurt his hand hitting the snooze button on his alarm clock
"Defense has done a pretty decent job of handling Chubb this far, all things considered. But man, they’ve struggled with everything else. Especially discipline."
So we win out and its 100% we get in
"Gamethreads:

1% football talk

99% hot gas"
Just get a stop here and out up 7 more
Imma need at least 10 moire points before I believe this is a win.
Isn’t “gimpy” considered a derogatory term? Thats the second time the announcer has said it.
"Shit that sucks, don't want to see that"
We gotta make those fucking sacks
How did Elliot whiff!!! Could have destroyed him
How do we miss these sacks
Clown ass tackling all night long
This may sound controversial but I don’t think we’re very good at sacking
we can't fuckin tackle
All Elliot had to do was make that sack. Fuck
Have we gotten these guys off the field today holy fuck
"Aaand there's the pose: arms out palms up.

PLAY THE GAME BAKER. WIPE YOUR TEARS."
How is that not an obvious pick play?
He’s pointing at the 12 men guys
Yo this Harris dude is playing great
Dawg PRESS THEM
Since when can you challenge penalties?
The entire bench is on the field
How do you play double team Landry until it's on a 4th down?
Did Jimmy Smith get hurt somewhere?
"I’m just getting home from work and loving the score so far!! Keep it going Ravens, foot on the gas."
"One stop could have really made things hard on Cleveland, instead we just let them pick up 8-12 yards a play. It’s demoralizing."
At least our defense is giving the offense a rest!
SORRY WHERE IS LAMAR????
Lamar Jackson has diarrhea 💩💩
Oh great I hope Lamar is ok. That worries me he is in the locker room.
"Lamar had to drop a deuce, ms sideline reporter"
Lamar going doodoo
Lamar gone for a dump 😂
“WHERE IS JA?!”
Bruh...Llama got the shits lol
So why is Lamar in the locker room??
those on delayed streams: they just announced Lamar went into the clubhouse and hasn't come back for the whole Brown's drive. McSorely is not warming up.
Twitter is going to look at that 15 man penalty as Primary evidence that the refs favor Baltimore lmfao.
Lamar didn't want to fart in front of anyone
Lamar hold it in like I did at subway as a teen
He’s taking a shit
They're going to go for it on every 4th at this point
Good shit defense
If McSorley has to check in its pretty much a guaranteed 70 yard td to Hollywood 😂
Of course he’s wide open
Bruh left him wide ass open
Pathetic
Unfucking believable.
"Oh, no. Marcus Peters is down."
Guys I guarantee you we would rather have Marcus not hurt then what looks like just happened.
Holy shit Peters
"I’ve been bitching about our soft ass secondary for weeks and I kept getting dogged for it by people saying we have, statistically speaking, one of the best in the league. Stats be damned watch the fucking games this defence has been mediocre"
Have such a love/hate relationship with Peters. His lows are just so low
Probably acting hurt because he blew the damn TD
Our 4th down defense has been an anomaly tonight. How have we let them get it every time??
The offense absolutely must answer with points.
The defense cannot stop anything this is so pathetic
Shit Lamar. Cramps.
Peters been a liability for a while though
fucking luckbox bullshit
Of course that would happen.
Oh yeah. Just from that alone I have a horrible feeling
We would get fucked like this man
What QB is coming in for us?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Lol this defense loves failing in the most spectacular way
Yup that blocked extra point is going to come back to haunt us
You lucky fucks
Pls lamar come back
What else did we expect?
We are fucking cursed
This year is fucking depressing af
Defense gonna blow another lead??
Un fuckin believable how things change guys
"Lamar with CRAMPS.

&#x200B;

TRACE in.... Fuck my life."
"It's the regular 4th quarter meltdown, guys. don't act like it's new"
I cannot believe they just showed Lamars diarrhea run. The disrespect.
I’m sorry what
Fuck!
That waddle though down the hallway though... cramps or craps?
TikTok fucktards happy now? Your glory boy is in!!!!
wow. And defense isn’t holding up
Amazed no one can spell mcsorley
Every bounce has gone their way. 3 forced fumbles and the got them all and now that shit
Lamar will be back to come back cramps hell get iv and be back next drive
Fuck Marquise brown
Fucking cut his ass. Brown is trash.
Hollywood Brown is so bad
ARE YOU SHITTING ME CUT HIS ASS
HOLLYWOOD WHAT THE FUCK
Wow this is a nightmare
G’damn Hollywood
I'm officially over him
Hollywood is a piece of shit.
Fuck you soulja. Go fuck yourself.
The worst time to drop a pass there hollywood
Fuck you Hollywood
He can fucking go.
Brown wtf
Cut brown
Lol wide open I'm done with his fuckin ass
Marquise you bum.
Soulja
Bollywood Brown strikes again.
Fucking bust.
Get this fucking bitch ass Bollywood piece of shit off the team
MARQUISE YOU FUCKING BUM HOLY SHIT
Fuck this shit Bruh cut him.  He’s a bust.
Soulja is not soulja
"Offseason plan: Fire Greg Roman and all his staff, draft 7 wide receivers, drop hollywood to the bottom of the depth chart as a message"
Marquise Brown is absolute horseshit
Lol fuck this season
What’s the point of having souljas if you never use em
Cut his ass right now.  He sucks.
"Why the fuck is mcsorely out there. 

Also, what the fuck Brown. You had no business dropping that."
Brown is done dude why is he still out there
That’s all folks. Defense ain’t stopping shit all night
We could‘ve had Ridley in 2018
Lmaooo Hollywood gtfo..ur bad
Trace could walk the ball up to Hollywood and hand it to him and he’d still drop it
Cut Brown
Marquise is a total bum
Honestly Hollywood shouldn’t be on the field at all
We’re about to choke a 2 TD lead... no fucking way
Lamar is dropping the Browns off at the Super Bowl in more ways than one
Hollywood on the fuckin D list right now
Delete marquis
Marquise Brown is ass.
What the actual fuck
Hollywood? More like skid row.
What a fucking bum. Wow. Brown is so fuss disappointing
"""Soulja"""
Fire Roman run the fucking ball.
Peyton Manning literally couldn’t throw it any better and you drop it
Defense could grow a set of balls here but that's prob to much to ask for
How many drops has he had this year?
This has completely deflated my sails for this game. I feel like I just wasted my entire night now.
Marquise sucks. No idea what people see in him.
"If you can’t catch, you’ll get replaced by someone who can, but not if you play for the ravens"
"Why can we never draft good receivers?

This team is cursed at the WR position."
"I've stopped tryna defend his ass weeks ago, now I actually need him on the bench"
Baker reminds me of the white guy in the Neighborhood sitcom.
Momma did raise a wuss
baker such a bitch
"Marquise can’t be defended anymore, dude is a liability"
At this point I just want the suffering to end.
Mayfield cries more than Philip Rivers. And that’s saying something.
My God Baker your such a little cunt
Breshad Perriwood
Blitz on 2nd but not on 3rd downs....wtf
USE YA SOULJAS
Need defense to do something. This is embarrassing
"Slant flat routes, cant defend it still"
Just fucking fade me now
This defense can’t get a stop
I dont think Lamar was just pooping
We gunna blow this huh?
Man we need a stop so bad but our defense is gassed
Baker is such a fucking bitch boy
"Brown needs to go to the bench, now"
It says a lot that the browns backup RB Is a better WR than any player on our team.
Apparently we put Levine in at CB before Peters came back out.
Defense can’t stop shit. Damnit man.
If we lose this game when we were up by 14...jfc Hollywood
Why is someone wide open every play this shit is so infuriating
We can’t stop anything they are doing
Oh my god we can’t stop them
He’s back to WR 15. Fuck sake marquise
Riddick not afraid to call people tf out lmao
Why is this defense so bad?
HOLDDDDINNNG Jesus
Holding again fucm you refs suck my cock
Our defense fucking sucks
[deleted]
Defense is fucking done. They're already on the bus.
Harris is getting burned every play
No fucking hold!!??
Blatant hold
That was a massive hold
We are going to choke it away again.
Cant let them score. We may not be able to score again.
Only hope here is somehow hold them to a FG.
This D is so sorry
This is so depressing to watch
Lamar come back please
Hope the Browns go one and done in the playoffs.  Then wait another 18 years for another playoffs appearance to go one and done again.
HOLDING????
Wheres the holding calls?
This game was over when we let them convert that last 4th down.
There’s way too much talent on this defense for it to be this incredibly bad
Lamar's missed Andrews TD was BIG
This defense constantly gets whooped in the ass and they still don’t give a shit lmao
Manifesting Lamar back on the field
"Don’t worry guys, they’ll just throw a TD"
"Every week it’s the same bullshit. Trash ass defense, stupid penalties, injuries, and horrible luck."
"This team needs a serious reset with defensive line, WR and a real OC"
Have we stopped a team on the goal line this year?
Can we please just get a fucking stop
"TACKLE, YOU DUMB FUCKS"
This team is soft as Charmin. It's sad.
Fuck this defense. Absolutely disgrace.
This season fucking sucks dick
here come all the browns into our thread
Brown for blame of the game even if we win
What the fucking fuck
Our defensive line is so damn slow. I know we play a 3-4 so they are big guys but damn they can’t move at all
This is just getting pathetic
If Lamar isn’t back this is done.
Please LJ
"The team fucking quit, what garbage, fucking worthless defense, what a waste"
wow what the fuck is happening
[deleted]
We've become a joke. Baker Mayfield is breaking contain
This is a nightmare
This is fucking shattering
All those Shitland fans spreading COVID
This man didn't even run! Just jogs and watches their win fade away.
We got this!!! 😤😤😤😤
"I tuned in when we were up 14, what the fuck man. Whenever I'm watching this team is trash"
Our defense gave up 35 and media will still blame Lamar
Well at least I have you all to be miserable with
Lamar come back
I fucking hate Baker the cunt
Playing like this we don't deserve to make the tournament
Is holding not a thing anymore?
"Lemme give you a tip, Trace: literally anyone but number 15"
Brown=Scrawny ass bum
"Defense never gets clutch stops, they fold every time in the 4th."
Only way we win is if we drain as much clock as we can and get in Tucker range.  Defense can't stop them.   We can't let them get the ball back
I’m still on Brown’s 3 dropped passes
Dobbins hasn't touched the ball since he scored.
It’s like Dean Pees is calling the defense again.
Defense sucks ass
"If you are up 14 points late in the 3rd quarter and you lose, it is on your OC. It almost happened against Philly and it might happen again tonight. In an offensive scheme that is BUILT for sustaining a lead (running the damn ball), Roman can't sustain a lead. Of course, many things are to blame. But I am ready for Roman to go."
I’m not crying ur crying
Trade Brown for a crab cake at the end of the year.
"No way it is cramping, they are saying that to try to keep optimism he is going to return."
Lamar goes out we start throwing ROMAN ARE DUMB ASF????
This defense is garbage.
"Incomplete pass on first, run for no gain on 2nd and 10 😂"
Fire Greg roman
"This team just has way, way too many glaring issues."
"No, roman isnt calling this differently"
"Another game, another blown lead"
Snead is the real WR1
Nice catch Snead
Willie Snead is the most clutch receiver on our team
WILLIE FUCKING SNEAD
USE AS MUCH CLOCK AS POSSIBLE
Can't have that Dobbins
"Keep Snead, Duvernay, and Bryant. every other receiver can be traded honestly"
Flacco played on a torn ACL just saying
"Ok but there has to be something other than cramps happening right? Like, this is literally the season."
SNEAD IS THE MVP THIS YEAR
"just need 3 boys, just need 3"
McSorleys gonna pull this off. He’s gonna be a starter in the league.
Thank you Bradley
RUN THAT ROCK. GOAT FOR THE KICK!!!!
Are you fucking kidding me with this fucking season?
"roman

are you kidding me

WHAT WAS THAT"
That’s the play call? Jesus Christ.
Now he is back wtf
Are you fucking kidding me?
Fuck this shitty fucking turf in this shitty fucking stadium
HES BACK
NOW LAMAR SHOWS UP WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK
If lamar comes back after all of this.. fml
What is actually going on
This game is so fucking Ravens I’m gonna be sick
Am I watching Friday night lights right now
this storyline in the MCU is insane
This game is giving me aids
Lj is back!
finally lamar is back
Oh man Lamar. Be the hero the defense needs you to be.
fuck you Browns turf
OH my gOD JESUS IS HERE
Lamar running for the 1st here
BAH GAWD THAT'S LAMAR'S MUSIC
if only they could stop the play and call a time out or something
is this the wwe or nfl?
WHAT IS GOING ON???????????????
This some WWE shit
I'm going to offer a sacrifice for us to win. I wont say what... but its important to me.
lol pls lamar this would be a story book ending if he can win the game rn
As soon as it’s no help Lamar appears
Bah god that's Lamar Jackson's music!!!
Greg Roman can fuck off. What the fuck is that call?
Lamar coming out like the undertaker
This is def 4th down territory here
You think Lamar gets tackled and shits himself?
"Fuck, hope Trace is ok. Wb Llama...might be a bit late."
So which free agent QB do we pick up now? We have no backup now
This is fucking hilarious.
Come on that timing with Lamar is insane
Llama is back!!! STUNT ON THESE HOES!!!!!!
I can't watch this anymore
wait we still don’t have a backup tho
This is nutz
Feel like Im watching WWE “by God that’s Lamar Jackson’s music!”
"If Lamar pulls this off I may just cry...tears of joy, obviously."
OH MY GOD THATS LAMAR JACKSONS MUSIC
I'm sorry but still bench him
I SHIT MYSELF FOR LAMAR
REDEMPTION
THIS IS A FUCKING MOVIE ARE YOU SERIOUS?????
HE CAUGHT THE BALL
LAMAR FROM THE TOP ROPE
LAMAR IS LITERALLY GOKU
OH MY GOD
Lmfao marquise is the most Jekyll and Hyde player ever
Marquise officially gets to use Hollywood again this week
HOLY SHIT
The return of the king babyyy!
Is this wwe wrestling or the nfl what is even happening
"I swear if Marquise dropped that... 

I would've left him in Cleveland, he just made up for those drops (barely)"
LAMAR FUCKING JACKSON
"1:51 is still a LOT of time, tho.

We need the D to make a stop.  :("
Craziest game ever
LAMAR U UNBELIEVABLE BRO
Get the fuck outta here bruh this shit is WILD
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Hollywood's redemption arc started and completed in 1 game
Bro I'm literally about to throw the fuck up from this game what the fuck is happening it feels like a fever dream
LAMAR OUTTA NOWHERE
OHH MYYY FUCKING GOOOODDD!!!!!
FUCK U HOLLYWOOD WHY U GOTTA DO US LIKE THAT BRUHHHHH 😭😭😭😭😭
[deleted]
LAMAR MOTHER FUCKING JACKSON
I JUST CAME
Craziest 4th quarter in a while
SOULJA
"The Redemption of the year fuck me man, my fucking heart"
"#JK ALL FUCKING DAY

#WHAT IS THIS GAME"
What a fucking game. Disney couldn’t write this
Fuck the Browns all my homies hate the Browns
He caught the one that counted at least.
"my eyes are wet. nothing's gonna beat the Mile High Miracle but this was close, like, 60% of that"
Offense has literally done everything they could possibly do. Defense please don't fuck this up.
Goddamn Lamar fooled me even
Definition of mvp
Better than Greg Jennings in Madden 2010
Defense HAS to get a fucking stop
This is some Madden “got the team on his back” shit right now
PLAY LIKE A FUCKING RAVEN!
I'm gonna have a heart attack!!!
Most exciting Ravens game since the Mile High Miracle
Lamar is my spirit animal
Lamar Jackson just wanted y’all to remember how important he is to the team. Lol
BIGGEST PLAY OF THERE CAREERS
Lamar just saved the fucking day
Craziest game evar
He’s just sipping Gatorade like I wasn’t crying 5 minutes ago wtf
Fuck all you haters wanting to replace Lamar and Harbaugh
Brownies.....get the fuck out of my sub.
Lol this game is ridiculous
Lamar just popped a Tylenol and said fuck it
This is the absolute worst game to not have cable for. I’m so confused from tabbing between this thread and the gamecast. But it’s probably better for my heart this way.
Dobbins is amazing
Gentle reminder that we might not even be in this situation had it not been for Hollywoods drops. Props for the big play but dude is a liability. Don’t get rose colored glasses
This game is wild lol
Brown heard us yall lol
Dude Dobbins is hardcore
THIS SHIT FEELS SCRIPTED LIKE WWE.
This game should be a fuckimg movie
"Holy hell, Brown did it guys"
Someone please dig out that poop out of the toilet and frame it
lamar really took a shit and came back as superman
WHO GIVES A FUCK IF HOLLYWOOD DROPS 6 YARD PASSES WHEN HE CATCHES THE ONE THAT MATTERS
Lamar came out the bathroom like “TF y’all doing? We were up 14!”
"&#x200B;

Lamar looks sick.... And shivering on the bench?     🙏🏾"
All jokes aside gotta feel good for Hollywood. I know he’s been tough to get behind but good for him. Still would’ve been nice to catch that 3rd down pass from trace tho ..
MARLON TAKE MY FUCKING ENERGY
if Lamar doesnt get a cottonelle sponsorship by tomorrow we riot
Defense needs to have a Marquise moment to win this
Only our soft ass defense can blow this crazy ass game
Come on D keep them out of the end zone!
This defense makes me want to catch Covid
now i see why lamar had to shit ... this defense does that to you
Jesusss
Defense cant stop shit
Fuck this defense. Fucking garbage
FUCKING GOD DAMN IT DEFENSE YOU HAD ONE FUCKING JOB
[removed]
FUCK THIS FUCKING DEFENSE
That’s actually best case scenario. Plenty of time to get in fg range for tucker.
Horrible play by marlon
This is fucking ridiculous how helpless our defense is right now. That shit was EFFORTLESS for them
Fine. Go down. Win it with the FG
looks like the ravens can’t stop any shit tonight
Humphreys looking like a lost kid at walmart out there..
Marlon that was fucking sad
This is best case scenario. They left time for Lamar.
Marlon played that as if he was instructed to let them score quickly
That sucks but you guys can do this. 1:04 for Lamar to get this team in FG range and win it.
Reminds me of Chiefs/Rams two years back
This shit gonna give me a damn heart attack
"im not even mad. 1 min left, 1 timeout, with tucker as fg."
60 secs to get into fg range for tucker
Wink exposed
This will come down to Tucker
Why are they reviewing this? It's so clearly obviously a TD
This D is suddenly awful. Damn we’re unable to just put it all together
Tbh Hollywood shouldn't have been so excited to finally catch the ball. Run the clock and let Tuck put it away
WELP IM OVER IT. BLAME OF THE GAME IS THE VARSITY DEFENSE
i knew that miss extra point was an omen of things to come
This defense man is rough
"Just let it be a touchdown, we need the time..."
Defense has all our cap space and Still can’t do shit
If they go for two y’all better ducking stop it
This D absolutely needs a hard reset. Said it time and fucking time again. We need front 7 who are mean with high motors. Big guys who can bull lines.
Do we even have a defense out there? They can’t stop anything. We have all pros for what? A more expensive shell out there?
"Overtime? Bitch, theres still over a minute on the clock..."
"Man one game our offense is good on the other our defensive is good

Can we just get one game with both"
Our secondary got decimated tonight by injury. The second we lost Jimmy Smith we started getting toasted.
Defense has no fucking heart. Paid too much for this shit show.
Offense please.
I just have a weird feeling that Roman is going to blow this
"Fuck it, offense gonna drive down and score with 0 seconds left so this shitty defense doesn’t have the opportunity to fuck up again"
Need 1 stop to win the game and the defence folds like a cheap suit
"42 to 42. The game is now tied at the meaning of life, the universe, and everything."
"#42-42

#WHAT IS GOING ON TONIGHT?!?"
We have given up 341 yards and 95% has been 7 yards or below
"lamar i am sending you all of my energy, i believe in you man"
MARK FUCKING ANDREWS
Ten. More. Yards.
C’mon end this in regulation. I am so tired.
Almost in FG range
"go to your guys, Snead and Andrews"
 we only need 5-10 yards yeah?
Alright let’s ducking get this pls I wanna go to bed .
Already damn near Tucker range
Tucker can kick it from here
Also fucm you browns
i'm not living to 40 bruh
Oh man thought it was a penalty jesus
Holy fuck I’m scared
TUCKER BABY LETS GO
FUCCCCCKKKK YEAAAAA TUCKERRRRRRRRR
TUUUUUUUUUUCK
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHAT A GAME!!!
What a fucking game
HAHAHAHAH FUCK THE BROWNSSSS
FUCKIASP{ADSAL;KAD;KLSKADSKL; ADSK L;
Steelers fan here. Fuck the browns. Go Tuck
Seriously. Was there any doubt with Tuck?
TUCKER IS A GOD
TUCKER GETS ALL THE HOES TONIGHT LFG
Holy shit. That man is gold. GOAT.
My heart. Please dear lord end these two seconds
TUCKER HOF FIRST BALLOT IT'S NOT EVEN A QUESTION
GOATTTTT
JUSTIN TUCKER FOR MVP!
Thank god joe buck isn’t there tonight
THE GOATTTTTTT
THE GREATEST KICKER OF ALL TIME
"Say what you will, but not calling 2 timeouts in some kind of stupid 'ice the kicker' is a class move by Browns HC."
***WE SINGING OPERA TONIGHT***
YESSSSSSSS!!!!!! FUCK THE BROWNS!!!!!!!
My blood pressure
Game of the year no questions asked
THATS MY KICKER
WHAT A FUCKING GAME. DIDNT HAVE THE PULS AND SHAKING EVER
CANT ICE THE GOAT
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOO ITS EASY!!!!!!!!!
#MODS STICKY THIS I WILL NEVER TALK SHIT ABOUT LAMAR
I honestly have no clue how Justin Tucker kicks so accurately with such a massive dick! Fuck...yes...
"Fuck this Biden v Trump

Tucker for Prez"
# ABSOLUTE SNIPER
"Dude I’m so happy for you guys, really hope you guys make the playoffs, if your team is healthy, y’all are one of the best teams in the NFL, records don’t mean shit. GG boys"
Holy shit y’all...
Guys we didn’t choke
The ravens win and all the commentors can only talk about the browns!
I will name my next child justin tucker
Take note Ravens sub Barron-Blade is officially converted to a Lamar believer
This was a ride guys
"WHO IS YOUR DADDY, CLEVELAND"
"Tucker is a god among men! Let’s be honest there was no doubt in that kick... prime time, game on the line, and hella long field goal.... this is where he is the best"
Hahahahahahahaha!!!!
MAKE TUCKER ANDREWS JACKSON SNEAD THE HIGHEST PAID MOTHERFUCKERS IN SPORTS HISTORYYYYUUU
HOLY SHITTTTT
HOLY SHIT
Hold up guys I’m working on a “I Survived the Lamar Jackson Mud Butt Game 2020” t-shirt. Fuck yeah!
#SAFETY LMAOOOOOO
Tucker is the most valuable non Qb in the NFL. What a fucking game changer let’s goooo
"Give us our free kick, you cowards!"
I'm dead 😂😂😂
safety lol
SMOKING ON THAT BAKER PACK TONIGHT
Ty. The best game to watch all season. The heart. The return. I sacrificed for this!
#FUCK THE BROWNS LMAO
STAT PADDING LMAO
Game of the year
Never in doubt boys 😳
BROWNIES ARE CRYING AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank god for the GOAT
Holy shit I love Remember the Ravens great movie 8/8
Amazing win. Must win. But there is so much shit that needs to be fixed.
"As much as I hate the browns, the football lover in me is happy we have some more competition in the division"
Marquise 100% got drafted because of who is cousin is and nothing else. This is far more embarrassing of a pick than Perriman was. Cut this dude ass so he can go play flag
"EDC, PLEEEEEASE go get Golladay or Robinson as SOON as free agency starts."
God cleveland just can't stop complaining about not having an nfl team for like 2 years. how long was Baltimore without one? 20?
No one is ever covered when the ravens are on defense. Ever. Just wide open guys everywhere
"honestly, that was such a gimmicky drive, I’m not worried yet"
we need a coach who will scheme us some creative offensive plays like the browns just did on that drive
That’s my fucking quarterback
Fuck Baker Mayfield
Greg Roman has to go
Marlon was really tempting the refs on that pass play.
hope the injury to myles isn't serious
This is why I want Gus to be extended
Cleveland having that many fans in the stands is extremely dumb asf btw
Fucking clowns on defense
Never lose truss bb
Seriously why has he not changed his cleats this is ridiculous
"Fucking coward ass OC, this pisses me the fuck off. Mofo really gave up."
Fuck the Browns and their shitty ass field.
Lamar's not gonna make big throws if you don't let him try. Running it on 3rd and 21 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️
That was a game losing drive. Ravens shredding Cleveland’s D when they don’t fall down.
"The thing with Hollywood is I don’t always expect you to make a tough play, but he almost NEVER does"
Resign Anquan and Torrey Smith and Dennis Pita and make a run at this thing
I like Fort but that was terrible coverage by him.
Yeah let's talk about the amazing comeback story of the guy that kicked a woman on camera.
Damnit two back to back passes Lamar should have had
Lamar needs to hit that pass
"Lamar really needs to stop overthrowing those deep passes, he tends to do that"
Gotta hit that throw
Last year he hits that no offseason set him back a lil bit
Damn Lamar🤦🏽‍♂️
I swear if we blow a 14 point lead that easily
Lamar is both an electric QB and an iffy passer
2 shit throws in a row
"wow they blocked it, fuck"
We’re so fortunate to be up 2 TD.. this defense is so bad today.
"Guys, it's time to let it go, it was 5 minutes and 98 plays befo.... FUCK MARQUISE BROWN"
The entire city of Cleveland can kiss my fucking ass. Fuck Ohio as a whole. Trash ass state with a bunch of redneck pieces of shit. Wastes of oxygen.
Can't put this last drive on the defense they're fucking gassed
Keep trading and investing in the defense for it to still suck ass. How about we switch it up and get some offensive help next year
Fuck lebron
Is it sad that I'm afraid of 2 seconds being on the clock?
Little bitches instantly look at the refs for a flag at the end of every play. Fucking children
Defense doesn’t care y’all. Why do y’all keep defending them. They S U C K
Harbaugh should be on the hot seat. This is fucking PATHETIC. Classic Harbaugh ravens for the last 7 years
Lamar looks like fuck this shit. Where’s the bathroom 💀
"3 minutes in:

* game already over
* ass defense
* holy fuck we suck
* jfc pathetic
* gg"
Embarrassing. 3 and out coming up.
FUCK EARL THOMAS. SERIOUSLY. Why does he need to be \*that\* guy who fucks up everything around him
RIP my pregame thread. It was fun people.
"I haven’t been this nervous since the titans, there is just something about power running teams that scares the absolute shit out of me."
Will y’all calm tf down it’s the first drive lmao
That's a solid opening drive from a really legit team. Wink will adjust. Time to answer.
All that money on defense and we can’t stop a runny nose lol.
A penalty not on the Ravens?! What!
"That’s great it got called on the Browns, but to me the penalties are still even because an illegal formation is going to happen at some point."
Can the Browns be any fucking luckier?
Wow these refs are just major fucking cunts
Some of you all are REAL late on your streams.
I swear to god the refs have it out for us every game
Fuck these god damn penalties. No discipline
"Garret got hurt cause of his own field, hate to see an injury and let’s be real we enjoyed his antics"
Safeties are both soft af
This defense is abysmal.
"Defense still soft. Honestly, if we didn’t get so many turnovers I don’t even think people would speak favorably of this defense"
Wink trying to be Greg Roman 2.0 with the insanity?
Successfully running it down their throats but they try to pass on first down. Keep doing what works till it doesn’t when it’s been hugely successful. It’s not complex.
"Run game is working perfectly? Lets throw it on first down

I FUCKING HATE GREG ROMANS PLAY CALLS"
tinfoil hat time but what the fuck is on this field and/or what browns staffers had access to our equipment room to file down cleats lmao
William Sheridan is about to become the first equipment manager in NFL history to receive death threats.
Greg Roman has got to go. What a fucking clown.
So is the clock gonna run out on the goal line again?
Bollywood Brown isn't going to be a Raven much longer. His NFL career is probbably us and done.
I really want to make a “Top 5 Game Thread comments” post after the game cause some of y’all are hilarious and deserve recognition.
I don't get the hate with this announcer team. Maybe I'm too wasted to notice but I think they're ok
"Miles Boykin >>> Davante Adams, DeAndre Hopkins, and Keenan Allen. Facts."
Who the fuck was that too Lamar!?!?
Gotta make those throws man!!
"Lamar you gotta hit those passes, man"
Lamar needs to stop missing the easy open threads otherwise he’s going to continue to make it harder on himself.
"Wow, Andrews AND Boykin open and he misses both."
"Damn, 2 straight bad passes by lamar there."
Devil's advocate: harder for lamar to grow as a passer when the o-line hasn't been the greatest
"Fuck, that kick was to win my fantasy matchup too"
Man I don’t know the play and I love Marcus Peters but how can you bark at Landry and then not stay on him on 4th and 4.
"2020 Ravens and blowing 2nd half leads to good teams, name a better duo"
If only Earl didn't act up......
Cut marquise brown
It's unbelievable how injuries have fucked us this year. Madden curse can fuck right off for real.
Injuries in the secondary are just such a cuck
I feel like these browns fans won’t be nearly as excited when they all find out they got COVID from going to a football game in the middle of a pandemic
Ravens with that anti-clutch gene.
this defense should be ashamed to wear purple and play like this
chuck clark could’ve tackled baker wow he just didn’t
IDGAF IF HIS GOD DAMN ANKLE IS FALLING OUT GET HIM OUT OF THE FUCKING LOCKER ROOM
Can't win games from behind and can't close games out. What happened to our identity.
This team needs to miss the Playoffs. Heads need to roll and we need to rebuild this team’s identity
I am going to die of a heart attack
Just win so I can go to bed
Why not just punt on 3rd down if you're going to surrender anyway.
Fire Greg Roman at the half. I’m dead serious
This is two weeks in a row with no rush on a Hail Mary...could we not
Good season boys.  Let's hope for 2021.
"Fuck all you ""we got this"" first qtr posters. TIME TO WAKE UP"
Browns fans are trash.
"If we lose because Lamar had to shit, I'm out"
This sub is so toxic
Is Mandrews our only active TE?
LETS EAT BOYS AND GIRLS
I'm not nervous yet. But come 20:19 I will be as always than we will have 2 scores and 2 stops and I'll be calm again
/u/lalaladdy
Let’s goooo!!!!!
"What we thinking tonight boys? Big W 💜🕊 let’s go flock. We can beat em again. I don’t know why people think it will be so close. Don’t look at the record. Watch the first game, mismatches"
This team is going to have to give it everything they have. Defence has shown too much weakness. That can’t happen. Offence needs to play with more precision and grit. It’s all or nothing tonight. See what they are made of.
Lets fucking go!  AFC North Football!
My god I’m nervous
Ingrams face on that graphic ensures a win
"Can we please force Baker to make difficult throws? Stefanski sets him up so easily, make him do something extraordinary"
Cover-Zero type of game
People still talking about Peters as if he has like ten ints this season
"I wish we had The CFB MNF announcing crew, cause otherwise ESPN announcing crew are the absolute worse of the bunch"
"What are y'all drinking tonight? Because I imagine a lot of us are absolutely not watching this fuckin game sober lol. 

Got me a 12 pack of Icehouse after work. How much of I actually drink...I have no idea"
Time to beat up little brother again. Let’s go
The T-Mobile fan vote picked Cleveland.. let’s prove these mfs wrong
Let's fucking go
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Today's been weird. I'm not ready for this lol
Of course a fucking screen
I hope the Browns Brown so hard tonight.
Ravens won the coin toss and deferred to the second half   👍
There's really not a player I want to fail more than baker mayfield
Harrison has to make that tackle! He had him for a no gain.
Bowser is great
Missed 4 games and still has 800 yds
Stop em here and let's score
The fucking screens dude
Board exposed at point of attack again. Not a great look.
Why did bowser try to block instead of tackle?
Browns playing like Ravens game is their Superbowl again
Could we defend the screen.... maybe?
How is having Oline men that far up there on a pass play not illegal?
All these LBs either have terrible pursuit or low football IQ that’s why the D always gets fucked on screens
Mayfield rolls out more then anyone I've ever seen
Is that not offensive PI when the lineman are blocking before the receiver catches it? Or not because it’s within 5 yards of LOS?
At least we’re getting some hits
Defense is asleep.
Lol what y’all expect ? Andy Dalton was balling and so was Zeke last week
I seriously think we recovered that and it didn't get called for us
Jesus christ we are leaving everything open
Jeez facemask
It’s gonna be a long night... Christ.
Is FF recovery rate a tracked stat? We have had some bad luck.
One of these FF gonna turn for us eventually
Talk about bad turnover luck
That d line woke up feeling dangerous 😔
Need a big drive here
GREAT JOB DEFENSE
I’m not saying I’m pissed but I’m fucking pissed
I really wish we’d use more PA
Were getting one of those fumbles and taking it to the house.
Dude how does this team come out so fucking flaccid for EVERY FUCKING BIG GAME
Let’s go 8
We need to learn how to read a screen. I feel like we get caught on that multiple times per week including 3 on that single damn drive
Great return by Duvernay
Damn. We tried
SCREW GREG ROMAN
Ffs
Fuck Greg Roman jfc
Greg Roman everyone
AYO WTF IS GREG ROMAN DOING
what tf are these graphics
How are you going to call a trick play when we haven't even established anything yet? Wtf G Ro...
Why
What the hell was that
Jesus christ greg
FUCK GREG ROMAN
"phillips on garrett, jesus christ we are doomed"
"Fans: Roman, get creative, c'mon man!

Roman: I got you fam

Flea flicker"
Our WRs get NO separation lol
What the actual fuck
Who is tomlinson
Mental mistake Llama
Weekly dumb ass pre snap penalty: Done
Our offense is just mediocre huh
Gro needs to fucking go dude
God we need to add center to the fucking off season list
Gus :(
Fire Roman
"Browns are all fired up, we need to give it back, light em up"
Okay that was textbook defensive pass interference
Ha fucking idiot
LETS GO HOLLYWOOD
He tackled Brown before the ball arrived
Wtf was that lmao mans literally dove on him
Fucking trash corner
Hollywood looked fast!
The corner tacked him before the ball was there lmao
Lmao tackled him
Lol thank god for that bunk ass corner
But it was an underthrow
Shades of Torrey Smith?
Easy flag
"Thanks for the bailout, Brows!

That pass had no fucking shot, lol."
yo that was a duck lmao
Obvious PI
WORK THEM LEGS LLAMA!!!! LETS GO!!!!
thats how you make something outta nothing!
Okay redzone offense show us something pleasee
"Ahh, the Flacco special."
shitty ass field
This field blows.
I hope people understand why we say Lamar is are offense
Slippery af and Lamar still breaking away from'em!
Field is ass
I think the fact that we're throwing to Gus more means we plan to keep and develop him
is it the field or what????
Their field looks like shit
Change the cleats?
Is the field ice?
They tryna jinx him huh
Get Lamar some new cleats please
Is it Lamar’s cleats or the field???
What’s up with this slippage?
Get some spikes on Lamar
I am already convinced Lamar constantly slipping is field sabotage.
Lamar throws a TD on 1/3 of his redzone pass attempts? That's gotta be a huge percentage
I swear if he throws a pick I’m hunting down these announcers
Tie this game up baby
"We're seeing rn just how good Lamar is.  Without him, this drive would be dead ages ago"
LFG
Good shit. Help us out defense
"Looking like Lamar’s saying fuck it, I got this."
LLETS GOOOOOO
Y’all want to shut up about the O for a bit
Lamarrrrr MVP TOUCHDOWN
"Nice drive, outside the crazy flea flicker."
Fuck yeah Lamar! Now let's get the D back on track!
This guy man
Lets go.
"They shoot for his legs so hard. I get that it’s football but, where’s the care and concern for another person’s livelihood??😂"
Imma need a couple more of those drives to get me into my fantasy playoffs! Lets go LJ!
Not bad for a running back at all. Did a great job of reading his blocks on that TD. 🤷🏼‍♀️
Good drive by the offense. Super concerned about the lack of any passing attack but they did what the needed to do
Llaaammmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
That drive brought back happy memories of last season
Let’s fucking go!!!!!!!
Did they put vaseline on the turf to fuck with Lamar?
What are these graphics 😂😂
Defense got 2 forced fumbles on the opening drive... let's keep that going
That offensive drive is not sustainable.
Cmon Clark can't do that
The aesthetic of NFL graphics is... just wow. Gonna need to start writing it like n f l w a v e
Yup that was blatant PI Chuck
This is Gus Edwards 40th game and he averages 5.2 y/a and they don’t give him a shoutout... smh
Pretty weak DPI call IMO.
Soft ass call
"Clark, just turn around, that's an interception."
That ball had no chance of being caught wtf Clark
THAT WAS NOT ROUGHING WHAT THE FUCK
Fuck these refs
That’s not roughing the passer wtf was that that was a sack
ROUGHING??? LMAOOO WTF
"LMAO WHAT A WEAK FUCKING ROUGHING CALL, ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME"
Clean clean hit. Fuck these refs already.
Are you fucking kidding me
What the hell kind of call is that??? Roughing the passer?????
pussy call
How the FUCK is that roughing the passer!?!?
"How is that roughing the passer, jesus"
WEAK ASS CALLS REFS
"What a shitty fucking call. Jesus, man."
we literally came up with the call tho
"&#x200B;

Matthew Judon as good as gone once this season is over"
How the fuck lol. Man everything going their way.
"Lol Raven come out with it, Cleveland ball"
Bullshit call.
Keep hitting him like that all night
Unbelievable luck for the Browns.
3 fumbles and we haven’t recovered one...
Lmfao that roughing the passer call is absolutely pathetic
ball don't fucking lie
“Recovered by Cleveland”
So lucky.
So unlucky with these fumbles wtfffffff
3 FF with 0 recoveries how.
Get the damn ball
[deleted]
3 fucking fumbles
"Hey just an idea but maybe we should 
#RECOVER A FUMBLE TONIGHT"
that's right put some respect on Marlon name
"Roughing the passer by Judon, time for a shot"
I remember the good old days when they gave you the ball when you came out of the pile with it...
Fuck them Zebras
Browns should cash in their decades of stored luck on someone elese
How the fuck do we force 3 fumbles and none of them go our way. Jesus christ
I dont get it if Campbell comes out of out the pile why is it not our ball
LETS GET THIS
Get off the fucking field baby
Holy fucking shit fuck these refs
Fuck these refs smh
Ref ball tonight huh
"holy shit.. steeler fan here, refs are fucking u guys so hard LOL"
Wow might as well give them points yourself ref
Everything is PI
these refs are the fucking worst
How fucking stupid could you be
2 forced fumbles in the first quarter... unreal
Cleveland paid the refs
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE KIDDING WITH THIS
how is that pi
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS
These penalties are killing us
I hate This ref so much. Wtf.
We moved the ball for them this drive. It's ridiculous
The refs are on their shit tonight
That is BULLSHIT
This some bullshit
You’ve got to be absolutely kidding me
We can't win with this many penalties.
So sick of the fucking refs
Let them fucking play refs
So if he didn't need to touch him wouldn't that mean it's uncatchable? And by definition not Pi?
"I try not to be a homer when it comes to penalties. That’s 2 absolutely terrible, bullshit calls this drive."
I'm shocked that flag wasn't against us
Get this stop.
If our team is incredibly consistent at one thing it is penalties
Refs really getting their TV time tonight jfc
"Damn, the entirety of r/nfl wants us to lose, and apparently so do the refs"
Tackling Baker is RTP. Tapping a receiver is DPI.
Yannick hurried that hard
3rd and 15. Can we see a decent 4 man rush for once this season?
Browns offense: Truck plays and refball
I love my D linemen
I always forget before games starts that there is the very real possibility that the refs make the game unenjoyable even if you win
I’d love to see a percentage on how many defense penalties called are actually penalties.
No more flags please D
Lol
Hahahahahahahah
They wish they had TUCKKKKKK
MISSED
BALL DONT LIE BITCHES
NO GOOD!!!!!! Lets fucking go!!
Another commercial break?
Refs love the Browns so much its crazy
Refs literally tried their best to gift the browns a TD and they couldn’t even get a field goal lmfaooo
Oopsies!    Well done Turds!!!!
Karmas a bitch ain’t it
Still love Cody Parkey!
"LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLO

TUCKER LAUGHS IN SUPIORIORITY"
"Refs after seeing that missed FG: ""Uhhhhh hold on there's a, um, personal foul for, um, hurting Baker Mayfield's feelings. 100 yard penalty, instant touchdown."""
Lmao fuck the Browns they didn’t deserve those 3 points
No señor No señor No señor No señor
BALL DONT LIE
KARMA
THANK YOU CODY PARKEY PUT YA MOTHAFUCKIN HEAD BACK DOWN
Anyone know the wind speed up in Cleveland currently? God friggin dang we caught a break.
We have a real chance to take control now
LOL Parkey
All those flags for a missed fg very sad
"Penance, ladies and gents. Love to see it."
Thought he’d doink it there for a second.
CAPITALIZE CAPITALIZE CAPITALIZE
"once again, ball don't lie"
Yesssssssssss laces out dipshit
ball don't lie lmao
Karma
God bless the Doink King.
Go rave go
"Just like we drew it up...

👀"
Browns gonna Brown LMAO
Well he's fired...can't miss a 39 yarder.
#Browns gonna brown
Refs can’t make that for you can they?
"I guess no matter what, the Browns are still the Browns."
Lmao bears are my main/home team glad to see Parkey is still hot fucking garbage
"Ah yes, Cody Parkey. Always a reliable kicker for the opposing teams."
Don’t like Christmas Story anymore
Hand that ball of Lamar he had 10 yards of green
Run the fucking ball
Touching the QB isn’t a flag?
Our offense is so damn hard to watch most of the time
Le 3 and out has arrived
This fucking field man!
Slipping all over the place
What the fuck is with the slipping?
Lamar fucking slipped again
This fucking turf holy shit.
What a wasted fucking opportunity.
WHY ARE WE NOT RUNNING THE FUCKING BALL
Those fans are gonna fight.   Or kiss.   I dont know
This team absolutely has to put some serious focus on getting some receivers that know how to run routes and get open.
That field is trash tonight. Fix your field Cleveland
Wow how is this shit even possible. Fucking insane.  Another presnap penalty by the offense and the turf continues to make Lamar slip all over the place. So frustrating.
Another presnap offensive penalty smh
"Run.
The.
Fucking.
Ball."
Horrible first down playcall
OK WTF NEW SHOES OR TURF PLEASE COME ON
WTF is going on with this field?
This fucking field. Also we don’t have a pass block to throw every play
The D gets the job done just to come right back out :(
He’s bitching about being touched when he flashed the hand late as fuck
Call fair catch as the ball hits you and you want contact? 🤡
 Can we please just run the fucking ball please
Y U NO RUN?
Greg Roman...
Anyone wanna take a crack at explaining that one?
If only we had good running backs to run the ball /s
"If Hollywood wasn’t in the way, Mark Andrews had a 1st down"
"WTF was that man 

We had so much to scheme something and we got this? Jesus fuck"
Dobbins needs some touches
HOLY SHIT WHAT IS HAPPENING
We have horrible execution and our OC is just crazy at this point. He throws a 2 yrd pass on first down when we've been getting that with ease running the ball
Our passing offense looks like its from 1950 it’s time to find something else Harbaugh
How does Dobbins have *two fucking carries*
Bull Shit call show it or it didn’t happen
NFL really wants the browns in the playoffs huh
Omg the number of flags we've gotten already is crazy
Bill Vinovich is a fucking war crime.
Flags every 2 plays
Greg Roman can’t draw up an effective passing play to save his life.
Gotta play against the refs too tonight
Imagine not running the ball...oh wait Greg Roman is our OC😅
oh now you wanna call hands to the face
They're going to penalty us to death tonight
"Also, I respect Chubb, but man fuck Hunt"
Seriously duck these refs
GOOD SHIT HUMP!!!!
MY tv is going out. I couldn't see the flag on that last play.
And where’s the holding calm next to the quarterback. Oh yeah biased reffs
Okay I changed my mind Humphrey is a top 5 cb my apologies flock
Shocked that they didn't throw a flag there
Humphrey looked like a Rock ‘em sock ‘em robot
The only thing worse than the Ravens passing game tonight is the Browns passing game tonight.
Great stop there. Now let’s get some good play calling. Lamar can run all over these fools
Baker is so trash. Best weapons in the league can’t help wild inaccuracy
MARLO FRUIT PUNCH HUMPHREY FOR THE WIN
RUN. THE. BALL.
Someone please get me a picture of Marlons hand punching through there
Mayfield sucks lmao. He could have just run for that and made a shit throw
"Hmmm, maybe if we had competent coaches we’d be using proche"
"lol, glad he didn’t run it. Baker would have had it easy."
"That was lowkey a super slick play by Proche. Calls for the fair catch, readies his hands for the catch, then bails HARD so the gunners aren’t in position to cover the ball."
cant wait to see what bad passing plays Ol Greg has for us now.
"Seriously how awful are the announcers being right now. The returner just had an amazing fake out. ""and we'll be right back..."" that went from our struggling offense starting from the 7 to the 20. Clutch play. Awful announcing."
Roman calls plays like we’re down 20
Y’all remember how bad Devin Hester was for us lol
Why do we not use up tempo offense from the Colts game? We just Trot the same ineffective bs every week
Man our passing game is terrible
Myles Garrett is eligible for Man of the Year after the hit last year?
Pls run the damn ball THEN start using play action..... not the other way around
Browns fans hurt over Dobbins lol
Myles Garrett lifting that 5 gallon bucked up like nothing god damn
They bringing it up... lol
Myles Garrett is a good dude. Even tho I hate the Browns I’ll give him that
The bar must’ve really lowered for the award if Myles Garrett can get it
I hate that the only decent ILLEGAL stream is 3 minutes behind. But still love you guy so I F5 like crazy
"If you have a ""black eye"" on your character, shouldn't that DQ you from the Walter Payton MOY award?"
"THESE FUCKING RUNS BRO!!!!!!!

&#x200B;

DO-NOT-FUCKING-STOP-THIS!"
GOODNESS.
Wow it’s almost like dobbins is actually good
JK ALL DAY
JK is such a smooth runner every run us 8 yards off the bat
FUCKING FIELD
Run is working! Now GR will shut it down
"Dobbins reminds me a lot of Ray Rice. Same number, body style, running style, just no elevator."
What is with this trash ass field?
THIS FIELD SUCKS
Might be four-down territory.
What with the field? Did it rain? Someone’s gonna injure themselves.
Am I about to buy a fucking dobbins jersey
The way Dobbins went down scared me fuck
notice no one was open when lamar was holding the ball
Did they grease the damn field on purpose
Shitty field.
Bmore better be getting those cleats fixed at half time
They should all change their cleats at half
[deleted]
WE NEED MORE MILES BOYKIN
"Nice catch, Willie"
“His hands are an important part of his game” who the fuck are these announcers?!?
I don't want Garrett seriously hurt. I just want him out for the game.
LETS GO WE WAKING UP BABY
Jk froze 97 out on the fake
look at lamar man so inspirational
RUN IT DOWN THEIR DAM THROAT!! TAKE THEIR SOULS!!!
damn it harbs why the TO
That hug lol
Harbs sold that would’ve been a TD 😂
GODAMMIT JOHN
We weathered the Browns' opening haymaker and now we're the ones building momentum. You love to see it.
Must have been a bad formation?
That was cute
BUS!
lamar hugging harbs is like a son hugging his dad i love it
We coming!!!
That’s vehicular MANSLAUGHTER by the bus!!!
JUST KEEP RUNNING IT DOWN THEIR THROATS THOSE BOYS DON’T WANT IT
gus bus lets gooooooooooooooooo
You can’t reverse that nothing clear
Yessssssssssss. Great run. Good blocking. At first the give looked odd
**I LOVE GUS**
We should come out passing in the second half.  /s
"I’m still real concerned about the pass game if we make the playoffs but we can work on that against Jags, NYG, Bengals. Just win this game."
Offensive going crazy tonight
I don’t think I’ve seen Hollywood get hyped up for a rushing TD. Seems like the team mojo is coming back
Resign Gus RN!!!
Just run that Georgia tech triple option all game
Lets go D!!!
"Don't worry about resigning any of our wrs, just draft blocking players. Maybe get some chickens with their heads cut off. Might be more reliable than hollywood."
How much you wanna bet the refs are about to fuck us on 3rd down?
“Arch Rivals “..... hehe good one
What in the Chris Board not watching his zone
"There's pressure on every play, but they still keep picking up yards"
Wtf was that Defense lol
Welp back on Lamar shoulders
"Refs kept in close on that first Browns drive. We will score before half and after half

Edit: Told you"
I could have run through that hole untouched.
"there is a chance the Browns are good. 

feels like something is missing on defense, but i can't put my finger on what it is. 

maybe like a nasty OLB."
"Let's get a TD here and end the quarter, then double up after the half. That would out us in a great spot."
Arch what?
There is no reason for a defense built as we are built to look this tissue-soft all year.
"For fucking once I want the front office to get a real OLB. This team would be an SB contender without WRs if we had a legit pass rush. You'd see Peters and humph perform even better.

This shit is just so dumb that we do nothing to fix it."
I can’t believe teams are letting Philip Rivers old ass dunk on them
So um can we change the spikes?
Change those fucking cleats
SOMEONE GET THIS MAN SOME NEW CLEATS
You know after a great running series they gotta pass tf
Change the cleats!
if he doesn’t change his cleats at the half i’m gonna cry
Equipment Manager grew up in Cleveland confirmed
Cleat change please.
surrender play
FIRE THIS FIELD
Why is it every time we need to respond or need to take advantage some shit like that happens?
JV Ravens tonight
why are we running it
Fucking goddamn pathetic. What a fucking joke.
BRO WFUCKING HELL FIRE GREG
Fantastic play calling.
Shitty ass field
We show life. It goes out fast.
Lamar to Andrew's for 21
dude please this field has lube on it or something
"Why the fuck are we throwing the ball on first down, jesus man"
Get him some new fucking shoes
This game has me so fucking heated.
This literally just went from bad to worse.
"I've only very loosely watched because I'm getting slammed at work, but seriously what the actual fuck is with Lamar's shoes?

I would understand if it was raining, but it's unacceptable that you can't get shoes that work, as a professional footballer."
Notice their players aren't slipping.. I wouldn't be surprised if they set the field up this way on purpose.
Dial it in Lamar pls
Justice hill is a great special teams guy
More sacks then attempts. Man tf is that
Justice with another great ST play
Greg Roman replaced the Microsoft surface with a Nintendo switch: his play calling is just animal crossing strategy
WTF with Lamar's cleats? Do we not have a backup pair?!?! 😡
What a hit
Dive for the ball man dammit
Fuck you Kareem Hunt
More sacks than attempts... Only the Ravens
49 always leaving plays on the field
Elliot is a baller
They dissing Jimmy Smith why??
Wow a penalty on the Browns? Amazing
More sacks than passes jesus christ...
They rubbed skyline chili on Baltimore’s cleats
"How tf did Baker hold onto that ball? Or another way of asking, how did Yann not force a fumble?"
Let’s get 3
See its plays like that this doesn't pay attention to with Ngakue
There should probably be an exception for intentional grounding for when you get hit so hard you throw sideways lmao
"“We’re averaging 7 yards per rush”

“So we should be stop?” - GR"
"General area? I mean, they were in the same stadium but.."
Why is Lamar 2/3 for 14 yards at halftime? We’re on track to have 28 yards passing. The Baltimore Runners. I miss 2019
I won’t be surprised if we run 3 times.
Just get us three
The pass rush is getting home consistently against a good OL feels good man.
FIRE THE REFS
Has Ingram been on the field yet?
Close out the half like last year at Cleveland.
i honestly thought if the ball didn’t get to the line it’s intentional grounding anyway
"D been putting paws on the QB, I love it"
Have we thrown to Andrews yet? I imagine that's what's coming...
Baker must be trying to catch flies leaving his mouth open on the sideline like that
Didn't we have td drive against the Browns in under a minute earlier this season? Truzzzz
Lamar finally got some new cleats 👟
Mans stay dropping catchable passes
If marquise drops another pass
Lol I’m just here to see everyone rip hollywood
Soulja
CLEATS INBOUND
Souljah boy tell em
Soulja
hollywood. really.
"Brown is so god damn fucking bad, soulja my ass go fuck off."
Back to back dropped passed wtf Brown
Marquise literally cannot make a play for Lamar.
SOULJAAAAA
soulja sighting 😳
Come on marquise. Lamar stepped up in the pocket. Nice
They aint run it once 😂😂😂
Brown's just not good.
Hollywoods been eating some buttery popcorn before every game
He was right no need for souljas
souljjaaaaa
SOULJA NOOOOO
He still sucks for a WR1
Motherfucking Soulja
Fuck Hollywood so much
"#MARK
#FUCKING
#ANDREWS"
Remember when y’all were blowing Hollywood for his bobbled touchdown last week lol
Welcome back Mandrews!!!
THAT'S the magic we've been missing
MANDREWS PLEASE FUCK MY ASS
Mark andrews... I love you
Mark! Holy fuck
Souljas don't work Mondays
Fucking improv saving our ass again. Roman is USELESS
This team is going to be the death of me
"FUCK YOU BUM ASS BROWN, THATS HOW YOU CATCH A BALL"
I screeched on that play and now my moms pissed
Mark Andrews is the real Soulja boy
WOOOOOOO
YEAAAHHHHHHHHHH TOUCHDOWNNNN
"FUCK MARQUISE BROWN

MARK ""HOLLYWOOD"" ANDREWS"
Hey Lamar a diggs or a real 1 and this would be the 2019 offense.
"Touchdown, bitches"
I love that hacky sack celebration.
"throws ball, hits wall, bounces right back to him does a hacky sack"
Lamar is god
THAT WAS THE SWAGGIEST MOVE EVER
MVP LAMAR 🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆🏆
Damn Marquise what the fuck. This is crunch time dawg
LET ME SEE IF YOU CAN RUN IT RUN IT YES INDEED HE CAN RUN IT RUN IT
MVP
That’s what I’m talking about
Where the mcsorely liars at
"It seems like Roman is trying to force the passing game.  Just run the ball, it is working!"
lamar is quite honestly our whole offence tonight
Not bad for a quarterback
I think I came
Love these cleats
LAMAR MVP JACKSON 🐐
We don’t need WRs Lamar can throw it to himself
"Love the run, but a good pass to Snead is also a TD. He had a step running across the field."
Lamar! I like how he threw the football at the dawg pound.
WELCOME BACK MARK!! LETS GOOO
Give Lamar  a percent in Ravens Ownership 😭
LETS GOOOOOO MARK ANDREWS
If we win this game that throw to Andrews will be the play of the season.
MARK ANDREWS IS MY DADDY
And we get the ball back!
I’m 100% willing to give Lamar a back massage
That lil move Lamar made with the ball during his celebration was sick
HOLY FUCKING SHIT LETSGO
Lamar Fuckin Jackson
"Nice catch, Lamar hahaha"
I LOVE YOU LAMAR AND ANDREWS
That felt like last year LETS GOO
AND HE LIKE SOCCER LETS TO BABY
"""Sir, request permission to tuck and run.""

""For what purpose, Faster Chief?""

""To give the Clevenant back their ball."""
"Man, whoever gave Lamar those cleats in the beginning fucked up."
NOT BAD FOR A QUARTERBACK!
Add that celebration to madden immediately
Those cleats ar money now
That is my fucking Quarterback
Hollywood keeps finding new ways to look like dog shit
Lamar is gonna bring me to fucking tears good god he's amazing. I feel like a proud dad rn but he's older than me.
Lamar Jackson is elite
[Mood](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/034/033/cover4.jpg)
i think LJ8 is balling out because madden gave him a new card and now hes trying to get a totw to top it
If not for Mandrews we’d be on track for 300+ run yard game and literally negative pass yards 😂😂
"Low key Lou Riddick can absolutely get all of my petite, beautiful wife"
This is a fun game so far!
I love that our wrs are being bashed on national tv. Hopefully its a wake up call to get a real one
Good job keeping him in bounds
OMG... Clark I hoipe you ok after that one with the Post
CHUCK BE CAREFUL JFC
Baby you ok?
Wow Baker that accuracy was poor. Maybe should try being a TE
LOL Clark. Looks like he’s okay
I think Clark just gave himself a concussion holy shit
Watch out Clark dont let the pole knock you out! 😂
Urinating tree intro material
clark you idiot
Umm Chuck Clark...bruh...
"Goal post-1, chuck clark-TKO"
GG so far. This is fun
"Need to come out and play ball control from hear. Run the ball nonstop, add points (preferably TDs) and keep the game ahead of them."
straight to concussion protocol
Does anyone have that goal post vs chuck replay in slowmo?
Can we see a deep shot to boykin just once this season? We did it once a game last season
Awful throw dear lord
Nearly intercepted by.... Boykin.
"Makes an amazing throw to Andrews, then overthrows a dump off. Classic."
Why aren’t we running the ball?
Marquise is a better DB than WR
They are shitting on brown so hard
He did the thing
HOLLYWOOD CAUGHT IT
I think that is literally the first time I've ever seen marquise put his head down and go into contact
Finally hangs on to one. Lolll. That tells you everything
Hubba hubba
Beautiful Lamar
Poggers
"I'm am loving this ref, he just seems so disinterested in being out there. Every time he says what down it is after a penalty, he says it with a tone in his voice like ""1st down, who gives a shit"""
LAMAR MUTHAFUCKING JACKSON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lets go!
Let's fucking go he is insane
FIRED UP LLAMA ALERT
Ankles broke
Stunt on these hoes
GUS BUSSSSSSS
Elite
GUS BUSSSSSS
MV motherfucking P
They have families Lamar!
BITCH YOU JUST GOT BUSSED
EASY MONEY
YOU GOD DAMN RIGHT. THE GUS BUS
LETS FUCKING GO
Beautiful drive.
and this is the other way the Ravens make everything hard.
"THAT. IS. NOT. IT.

😂😂😂"
lamar is cooking this team
#You love to see it!
I am so moist
BROWNS ARE GARBO LMAO
Dick hard
POISE
Too fucking easy
Shit
it's too easy
Choo fucking chooooo
Suck my salty nuts browns
BUS MAN GETS PAID
JuSt kEeP lAmAr iN tHe PoCket!??
That’s how we do!
O/U on Jackson rush yards was 54 yards this morning lol
"I so badly wish we could clone lamar for all our skill positions. Lamar at QB Lamar at RB, Lamar At WR"
browns really thought they had the best rushing offense 🤣
"just like the cleveland game from last year TD before the end of half opening drive TD to start the 3rd, 2 score game"
GUS FUCKIN BUS COMIN THROUGH
Ravens run game is cheat codes.
Is it possible for all our WR be blocking TE and just run for the whole game
Quick someone put Roman on repeat before he gets crazy again
I can only get so erect...
"“But the kings of the north proved merely, the kings of fourth place” ~ Cleveland narrator in my head."
"My favorite play on the drive was the out route to Hollywood. Good zip, location, timing. Really haven’t seen that route connect in weeks"
Great drive. Exactly the kind of football we expect out of this offense.
Let’s rise
"""Will I get over it? No. But life goes on"" here's your quirky quote for the game Baker"
[Here we go](https://i.imgur.com/AUPeBcs.jpg)
Time to convert all that pressure into a sack. Let's kick these shits in the teeth
I can’t believe I just missed that drive because my brother wanted the 10 o’clock news
Lol Baker
Defense just isn't good enough right now
"yeah, it was really constructive seeing people spam Johnny Manziel facial expressions i bet"
BWill 😈
This ESPN story lasted about 5 mins too long. Stfu
Defense being the defense 🤦🏽‍♂️
Really nice throw and catch
Wowza. This Zoom thing might have some legs behind it.  Might need to check it out. Glad the MNF guys could help out
We read a screen!! We did it!
We stopped a screen!?!?!??
Clark and Elliot are so bad in coverage rn.
Can our defense step up?
Stop with the zone c’mon he can’t throw against man
BIG STOP TIME
Remember when we used to have a steel wall for a Defense?
Wtf was that Defense
Just pitching to wide open guys because our secondary plays 10 yards off the line
Jimmy Smith injured again? Ugh.
Bro why can’t our defense do fucking anything when our offense is churning.
Bruhhhh
"Come on, Wink! Get off that dang zone!"
Only 1 foot in
Rare bad Fort play
Should have challenged
Is this what playing like a raven means?
Fuck that shit. Time to up another G run by the Offense. LETS GO BOYS!
"Every fucking time, offense gets it together- defense is like nahhh"
"The long catch was just someone making a play, that run was just soft fucking football"
MISS HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
LMFAO Parkey is cheeks
BROWNSYNDROME
HE MISSED IT
Did we just witness the end of a career?
Defense = 💨
This defense is so allergic to clutchness
Lmao he missed the extra point
**DEFENSE STEP UP!!!**
I’m smelling a JT field goal coming up
This will bite them in the ass.
Thanks parkey! Doing gods work
"Time to score again, let’s go!"
Even when they score we win 😤
Defense is fucking dog water. We aint doin shit in the playoffs with this defense
It just seems like all year when we can make a stop that we need or put a game away with one we let the other team walk right down the field with ease
That Progressive commercial about residing the field explains everything
Anxietyyyyy
"they have a good offense 

if we take a bunch of time and get even 3 points here its not a problem"
Would LOVE to see Harbs challenge something
I don't understand wtf is up with the defense today. They just look downright awful
I'd love to see a big run from Dobbins
Joe Buck said Parkey would make that extra point.
Why does ESPN think anyone cares about these back stories
That mouth piece goes so hard
Refs suck today
Boykin sighting
"Score now: 28-20

Score if the Browns had a Kicker with a damn: 28-24"
LETS GO MILES
Boykin sighting
Nothing would make me happier than to see Boykin start doing well. Idk why but I like that guy
Small claps for Boykin
Please don't play-action on second or run a screen. Please.
Hope Lamar breaks Phillips ankles you not hard
Miles Boykin is more productive the Marquise Brown
Announcers for MNF really want Browns huh
Lamar looking like January Joe
yea lets give our best back the worst carries
How does the center false start lol
Fuck these commentators
"here comes our problem. By the middle of the 3rd, an All Run team gets shut down by even a mediocre defense. Without a pass to make the run a threat, you can't play 4 whole quarters."
Not a bad throw really. Just didn't work.
I mean how do you not make those passes consistently. Man that’s fucking frustrating.
lamar gotta stop overthrowing
Ahh damn bad throw
Yeah this feels really familiar
Thats two Lamar should have had
All good we’ll come back.
Bombed it
Who cares let’s run it back
Ughhhh what the fuck Lamar you gotta make those throws
ugh of course when lamar's passing is on our receivers can't get space but when our receivers get space lamar's passing is off
"Damn that one to sneed hurts, one foot lower man..."
Imagine stubbing your toe on that glass floor mat
Need defense right here man
"Llama just has to work on those passes and he will be deadly, been sailing them a lot this season."
"I said this last week, we all make a ton of excuses for lamar (poor receiving core, bad o line, bad OC and play calling). But then he’ll make two throws just like that that just makes you go “ughhh how far can this guys really take us?” Those are plays that the good QBs make to put teams like fucking Cleveland away"
Damn thats a sexy chair mat. I'd slide all over that thing
BOWSER
BOWSERRRRRRR INTERCEPTION
LFGGGGG
LESSSS GOO
Bowser!!!!!
I'm sorry Baker but your receiver is in another castle!
TYUS BOWSER THATS THE COMMENT PAY THR FUCKING MAN
Bowser might needa covert to MIKE that’s insane
#Browns gonna brown
LETS GO
Sad dog sips expensive beer
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Pay that man
#GOD BLESS BAKER MAYFIELD
Bowser read that all day
#HELL YEAH!!! THE DEFENSE DID A THING!!!!
Overthrows to your WR > underthrows to the defense 🙂
“Can defense make a stop?!?!” Yes ravens sub they can lololol. Lets go flock!!!!!!!
Ok I love Bowser.
Holy fuck I called that
"Bowser!!! Finally man, this guy has showed up this year!"
Punch it in boys
Fuck yessssss
BAKER FOR MVP 😂
Lol. Thanks Baker
Bowser been low-key doing well this season
FUCK YEAH BOWSER
Bowser ate that pass like it’s Mario
Tyus bowser is honestly a top 5 pass defending linebacker in the league and he deserves to get paid
yo we gotta resign this guy
That Browns Fan with the dog mask will give me nightmares
HOLY FUCKING SHIT YES
THERE YOU FUCKING GO!!
Too easy Dobbyyyy
Bowser is so good in coverage man. Didn’t think that’s where he’d shine
UNREAL PICK TYUS
PAY BOWSER
I argued about paying him. I was wrong. PAY THE MAN.
RESIGN BOWSER
JK just skipping to my loo in the endzone!
Bowser!!! Hell of a play
We take those
Trace Mcsorley
Lmao that sad motherfucker with the bulldog mask
"Commentators so hurt Ravens scored, quiet as hell 😂"
Better catch than any of our receivers lol
That sad alcoholic dawg in the stands made me laugh so hard
I think Bowser has made Judon expendable I like what I’ve seen from him
Wtf.
#BOWSER
MNF - the best of the best
Huh?
"Imagine having a ball kicked by Tuck fly into your hands, ouch"
God these ESPN games are trash
Can we not put Tyus in at RB for a dive so he gets his TD? Feel like we can trust him to get it
Does anybody have a gif of the browns and ravens fan yelling at each other?
Why such a low arch?
Mark the time at 37 after the hour when the announcers mentioned that Harbaugh was a special teams coach.
"Okay, who else had a Will Hill flashback?"
Let's fucking go what a play
The browns are getting completely outplayed but it still feels like their down 3 lol
Fuck. Missed tucker point. Sacrifice for the win I hope
I think it's a sign of the apocalypse
Tucker needs to not get himself hurt in a scrum for a blocked kick.
LETS GO DEFENSE!!!! THEY FUCKING DONE BABY!
As crazy as this sounds if they get a stop here they should let Lamar air it out a little if you wanna beat the elite teams Lamar has to work on consistency
I just need to say we need to go back to 2018 script. Lamar straight up sucks as a passer THIS YEAR. It’s fact. He needs a full offseason to get his mechanics back.
Holy shit we suck at tackling
How many ravens does it take to make a tackle?
Jesus christ.  Please wrap up.
Landry and his homegirls stay crying when he play MP and Marlo lol
I want to get a safe enough lead to see us all flip shit when trace throws fucking bombs
"""Brandon Williams tripped him up""

That's a weird way to say ""a 320 lb man collapsed on top of him."""
Ngakoue is a strong mofo to flip a tackle like that.
The commentators will point out every missed throw by Lamar and praise baker for his accuracy this is so biased it’s not even funnny
Will Jr a DOG. Hope he's Ok.
he got clowned for that too dang
This game is up to the defense..............
Strip fumble incoming.
Bruh who’s devonte harris
how hard is it to grab mayfield? who buttered his jersey?
Bruh we cannot sack
Elliott has to make that sack
haha he's no lamar!
Wrap the fuck up!
"Someone fucking wrap up Mayfield, jesus"
OF FUCKING COURSE
This defense is ass
Holy fuck that play works against us every time.
Come on Elliot. We make that play they punt
"4th and 4.  

Corners playing off ten yards."
Wow Landry was wide open wtf defense
Why we playing 10 yards off on 3 and 4 n short
Cmon Elliot gotta wrap up
Is Baker always looking for a flag?
Baker stfu
"Harris is feasting, he was nice against PIT too."
Shit was uncatchable
Didn’t we have like 15 guys on the field?
Fuck baker
Stefanski is a damn doofus
He def snapped it when we had 2-3 players still on the field but trying to get off. No clue how they missed it or how the announcers didn’t say anything.
15 ppl wtf
15 on the field... WTF?!??!?!?!!!!!!
That's a stupid penalty.  Completey inconsequential to the action on the field.  It is a technicality.
Just give me a field goal and I'll be happy
"Well, looks like the offense is gonna have to close this game out. Our defense isn’t a suffocating defense they are a turnover driven one"
Wtf
NOOOOOO
Lmao Lamar has the shits
Lamar just gotta pee
Lol Lamar had to poop
Is Lamar ok
I only want to hear Tony Romo announce games.
Lamar watch?
Lamar better be ok
Hes just pooping right?
Lamar number 2
Come on defense. Come on.
4th down.....again.....stop it though
Why they have to call him out like that. Let him shit in private
Good TO by COach H...
Wasting TOs cause we can’t line up AGAIN. Coaching failures all year
"Hey guys here's an idea: make substitutions faster

Oh, and 15 men on the field isn't allowed"
Why can't we substitute on time all of the sudden?
I don't have much faith with this defense on 4th down i hope they prove me wrong this time.
NFL films better pick up the poop narrative and run with it. The dump that changed the season.
Lamar could take the Browns to the super bowl more so than Baker Mayfield can.
Baker such a little bitch
#DAMMIT DEFENSE
Don't blame Calais for Lamar needing more time to wipe
[deleted]
Harbaugh with the 300 IQ play
Mother fucker. please be okay peters
NO NOT PETERS
Now he hurt FUCCCCCCCC
Why is someone always wide open
Lamar has cramps now wow
The bad has outweighed the good for marcus peters this season.
Lamar hurt carrying this team. Saw it coming. fml
And now we will get fucked because we are going to be down to Humphrey and two CBs off of the street.
Peters Peters Peters 🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️
What the fuck did we pay Marcus Peters for?
Peters is pretty laughable this season.
Wow. What the fuck is happening?
We are about to see Roman get pass happy...
I'll say it again. Predictable defense.
Ravens spend too many important picks and money for the defense to not hold up and help out.
Wait Lamar has cramps? Hes not coming back??
I’m just not surprised anymore. Whenever our offense can actually put up points our defense absolutely shits the bed.
Peters hope you good homie. <3
Bruh
You have to be kidding me
jfc
We really gonna choke this away huh
Most unclutch defense I’ve actually ever seen
lol God and the refs want the browns to win.
"Our defensive players look more lean than swole, anyone ever notice that?"
really cant make this shit up lmao
This is not okay
literally can’t catch a break tonight
Respond with at least 3.
Fuck. Lamar is questionable.
This team is going to be sitting at home during the playoffs.
"Believe me, I want to them to win as much as anyone, but does anyone have ANY faith that this team could stand a chance against the Bills or Chiefs?"
"if we dont get points on this drive, I have some bad news for everyone."
Peters is so bad. I said it in week 3 that we should trade him for someone that can actually play D or a receiver. Very sad to see no one wants him gone
Please now just run the damn ball
Defense is shit tonight
Ummmmm
This game is literally Ravens vs Eagles earlier in the year
Jesus christ.
Wtf
Trace. Welcome to the big time my friend.
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING ME
LMFAO This team is so cursed.
The fuck is this game
Lol we are cursed this year
I got BIG TRUZZ in my boy TRACE LETS GOOO
So fucking lucky...
Throw it on a dime
Well that’s game.
Why the hell would you throw it? Just three runs.
i dont like seeing our qb sliding...its weird
Kill me bro just kill me
Lamar will be back in 3 minutes. We’re gonna punt. Soulja drops. Drop him. Fucking bust
FUCK YOU HOLLYWOOD
Ok fuck Hollywood
Can we stop targeting bitch boy?
Jesus hollywood im done
WTF SOULJA
Seriously Brown
Fuck off hollywood you fucking asshole
FUCKING MARQUISE
sOuLjAs
Wow
jeez a dime
IM SO SICK OF THIS GUY
Get marquise of this team now. Nice job soulja
Dude brown is just bad
FUCK MARQUISE
Fuck you marquise
Fuck this clown
What in the fuck
no words.
And of course Brown drops a catchable ball. We really shit the bed in this one.
Who all sinned this year to cause this
Fade me
Fuck you Brown
Hollywood is actually dogshit.
Soulja sighting :)
Please get fucking rid of brown
FUCK HOLLYWOOD
Fuck you Hollywood! Wtf
Soulja
hOlLyWoOd bRoWn
"Fuck you, soulja

That was an easy first down"
Bench Hollywood please
CUT HIM CUT HIM CUT HIM
Just bench Hollywood. Why have him out there?
He needs to sit next week.
Brown dropping the easiest first down
"Marquise brown, go fuck yourself"
"Sit his ass down. 

Take Brown off the fucking field"
Come on soldier!
Brown just terrible.
Y’all can argue Hollywood would be a beast on another team all you want. He’s not elite at all
Cut brown what a fucking clown.
brown is not a #1. I'm on the train.
At this point I'd prefer the Ravens just let the fans vote on who to pick at WR.
docrivers.gif
That's why you don't get used you unreliable dumb ass.
"don't call his ass hollywood no more, marquise it is"
Time to bench Marquise
Bro WHERE TF IS LAMAR
If we don’t make the playoffs because of a fucking cramp
"ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME WITH THIS SHIT, #15?!"
Okay defense maybe make a fucking stop here? Holy cow.
Welp. I suddenly don’t feel so great about this game.
🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️ 🤦‍♂️
Hollywood hasn't looked fast all year
Not making the playoffs and getting bounced round one will be the best thing for this team.
Nd this is why u don’t tweet talking shit bout ur team
Cut Hollywood's sorry ass
Defense gonna let em march down the field
Hollywood Florida
wasted first round pick
We lost
BLAME OF THE GAME: CRAMPS
Dude that’s 6 if you catch it
breshad perriman flashbacks
Fuck off baker
God Baker is turning into a whiny bitch
Brown sucks but where is 8?
They're gonna win because lamar had to shit and brown can't catch a fucking thing
We should only draft TEs from now on. Just run 5 TEs every play.
Baker whining for a flag on every play. Stfu
FUCK YOURSELF BROWN
This game has lose all over it
Unreal. Baker Mayfield is such a pussy
Mayfield is a baby
Fucking baker and marquise in a competition to see who can be the most soft
"&#x200B;

Lamar Get some Pepto Bismol or nah?"
I hate this
This defense is so soft in the 4th quarter.  They let so many unnecessary yards after contact because they can't tackle for shit.
Fucking pathetic on every aspect
The only good thing about Cleveland is they arnt  Detroit  https://youtu.be/oZzgAjjuqZM
wwe're at the phase where we can't tackle
When can we move on from Brown?
"This is the Tennessee game all over again, but worse. Just absolutely pathetic defense."
Is Lamar eligible to come back in or no
5 fucking yards every time.
Front 7 playin aka LBs playing weak as hell
What is the upvotes button picture?
Wtf happened to the defense?
Hold them Defense!!
"We can't stop, this is getting ugly"
"No reason we aren't giving Boykin/duv/proche full opportunities to step up to the #1 spot tonight. This is why we drafted the guys with sure hands, right?"
"This soft coverage is really working well, excited to see them run the whole clock out."
Soulja hopped off the bed turned my brick hands on
They've gotta be averaging 8 yards a play at this point. This is so frustrating to watch
We done
"Queen is getting super exposed, might be his worst game yet"
No holding??
[deleted]
FUCKING HOLD!!!!
Hold
Blatant holding on offense
Good season y’all lol
Browns holding every fucking play
They’re holding on every fucking play
Cant stop a fucking nosebleed.
Why pick on Peters when you can pick on Harris
I really didn't want to go to bed in tears tonight cmon
Was there not a hold there that seemed super egregious
This defense is such a fucking embarrassment. Shameful.
Calais has an arm around his fucking neck on that play
How many Ravens does it take to tackle someone
Where the fuck is the holding call on Campbell?
team is soft af and full of chokers
are the refs not gonna call that hold
Need a ff right now
Jesus christ this defense can't stop anything rn
This is gonna be so embarrassing tomm morning
"Man this is so hard to fucking watch, our defense is throwing it away"
The team has no heart rn. At this point just fucking tank
Where are our linebackers?
Holding???
WHERE IS THE HOLD?
That obvious fucking hold!!!
How is the D this bad. I know some injuries but geez
0 tackling
When did jimmy even go down?
SOMEONE needs to make a big play. Please.
Anyone have any updates about Lamar?
LAMAR COME BACK PLSSSSS
"They've held egregiously every play this drive, where's the call?"
Is it our defense scheme? The players are there to run stop but it never happens.
"Ima bout to lose my mind...

How the fuck did the half even happen?"
FADE ME
Fuck my life
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Straight embarrassing
Where is Lamar
DeShawn Elliot is 🗑
This is the worst I've ever felt during a ravens game lol
Where's Lamar?
Good job team yet again
Who’s surprised here?
We are so fucking bad
"Embarrassed with the 2010s Ravens. Just such shit product

Correction, 2020s-present"
My pain is sad
Please fucking miss it
"Mis mis mis
Edit:fuck"
Fuck me in the ass
Can't wait for the announcers to say Best Kicker after this...
I hate 2020 so much.
Fucking off me
Our d line can never bring anyone down
"Run the clock out, Tucker to kick game winning fg"
If we lose this game changes have to happen. Three years and no playoff wins to show for them.
[deleted]
Our defence has had 2 long drives that they only had 1 3 and out to rest on. Chill. If we can get a good drive here and let them rest we can have a fighting chance. If we go quick then browns will be back on the field against a tired D. Time for O to step up
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I am so glad I don't have any hair to pull out 😤

&#x200B;

Lamar, where are you  ?"
mmm this is kinda cringe
Playing ten yards off the receivers all the time isn't going to work.
"The pain of the dropped passes... I'm sorry, it's not fun for anyone."
Joe played through a torn ACL and MCL during a lost season. Season on the line Lamar better be out there
Lamar better be on the fucking field
Y’all doubting JTuck?
Have not had a clutch defense since ray Lewis
I hope Lamar gets back in. This defense is consistently disappointing though.
it’s over
Just fucking run the ball
team can't handle adversity
"""Lamar Jackson still in the Ravens locker-room"", ngl I'm incredibly disappointed right now."
"GG, no Lamar. Not believable"
"0-3 recovering fumbles, Brown drops passes like its his job, and lamar cant finish because of cramps... smh"
How do we keep choking away leads week after week
RUN THE FUCKING BALL.
#What in the ever-loving fuck is this
Roman 3 plays special... Yay. And that's the season.
"If we lose this game, man."
"Man I get Lamar is cramping up, but damn we need him"
Where tf is lamar
Maybe lamar will take a shit at halftime next time instead of during the 4th quarter
Roman is fucking braindead
"Browns are all fired up, we aren’t. This is done."
FUCKING LORD MAN
WILLIE
Thank god Snead caught it
HE FUCKING THREW IT ON A DIME
Thank you Snead your better than Brown already
Fucking sad that Snead is still our best receiver
Don't forget. We have Tucker
Snead for team MVP. I don’t even care anymore.
Oh baby we got a bounce!!
At least snead can catch the fucking ball
Praying for JK big play to save us
willie snead is our best receiver by a mile.... god bless him but hes a wr4 on like every other team
Pay attention Hollywood
Even if we get 3. I Do not trust this god damn defense
"We need 20 yards, to drain the clock, and kick a FG. That's literally it"
Bruh we really almost in FG range??? They gotta slow way down though because Browns are guaranteed more points against this dog shit defense today...
Please score guys
KEEP RUNNING RUN THE CLOCK OUT GAME WINNING FG
What a fucking cut from Gus. 2nd 11 to 2nd and 4. Let’s go.
Wait....can we do this???
They showed Lamar running to the locker room. If you have that bad of cramps you wouldn't be running
Don’t even matter if we score this lousy ass defense ain’t stopping shit
Please win this Ravens! Your 42 yards away. Need to get the 1st here though.
Ugh Ricard is hurt now.
I deserve a lobotomy for picking brown in fantasy
Can we still do Blame of the Game on Brown if we win?
Fuck you roman.
#Lamar is doing a live rn from the toilet
Fuck this field man.
FUCK THIS FIELD FUCCCKKKKKKK
Fucking fuck all the fucking fucks
ARE YOU SERIOUS. THIS FUCKING FIELD.
Roman has to go.
Worst case scenario happening as we speak
As if our luck can’t get any fucking worse
HE’S HERE
welp season over
Lamar got the squirts
Not in range.
YESSSSS
"fuck me sideways.  


how the fuck.  


lamar gone, trace fucked in the knee"
Fucking Lamar
Trace please be okay 😭
lamaaarrrr
LAMAR LETS FUCKING GO
"This is crazy ness guys, what the fuck is going on"
AND HERE COMES LAMAR JACKSON
The fuck is with these field conditions?
Only in fucking 2020
Lamar gonna win it on this play
This team is a comedy of errors
and why would we call that play on 3rd and 1
Of course browns have a shitty field lol. Ughhh what a fucking game.
oh my god this is it isn't it
The best thing that ever happened to the Browns was leaving Cleveland for Baltimore.
Rip this season
Lamar should’ve been in this entire time
Here comes QB draw from roman
Just one first down. And let tucker do his thing
It’s like those old Buffalo Wild Wings commercials where they sabotage the players by tripping the sprinklers.
I don't think a kick this far in Cleveland in December happens.....but prove me wrong
"""And here comes Lamar Jackson"" sounds WFF af"
God wants us to lose this game
jesus christ why does this fucking team always have to give us hope.
DIAPER UP BIG BOY
Come on Lamar we need you
Do we go for it with Lamar?
Low key was hoping to see Koch come flex that perfect record for the win
i’m not even mad anymore this shit has me laughing at this point what in the fuck
let tucker rip a 60 yarder right here
This shit is so crazy I feel like I’m watching old WWF
Lamar running to the locker room looked like he had to drop a mondo duke
OTS LIKE BOBBY BOUCHER COMING OUT AT HALFTIME
This is the weirdest shit I’ve ever seen.
"Well, maybe we get a miracle"
"BAH GAWD, IT'S LAMAR JACKSON!"
WHAT THE FUCK HOLLYWOOD USED A REF TO BLOCK
You can’t make this up
HOLLYWOOD REDEMPTION ARC
"#OH

# MY

# LORT

# IN

# HEAVEN"
HE SAVED IT TILL THE END THE SOLJUIA
"I hope Roman gets fired for that 3rd down call.

Holy shit."
Holy shit I love Marquise Brown now.... But we scored too fast
LOOOL HE CAUGHT ONE!
#HOLLYWOOD LET'S FUCKIN GOOOOO
WHAT
HOLY SHIT
I repeat...this is the SHIT legends are made of!!!
I’m so fucking mad that HE caught it. But so fucking happy the ravens scored
#OMFG
2nd coming of Jesus
#I TAKE IT BACK HOLLYWOOD
Oh good lawd
I JUST CUM
HOLLYWOOD. WHOLLY SHIT
SUCK MY DICK FROM THE BACK
"HOLLYWOOOOOD

IM FUCKING SORRY"
what the fuck boys?!?!
BY GOD
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Wow......Lamar  Jackson back and throws to Hollywood Brown for a Touchdown.

&#x200B;

This is incredible"
What is this lololol holy fuck
Holy fucking shit
COME ON D
LAMAR FUCKING JACKSON
Oh my god.
What the fuck is going on
THIS SEASON IS A ROLLER COASTER
OH MY GOD!
OH MY FUCKING GOD OH MY FUCKING GOD
"I got off work and got to listen to the Browns come back from a two score deficit and then n time to see Trace McSorley  go down. NOW Lamar's back? (And threw a damn TD while typing).

&#x200B;

Is this a damn movie script or what?"
I can't even...I don't even..wtffff
This was some anime shit lmfao
This game is a movie i stg
JK just blasted that dude
THATS MY QUARTERBACK!!!!
Don’t ever ever ever in your Damn life tell me shit about Lamar ever
All I see is that undertaker GIF with Lamar
This shit needs to be a movie
My heart.
Soulja 😳
LAMARRRRRRRRRRRRR
THIS SOME STORY BOOK SHIT
WTFFFFFFFFF is this game!!!!!
ACTION JACKSON
STILL FUCK HOLLYWOOD BROWN BUT OK I'LL TAKE THAT TD
BRO I FUCKING LOVE YOU LAMAR
Whaaaaaaaat the fck is happening
vincemcmahon.gif
Defense do your fucking job
Ok. Hollywood I’m sorry you have shut me up again
"I'm not lying to you AT ALL, i started crying. Actual tears"
I ain’t even a fan of neither of these teams and I’m entertained
https://thefandomentals.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/01.jpg
Omg! I fucking LOVE JK DOBBINS!!!
LET'S GO LAMAR! But shoutout to McSorely for getting them in position. I wish you a speedy recovery!
Hey that makes up for the missed PAT earlier.
how did that just happen i'm shook rn
Hahahaha holy fucking shit!
LETS FUCKING GOO WHAT THE FUCK
Lamar Jackson made time to sh*t and throw a potentially game-saving TD. What a game.
I'm sorry hollywood. I'm sorry
I have to call into work tomorrow holy shit
Hollywood redemption arc confirmed
"That was Brett Farve Like!!!!!! That is unreal. I love it, TD pass on the first play he’s back in!!!"
YOU CANNOT MAKE THIS SHIT UP
This game will forever be known as “the field”
I scared my dog yelling and y’all arnt my #1 team lol holy shit that was hell of a thing to happen
Where all the hollywood haters at 🤔
Man I just fucking love this team
I woke up my entire apartment complex
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
LAMAR JACKSON FUCK THE WORLD
This game is a classic
lmao sit the fuck down Sendejo u dirty bitch
DOBBINS IS MY FUCKING DAD
This team makes me drink
NO MORE LAMAR SLANDER
i actually cant believe what has happened this game
Lamar Jackson is the ONLY reason this offense works.
This is one of the best sport matches I’ve ever watched. So entertaining.
Shocking sendajo leading with his head
I'm on an emotional rollercoaster
If Brown drop that OMG I WOULD SET THE WORLD ON FIRE
Defense do your fucking job
Marquise you go and do something like that... AND TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF!
Remember the RAVENS
Still upset at Hollywood.
"this game is a movie script

cant change my mind"
Best MNF game of all time?
" Love Lamar so much so so so much 

Love you bb"
"Come on D. Stop this and close
It out"
"And that punk motherfucker got flattened man let's go. That's how you respond!!

Prayers up for Trace"
Lamar does not look like he feels good though. Get this stop defense and give that man a break.
Come on D... I BELEE
"Game not over yet though. Please, defense..."
"Hate the espn casters all you want but that ""da da da daaaaa"" on that Lamar coming out of the tunnel video was funny"
The fucking roller coaster of emotions. For those who are new fans. THIS is the type of shit that happens. From the fucking field from the lead the bullshit penalties to Lamar going to the back. THIS is the roller coaster that I hate but keep fucking coming back for.
"Lamar is legit ""Stone Cold"" Steve Austin just without the glass shattering."
"One stop defence, we need 1 stop"
Defense is fucking choking
JK dobbins is so good. what a great pickup
Hollywood needs to get his shit together. Thank jesus he caught that one. Defense needs to sack up right fucking now.
Man I hope this energizes the defense. Get a fucking stop please
Paul pierce moment
This game is playing with my heart. My unborn baby is probably wondering wtf is going on 😂
They keep attacking harris and it’s killing us
Dude defense wtf
"I really hope McSorely is okay, though. I like him."
Just WTF is this game?!
The defense won’t ruin the moment. Right....?
This sub went from cursing Hollywood to loving him lmaoooo
30 yard play right off the bat lmao
DEFENSE???!?!!?!
I would literally buy his shit and frame it
Idk if brown should’ve scored there tho
This is Wink’s worst game of the year while at the same time it’s Roman’s best game of the year.
Holy shit 33 wtf you doin
"*ahem*

#SOULJA BOY TELL EM"
Can you imagine how great Lamar would be if he had a WR that could win contested catches.
Harris is basically Canady
How was that complete he fell out. I’m confused
Davontae Harris is a liability. The dreads remind me or Maurice Canady and they're both liabilities
Ugh Mayfield rolls out every single time almost
this defense should get shot in the head jesus fuck
Defense is fucking blowing it after what Lamar did
#STOP. A. FUCKING. NOSEBLEED.
I’m gonna kms aren’t I?
Can our defense please not be bunch of bitches
Fucking kidding me
This defense is fucking trash
EDC FUCK THE DEFENSE SPEND ALL THE MONEY ON OFFENSE
What the fuck defense.
This defense man
Well that was easy
"1:04, 1 timeout"
They gave us time. Fools.
Our defense is making a case to be the worst 4th quarter defense.
Are they averaging 20 yards a play?
Did number 44 just give up?
Humphrey straight whiffed
Why does our line keep committing down the middle after seeing Baker roll right all fucking day. Jesus
Way too easy smh
SOFT
people calling the defenses bitches realize we're out or top 3 DBs and now we're fucked
Silver lining is the defense left enough time for a drive for a field goal
Jesus christ Humphrey
At least we still have time?
Marlon choke humphrey
Lol. 22 points in the 4th quarter. Defense is non-existent.
fuck everyone on this defense
Humph whiffed and completely gave up.
HOW IS OUR DEFENSE THIS FUCKING BAD HOLY SHIT
#FIRE THIS DEFENSE OUT OF A CANNON INTO THE FUCKING SUN
Browns may have scored too soon.
We’re essentially watching Big 12 football here.
HUMPHREY JUST FUCKING BLEW IT FOR US
"Miss the PAT parkey, do it"
Swiss cheese secondary....
At least they scored quickly lol
What are they doing!!!  Damnit
Let’s go Lamar
This is the worst defense we’ve ever seen
This game is not on the O...I would have the D running gassers until they puke bile
Our defense is cheeks
If you can't get pressure on a QB...no matter how  good the secondary is they can't cover for 30 seconds
How much we spent on this defense again? We didn't get a replacement or true #1 WR LAMAR
I’m glad they scored quickly. Lord knows we wouldn’t have stopped them.
We need pass rushers badly
Well if nothing else it's fucking memorable
"going to overtime? there is 1 minute left and a timeout. we need what, 40yards?"
Duv needs a Jacoby Jones moment
Imagine if they miss the XP
The stress is so real
Just don’t give them the ball back with time.
Just need a FG can’t go to overtime with 2 corners 1 being the only healthy one
This game is making me drink
Please baby Jesus.
It's just not working and Smith is having a monster career in green bay
"Bro, I am straight up not having a good time."
I can’t believe we’ve spent all that money on this defense for these dudes to be playing this trash
"I swear to Christ, this offense better find some inspiration or that's season."
Why is our defense so bad
Nice pass from Lamar right there
Cmon Lamar 15 more yards
I'm sweating.
Who else me thought a penalty was coming on the whistle
I'm shaking
"Anxiety has never been higher right here, Big Truss"
LETS GO TUCKER COME ON MAN
"great drive from Lamar, Snead, and Andrews now go win it tuck"
"ok tucker, put this game away"
EAT MY SHIT CLEVELAND
that was fine game.  fine game gentleman
Hell Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He is the GOAT
2 seconds I'm not ready to call it yet..... I'm shakinggg
"#JUSTIN

#TUCKER"
THAT IS MY DAMN KICKER
IN TUCKER WE TRUST🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
TUCKER THE GOD
I fucking LOVE JUSTIN TUCKER!!!!
JUSTIN TUCKER DOESN'T FUCKING MISS
NOBODU BETTER THAN TUCK
HOLY FUCKING SHITTTTT
Is this Lamar’s first game winning drive?
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
#ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
BEST GAME OF LAMAR CAREER IDC
I am ✨alive✨
GOAT KICKER GOAT QB
THE GOAT!!!
"EAT SHIT, LeBRON!!!"
TUCKER. IS THE GOAT
MAMA. THERE GOES THAT MAN
Two goats hugging
GOAT
TUCKER. I BARELY EVEN KNOW ER
Game of the year!
"No question, he’s the goat"
Progressive presents  Go Home Baker Mayfield.
Browns played their hearts out.
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAT
Fuck yeah!!!
GOAT
"Still 0.02.

And it's still 2020.

We're not done yet."
Lamar looks pale as a ghost. Hope he's ok.
"""lamar can't win big games"""
Tucker Llama love 🥺
They said just the other day the dolphins kicker is best in the league. I can't believe that
Lamar looking so electric I’m thrilled
Lamar winning with his arm is the biggest FUCK YOU
**THE GREATEST KICKER OF ALL TIME**
Let me suck tuckers dong
Browns lost and announcers still sucking their dicks so hard. Damn are they from Cleveland or what.
DO NOT GIVE UP ANYTHING. FUCK CLEVELAND
*inhales* BIG TRuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuZZ
Yet another reason I own a Tucker jersey
Thank you for giving me a game to excited over
Tucker is the baddest motherfucker in the NFL. I dont wanna argue bout nothin'!
somebody find the tucker opera singing video i can't see my screen
LAMAR BABBBYYYYY!!!! THat's my FUCKing QB!!!!!!!!!!
**PLAYER OF THE GAME: JUSTIN “GOAT” TUCKER**
🧹🧹
"Tucker, you absolute gem 💎"
OH MY GOD
Is that a Scorigami?
Isn't that a safety?
Safety dance!
"LOL... perfect ending. Fuck off, browns!"
If we win the SB it will be from this game.
Lmao ball out the back of the end zone. This was a great fucking win. We are in this still!!!!!!! Lamar you are the Ravens
That safety just blew up the vegas line...😂
ITS 6 AM AND I AM JUMPING IN MY HOUSE
A safety what the fuck
Did we cover on that?!?!?!?
Fuck. The. Browns. Forever and always!
Why not throw in a safety?
"I'm WFH (like most), but got to go into the office for a video shoot, and I still have the USA Today of the winning Field Goal against San Fran!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

NOW TONIGHT MOTHER EFFER!!!!!!!1 47-42!!!!!!"
OHHHHH MY FDUZCKING GAAGD
Safety yay
The most intense game I’ve seen in a while
IM GONNA CRY
BIGGEST TRUSS
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
goddamn my ass need to go get these blood pressure drugs because that game fucked me.
"Justin, sorry I ruined your super-spreader party Tucker"
What a fking game!! Amazing!
What a game
No offensive penalties on that drive.
Hollywood just falling down! No effort to go get a first.
Omg Peters you fucking idiot holy shit.
This is the worst ravens defense I’ve seen since the 90s.
"Fuck this team, defense has no heart 🤮 Play like a Raven???? Y’all are playing like the Bungals"
"I’m pissed too, but you guys just give up faith immediately. We can still win this game even though our defense and marquise completely fucked us."
Good luck Ravens. From a browns fan
"Steeler fan here rooting on Baltimore for once. It would be awfully embarrassing for both our squads if the Browns take the division. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, at least until he is my enemy again lol. Stop these 9-3 shit stains."
We just got fucking dog walked
Can they tackle anyone? Jfc
These OLBs we have are such pussies holy fuck
"“ Defense ,. What’s that? “ ravens 2020"
We have shitty fumble recovery luck.
fuck the NFL refs.  this shit is unwatchable
that call was actually worse than the roughing the passer call what the fuck
BAkeR maYfiELD
This field is atrocious
Fuck Greg Roman
this field is sus
"The outside thirds of the field are dry and the middle third is a muddy mess. Meanwhile, Baker keeps rolling out and all their run plays are to the edge.

You think Cleveland soaked their field to slow down Lamar and Dobbins?"
What should Greg Roman do this drive run it which is our strength or try to force pass plays
32 cannot cover
Fucking useless clowns. Offense gonna have to score 35 tonight.
We need a safety
"*player on opposing team has a healthy bowel movement*

This sub: HOW DOES THIS HAPPEN!?!? THIS IS UNHEARD OF!!!"
Running on second and 21. Jesus Christ.
Chuck cmon bro we professionals
Good shoes.
A defensive stand there would’ve likely been the game if we keep the run game up
Why didn’t we challenge that
That was to Boykin and he didn't try
Lamar has been floating the deep ball all night :-/
Gotta make that throw. Fuck
That is why we run it folks
Back to back shit throws. Damnit. You can't do that.
that is just so inaccurate. Woof.
After steamrolling them on the ground we're throwing the ball why?
I literally can’t get over how bad that was. Holy shit that was embarrassing man.
Predictable defense
"FUCK all the BULLSHIT! Defense got this!

&#x200B;

BIG T R U Z Z"
Lamars takin a shit
Lamar gotta shit?
They had one fucking job
Defense is fucking pathetic.
#DEFENSE GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER OR WE'RE OUT OF THE PLAYOFFS
Why you have souljas if you never use them?
#STOP THE COUNT!
"BACKUP QB, LETS CALL A QB SNEAK AND TWO PASSES WHEN WE HAVE 200 YARDS RUSHING WHAT IN THE EVER LIVING FUCK. ARE WE ACTIVELY TRYING TO LOSE"
BAKER IS SUCH A WHINY BITCH I HATE HIM
There is no heart on this team. They gave up when Lamar went into the locker room.
Corners didn’t even try to come back. Stood and watched.
This team is such a joke. They find more embarrassing ways to lose every week
Imagine if Elliot didn't whiff on the sack
"First time this season the defense has been carried by the offense , this has been embarrassing"
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
"Ravens 100% winning this game - it's gonna come down to Parkey missing a FG lol

&#x200B;

Edit: Bears fan here. I've seen this story too many times in the past."
I just don't understand..you are running the ball so well and yet you decide to run with a QB that's not Jackson? I honestly do not get it...i just don't get it
The defense should have just let them score on the first play so the offense could have more time to score.
Fuck cleveland
Why the fuck did you use the TO already? Did you not learn?
Fuck Baker Gayfield and his lame ass commercials
Amazing game. Defense still trash lol
do you guys think Greg is a bottom 3 OC in the league?
If we lose. Fuck it. Tank and get the best draft spot possible. This was a must win game. No way we should lose to the Browns. I’ll see you week one 👀 draft a WR who isn’t short and skinny. Fucking forest gump mofo
You guys need to cheer the fuck up! We’re 7-5 and the Clowns are 9-3 but we’re going to show the world why these records are highly deceiving and beat the Clowns in primetime!
Its just so sad I have literally 0 confidence the Ravens can respond with a great drive to match.
Racist fans thought he shoulda passed it there
"GREAT PLAY BY DUVERNAY ON SPECIAL TEAMS TO GIVE US GOOD FIELD POSITION

lets RUN THE BALL FFS"
This game thread is always calling for someone's firing 😂
I really don’t think think hunt got both feet in
Lamar just killed that drive. We had a touchdown.
Lamar Jackson needs to learn to throw the ball. End of story.
"Honestly, tired of Lamar overthrows"
Nobody wants to mention it but the fact that the Browns can have as many fans that they do in the stands is a massive advantage. It should 100% be no fans across the league.
The announcers can’t get enough of the browns duck. So fucking sick of all of these announcers being biased against the Ravens. Fuck em all.
"Are all the browns just women beaters who are now painted as model players or what. Let's give em all awards for not assaulting people this year , that we know of."
Fuck Lebron James
I just hope both teams have fun.
"Their entire playbook is run ball, play action lol"
Our linebackers are just not good enough.
Running down and scoring first drive does not bode well for the rest of this game. Ravens offense is gonna need to be on point tonight to win.
Judon is ass.
LOL imma head out
"Horrible throw, bailed out by pass interference"
Of course the Browns can’t afford to have a good field. Poverty franchise
"Man, the broadcast is all Browns stuff."
"Shit. Okay I see it, I see it"
Baker mayfield is so bad
FUCK THIS FIELD
Do I have to say fuck Greg Roman after every drive? Because that's exactly what I will do after watching this garbage.
This offense won’t win anything so long as Lamar is getting spooked in relatively clean pockets and panicking. He looks lost every drop back.
Dude fuck this turf
Harbaugh calls a time out for absolutely no reason but doesn’t know when to use a timeout when he absolutely needs to.
"Quick reminder that both times we've won the Superbowl, we entered the playoffs as a wildcard team."
Why is he fucking wide open?!?
And people ask why we shouldn't resign Judon. 15/yr and he isn't close to 10 sacks through 13 games
Hahahah we look like clowns.
Fire. The. Equipment. Manager
"This team just doesn't have It. You have been slipping literally for, in real time, over an HOUR. Why haven't you changed your cleats yet?!"
What a poorly run organization.  Losing because of cleats that they haven't changed in the last hour...
Justice hill is pro bowl caliber gunner
Idiots in here saying we should've passed on 3rd and 19 in a tied game. Lol
Lmao fuck this team. How do you let him get that off
What is this clown whining about?
15 trash
HOLLYWOOD SUCKS
dAwG pOuNd get fucked idiots. Ugly ass stadium
Hunts catch was good. Watch the slow mo. https://twitter.com/nfl/status/1338685576610910208?s=21
Lamar what the FUCK man
Back-to-back overthrows.  Damn.
Fucking hell two bad passes to open guys
"Lamar has an awful time controlling his passes. He’s always too far, which I guess is better than too short, but it’s frustrating see him go *too* long all the time"
"Lamar needs to do better, what is the fix here?"
  Even raven fans are pretty quick to turn lol
I don't understand how he keeps missing easy throws like this one? He used to make it last year
"Stafanski called a play to get 12 men, what a F’ing wimp!"
All year we have had zero discipline on either side of the ball
Marcus peters
i hate this defense with a passion
"This shit looks so fucking scripted lmao up 14 give up a dumbass TD and 2 point, then the backup comes in and the midget WR drops an easy conversion"
What happened to Lamar?  Did I miss them saying it?
Comprehensive flaws with this team that can’t be fixed this year (and some that can and just aren’t being fixed). We don’t need to be in the playoffs this year.
Literally holding every play
Theres no chance we hold them here
"There is zero reason to believe the Browns will fail to score a TD here... and it’s sad.

Edit: They scored."
"Madden Curse be like: Oh, your offense is good tonight? Fuck you, take a defensive L!"
Fuck the ravens
"Idgaf if we even win this game, this team doesn’t deserve shit"
Judon and not maintaining the edge...name a more iconic duo. He just keeps on rushing up the field forever until he ends up back on the bench where he belongs.
"If Hollywood gets a target this drive, fire Roman AND Harbaugh I’m not fucking kidding"
"Don’t care, Brown is fucking awful and the reason we’re behind rn"
[deleted]
Ravens D never makes the stop late in games. This isn't news for the seasoned fan
#LAMAR WE NEED YOU
ESPN want the browns to win so bad lol
Cleveland fuck your field
What the fucking hell ROMAN!!!!!!!
Browns cheering is sickening.
Our playcalling is so bad man..I cant believe its worse OC's out there
Miss it
Wtf we win because Lamar used his arm?????
"Does Lamar even have a single completed pass? This passing offense is literally the worst in the NFL. We need to run it, but jesus christ something has to be done so we can at least pass *a little*"
"Lets be honest, we aren't gonna win superbowls with that kind of throwing talent. I love lamar, but this just ain't it. You gotta make that throw."
Damn brah why'd Roman drop that pass?
[deleted]
#Browns fans are literally mentally retarded
Our linebackers are so fucking bad it’s insane.
Who’s the joker on here that was raving about the clock after we scored
Fire Greg Roman
Browns TD and miracle 2-pt conversion inbound
My brother called my dad bitching about masks and saying he supports the anti-mask rallies that are popping up over the province and my dad absolutely fucking lost it on him. My dad has been a fairly far right wing leaning conservative but throughout the year he’s been moving away from the right and for a dude in his mid 50s I couldn’t be more proud of him
Fuck. This. Defense.
"Choking is ingrained in this team. That 2016 Christmas Day game really broke us in the clutch.

Need a big comeback win to get over that"
THAT WASNT JOKERS FAULT.
You can’t make this up. Lamar our of nowhere is out with “cramps” in the biggest game of the year. I have literally never seen this in any nfl game in my life
75 yard Lamar TD incoming BIG TRUUUUUSSSSS
We got this I promise in ot but we will win in regulation
just not mentally prepared
anyone know who's starting at right tackle for us tonight?
Is Dez active? Or is he still on the COVID list as a precaution?
"Lay like a Raven 

LETS FUCKING GOOOO!"
MNF Broadcast dudes are just some guys.
Stack the box **WINK!!**
Is it me or did Steve Levy stop dyeing his hair? Or did he stop a while ago and I just noticed?
Who’s out
Hopefully we can expose their secondary with some short passes early
"Boys, I’m nervous."
And...here...we......go
Let's fucking go!
Waited to take all my breaks now so I can watch for the next hour till I get to go home LFG beat the fuck out of the browns
"As fans we can't lose.

If we win, our playoff plans continue.
If we lose, we still have The Ravens.

I dont see how we as fans actually lose."
"Here we go ya’ll, let’s gooo"
hope the game ends in a kick six again lol
I wish we’d go back to the black pants
Checking in from Lamar County Mississippi. Let’s GO!
show some fucking heart tonight boys
Hit'em UP McPhee!
hit him hard hit him fast!
Why does it seem we are always so bad at defending screen passes?
How is the defense still so bad at defending screens?
Fucking screens man.
Bowser took an awful angle to the ball
WTF WWRAP UP
Why can we NEVER COVER a fucking screen jesus
ATLEAST IT WASNT A TD 😂
Landry omg rip
Screens are killing us once against
Lol they’ve shown their whole playbook on the first drive. Thank you.
Defense usually starts a bit slow we’ll settle in.
JUICEMAN with the rare tackle
We need Malik Harrison in to stop the run!
You hate to see it
Can we stop the dang PA
Soooo our linebackers haven't shown up.
Wide fucking open
Browns score here
This dude mayfield rolling out like hes playing madden
"I already want to die. D looks weak, especially with screens"
why the fuck are there still fans at nfl games?
Baker cooking back there.
So uhhh defense you gonna show up?
Mario forcing another fumble jfc
Fruit Punch
There were white gloves on that ball.
Another FF for Fruit Punch...going to seal the deal for most all time in a season.
"We need pass rush, idk how anyone looks at our team and thinks we're a good Defense"
ROLL IN BOUNDS BALL
fruit PUNCH
2 fumbles for nothing ffs that’s some shit luck on bounces
"Be nice to recover one of these damn fumbles, has not be a good opening to this one for us"
WHERE IS THE DEFENSE
Pitiful defense that whole drive.
That looked so easy
Fans will help Cleveland tonight
"Wow that was a solid drive by the Browns, gotta give them props. But I trust in our D making plays and that Baker won’t be this consistent all night"
The Browns had some luck there. They're well coached too
why can’t we have creative play calling like that
Honestly pretty piss poor effort to start a playoff game for us. All the resources went to the defense. They need to be elite when it counts.
Defense needed to shake of some rust. That’s their one forgivable drive.
Defense needs to show up on those 3rd downs
Let's go Offense! Bring it back at em!
TIME TO UNLEASH THE DOBBY LETS GOOOO
"You ever notice that offenses score slowly on us because they keep getting 5-10 yard gains. (Cough cough, screen plays) stop them"
Brownies have set up the short pass/screen game and it's gonna come back to bite us
Lambo Jackson
Well that was pathetic. Hopefully the offense does something.
Sweet ass play boys
Flea Flicker but we can’t block LMAO
What a dumb fucking play call
What the absolute sweet FUCK was that play
I really like that animation 😂
That Lamar car was sick
Jesus...
A flea flicker to start??
Interesting play call...
That was the slowest flea flicker attempt I’ve ever seen.
3 and out
FEED JK DOBBINS
Mark didn't even try to sell that shit :(
DJ FLUKER HAS TO BLOCK GARRETT
Good lord that was embarrassing
Why are we running a flea flicker when oline sucks
how about we hand the ball off to gus first. how about we do that.
Roman is a fool
GREG ROMAN MAN WTF
That first play was executed poorly
"So this is why Ozzie always drafted defense, but he also had Ray basically his whole career."
lmfao what the fuck
"Calling it holding

Edit: Well I was right sorta"
"So we can do flea flickers, but not play action?"
Offensive line is getting worked
All that and the WR still couldn't separation
Pls god just feed Dobbins
What???? Who is this defense?
Well you guys were right about holding
RUN THE BALL DOWN THEIR THROATS
Going to be tough running. Keep pounding Gus
Wtf
WTF
Delay of game really 🤦🏼‍♂️
Ugh what a dumb costly penalty
Literally feels so foreign to have a flag be on the other team after we make a play lol
Troof.  Baltimore is 2-3 when not scoring first this season
Stop reminding me how much I miss my thicc Nicc :(
It's amazing how for so many years the Ravens have been completely and utterly incompetent on screens on both offense and defense.
That's such a penalty lol
LES GO
This is gonna be a long ass game
Lol
No discipline
Pass interference
LOLya think?
A pass interference... FOR US?!
THE TORREY SMITH PI SPECIAL LETS GO
Flacco era heave and hope for DPI there lol
Thank you!
 Hollywood got a contact call? Wow
Keep attacking 36
"That was definitely a delay of game,  but I watch Rodgers/Brady get like a second and a half after zero multiple times a game every single week"
Lol I think my dog just barked “pass interference” that was so obvious
How come ravens receivers are always tackled before the ball gets there?
Lmao wtf was that
Stewart our best offensive player so far lmao
Great playcall there - They took advantage of the Browns trying to rough us up.
Soulja
obvious PI
talking shit after being shit? is he good lmao
Egregious PI
Late hit on Lamar. No flag
Lamar with the Flacco special.
Lol Marquise is so little yo
Dobbins dobbins dobbins
God how much is lamars back surgery gonna be from carrying this team
So Lamar learned something from Flacco!
Yo FUCK this field
WE FINALLY FIGURED OUT A WAY TO USE HOLLYWOOD! JUST LIKE TORREY!
Lamar needs change cleats after this drive
"Dude. Lamar is so fast, how can I be impressed every time I see him play? He’s quick as hell"
Why is their turf making Lamar slip on every play?
Just a casual non sack to 12 yard run by lamar
2 penalties drawn by Hollywood!
It’s cold guys. When it’s cold the field does get slippery
"Lmao such clear pi, if the browns are really that bad in the secondary we should be airing out it a little. That ball wasn't gonna get caught"
get lamar some new fucking cleats
Powers got blown up
Okay nvm Lamar needs new cleats lol
Is it Lamar or is it the field? That's 3-4 slips nearly in a row.
Run it twice here
"15 beats his man by a mile, they got called for a DPI and they're talking about Garrett lmao. Cmon"
LLAMMAAAAA
L A M A R
GREAT PLAY CALL LETS GOOOOOOO!!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Andrws td
LLAMA
LJ with the walk in babyyyyyyy
**DEMEATRICE JR!!!**
Lessssss go baby!
Lamaaaarr4
Feels good to be a Ravens fan and a fantasy owner with Lamar at QB1 🥰
I feel like Lamar would be a great basketball player as well
"Not loving these outside runs. It's slippery out there, jam it up the gut"
Tucker in commercials ❤️
Can we get Lamar some real cleats?
This team with Lamar compared to without is literally night and day
Anyone else notice the browns were playing two high that whole drive? Gotta take advantage of that. Bet they don’t do it this next drive.
My boi fast
I honestly think Chubb is still somehow underrated
EASY MONEY!!!
bro please stop with these graphics espn they freak me out
O line didn't have a great game in week 1 vs the browns. However lamar was great in avoiding the pressure and finding a play either with his arms or his legs. We need him to have that same kind of game tonight. Pretty decent first drive.
Fuck now a OPI of our own
>That's two games in a row the Ravens drew a pass interference call. They didn't draw one in first 11 weeks of the season. - @jeffzrebiec
I kinda miss booger. These new guys are just boring and don’t give great analysis. At least booger was fun.
And PI right back. Fuck.
Clark come on
"What was the point of that, Chuck? Literally had the clamps on him."
Man our secondary is so much worse than they were early in the year.
Need a pick six
WHY IS CLARK IN MAN TO MAN?
Weak call but that reciever really dressed it up
At least Judon made Baker pay for the free play. Nice.
God damnit man that was a great sack but he fucking jumped.
Of course the one time we get a sack it doesn't even matter
WTF! ROUGHING THE PASSER?!?!?!
"Damnit Judon 

Edit: nvm, that’s a bs call"
Fr.....
They was not PI
This defense doesn't play anywhere near its price tag. We need to rely on offense to win these games and they 're all on rookie contracts. Unacceptable
How is that on Judon!?!?!?!
WHAT THE FUCK? HOW IS THAT ROUGHING HE SACKED HIM!
That was a clean hit idc soft league
What else is he supposed to do???
That call was complete bullshit.
Hit his ass good fuck it.
HOW WAS THAT RTP
Roughing the passer?!?!?
Jesus christ what the hell are you supposed to do
Are kidding me...
Weakest fucking roughing the passer ever
How the fuck is that roughing the passer?
Fucking BULLSHIT
"ITS NOT A TOUGH CALL, HE HAS THE FOOTBALL YOU SHITHEAD"
"SOME FUCK ASS ROUGHING THE PASSER GO FUCK YOURSELF,"
RTP? Eat shit and die you fucking shill refs
Man bullshit call
Shit refs
Fuck the NFL
Fuck these refs.  It's going to be one of those games huh?
Roughing the passer. Give me a fucking break. On a normal play that’s a sack. You ref bitches. They always fucking us. You’re not allowed to sack the QB now
Fuck the refs
RTP????
Astros cheated
How tf are you supposed to tackle the QB?
ROUGHING THE PASSER?!? THAT'S A FUCKING SACK
How do you rough the passer on a sack?
This is why football is losing viewers.
So we can’t play defense now?
Soft call
How is that roughing???
What?
Lmao are you fucking kidding me
this field is total shit
Gotta recover those
0/3 on fumble recoveries...
ref ball gonna be strong both sides this game
"Third lucky fumble bounce, Jesus Christ"
These refs are TRASHHHH
unbelievably soft call on Judon
Calais fucking had the ball
These forced fumbles have given me blue balls
How the fuck do you push the ball to the other teams hands
We will get one.. be patient
WHAT THE FUUUUUUCK
Never catch a god damn break.
Lucky fuckers
This drive is so fun
Fumbles are useless if we can’t recover them
Can we pls recover the fumble?
Great job by Yannick to keep Baker contained
That's absurdity to the maximum degree. Players should be furious about that
3 forced fumbles and no recoveries oof
ah of course forgot we have to play the refs too every week
D line is filling gaps like crazy. All Chub has is the cutback.
Good job MP
"3 FF in the 1st quarter, epic"
Of our last 5 Forced Fumbles we have recovered zero. Talk about shit luck
Teams stay going for it against us
I fucking love my fruit punch
Wow more fucking bullshit
Refs game
"This is so pathetic, fuck off"
The flag is BULLSHIT
Of course
Smith didnt need to do that
Lmfao fucking refs
Soft call
He leaned down into that hit. I cant fucking believe that call
Unreal
"WHAT WASS THAT CALL  
REF BALL AT ITS FINEST"
I don’t think one play has gone our way on defense. Unreal.
Wow man wtf
Holy fuck I’m about to fight the next person I see in black and white stripes this is horseshit
Get. The. Fuck. Outta. Here.
"That is such a soft call man

They're flagging everything on both teams tonight"
We play ourselves
Touching the Receiver ball is placed at the spot of the foul automatic 1st down
On pace for 20 flags this game
Bullshit ass call
I hate this defense so much
What a fucking rigged game
Can we get some laundry god dam thank you
"Give em the touchdown already, fuck these refs."
Ref's plan
Defense has stepped up and the refs have blown 4 calls in a single drive
>Make that EIGHT forced fumbles for Marlon Humphrey this season. He is the Ravens' new single-season leader. - @ryanmink
Refball
Imagine having to worry about both the offense and the refs smh defenders have it rough man
"Quit whining, B"
"Tell em shut the FUCK UP, Peters"
They are just going to bait bullshit calls with their plays at this point
"Hey ESPN:

how bout all that pre-game Mayfield fellatio? Feeling dirty yet?"
"Man to man coverage, my guy"
"Nice throw, Baker"
Juiceman gets lucky.
good stops boys
Jimmy just almost got himself killed
Judon cutting it close
Browns gonna go for it and just throw their most reliable DPI corner/go route.
Baker threw 4 tds last week and thought he was Brady
Yay
Haha bitch
Hahahahaha
SHANK!!!!!!!!!!!
Woof woof
NICE KICK
Lul
LOL
LETS GOOOO
Fuckin bum
That's why they didn't want to kick
LFG!!
They thinking it's madden in here
You ain't Tucker bitch!
Karma is a bitch.  Soft ass Browns
Ball don’t lie
Missed FG!  NICE
Even the refs couldn't save the Browns that drive.
That’s karma
HE MISSED THE 39 YARD FIELD GOAL
Lololol
"Well that's why they were trying so hard to draw a penalty on 4th down, or maybe see if they had something they liked. They clearly don't trust their kicker. we should always thank the lucky stars that Tucker fell to us."
Ball don’t lie
Justin tucker would never
Browns gonna Browns
Holy shit he missed 👏👏👏👏👏
fucking bums
Ball doesn't lie
Browns always gonna Browns somehow
SUCK IT!
"Let's go baby, capitalize on that missed FG!"
Ball don’t fucking lie
Ball don’t lie. Tucker would never. Let’s go MVP!!! Lamar is going to go crazy!
"Browns get no points, and we get good field position :) pretty good outcome after the refs fucked us"
He had a big hole. Shoulda just ran it
Should have handed it off
Hand the fucking ball off
Wtf are these plays
If only Gus took it
Greg Roman is a fucking buffoon.
Run the fucking ball Roman what is this man doing
We need to spend all our money on WRs lol this shit is ridiculous
Run it Roman
Lamar really has to stop running right into his OL
"He had no where to go, not sure what he was thinking there"
So much running space. WHY DO WE COME OUT PASSING
Jesus christ
FUCKING GREG ROMAN
I hope greg roman knows that you gotta establish the ground game for play actions to work
Solid back to back to back throws
Fucking mud bowl or what??? Fuck this field.
Not one run
Well that was a waste of fucking time holy fuck
Why is he slipping so much?
Lamar needs to change them boots
Run the BALL
Wow what a mediocre drive
Illegal motion? What the fuck?
Lamar has to throw that early. Andrews has a decent chance to bulldoze across for a 1st
Fuck turf man
Someone get Lamar different cleats
Why does it seem like lamar is the only one that is slipping all the time? I haven’t seen it happen once to anyone else
"Damn, live by the “lol” die by the “lol”

That was a mess."
Same ole Greg Roman scheme and roughed up oline
Why was that drive rushed??
not running the ball once there is insnae
"I always want to win and ho to the playoffs, but that means we probably keep Greg Roman around a lot longer than we should."
Someone needs to get Lamar some bigger spikes.
I swear Tyre Phillips single handily caused that 3 n out
Why is Lamar slipping so much
A lot of effort for 3 yards
Bs
More penalties.....Jesus fucking christ
"Too many flags. Im turning this off, so boring"
fuck this
Whether they’re throwing the flag for or against us I hate this crew.
Holy. Fucking shit.
This team is so undisciplined.
"I'm so tired of our defensive penalties...

And those mother fucking illegal shifts."
The NFL must not want the Ravens to win
WHY ARE YOU TELLING ME THIS LISA
marlon lets go bby
LETS GO DEFENSE!!!!!!!!
Why am I checking nervously around the field every play for yellow
Nice touch on that ball Baker
My man Marly mar
Get off the field
Losing the field position battle
yes great bounce
did he change his cleats?
Let's see if Roman can get hus thumb out of his ass... I'm not holding my breath.
cmoooooon let's get something going here
So why didn't he catch the ball there? I'm new to NFL
Do they have a Cleveland Institute film major working the camera?  Your framing is really making this hard to watch.
Has anyone actually burst out into song when getting fast food?
We need to give the d a rest especially with all the man we're running
Pathetic that the only guy gettin pressure on that third down is an injured Cambell.
"At thr very least we need to take some time off the clock, d is prob gassed"
Marlons touched the ball just as much as Higgins tonight
"This is a big drive for us. If we can have a classic 2019 9 minute drive, and the defense holds us into the half with a lead it would be huge for us getting ball back in the 3rd. 


Sorry for the run on sentence, nerves are high my babies!"
"If the first play isn’t a run or a read opition, we riot."
commercial acting still hasn't improved since the 1980s I see
Myles Garett being Moty is a joke
Browns trying to make MOTY into some kind of redemption arc for forced community service.
F E E D D O B B I N S
Ard won’t see my nigga Jk till Quarter 4😂
"YES GREG, MORE OF THAT."
#wait what? Bashing someone in the head with a helmet is excellence in the field?
Look at that! Look what happens when you run the ball!
Would you look at that...
Why tf is Garret their nominee?
Two runs in a row? Didn't know it did that
Yup still no mention of the special teams play...
Myles Garrett for Walter Payton Man Of The Year is ironic af
Hope we re sign Gus
Check out what happens when we run!
"Wow, run the ball, have success...."
GOOD JOB GREG
Who is better Baker or Lamar
"Dobbins getting cocky, I love it."
So funny that the browns nominated Myles Garett for Walter Payton man of the year after he started a brawl last season
Looks like we should just not pass tonight
I have a better chance of being WPMOTY than Miles Garrett
Lamar might finished with -6 passing yards and multiple touchdowns
Can anyone get open lol
I’m sorry man but Myles Garrett getting a man of the year nomination after that incident is such a joke lmao
stop talking about Garrett and comment on the game
Thats a flag on us if we barely hit baker on the ground
D O B B I N S
Give Dobby every touch.
THROBBIN FOR DOBBINS
#LETS EAT
#HOLY F RICARD!
#DOBBY
FEED THAT MAN
GIVE DOBBINS THE BALL BABY
"See? You run with Dobbins, you get lots of yardage in return. It's not that complicated."
Why the fuck would we need to pass with this run game?
Wow lets goooooo! JK is a beast!!!!
JK Dobbins is amazing. Future All Pro
Amazing blocking. Keep giving the ball to Dobbins
"Alright, I'm all aboard Dobbins as a runner.  If he learns how to block, Ingram might never see the field again."
Grown man run
"Flag, RBs are not allowed to run 10 yards on the Browns. 20 yard penalty. Loss of 2 downs"
Gotta love JK
Grown man football!!
Feed Dobbins.
If I was play calling it would be JK runs until they stop it
RUN!!!
Dobbins is so freaking good.
I love these kinda runs the best
"This ""field"" is a fucking disgrace"
"i want dobbins to ball, i also want his jersey lmao"
After watching Anthony McFarland gas us two weeks ago I take a lot of pleasure from knowing that JK Dobbins is breaking all the Cleveland fan’s hearts.
I think 90% of my comments on this sub are about how much i love dobbins
"He hungry, feed him"
Fuck this field
Dobby bout snuck that outta here!!!
Ray Rice 2
wow JK
Can you imagine how intense this offense will be running the ball when we finally go 100 percent on Dobbins and Edwards? With Dobbins being our main back?
this field is ass
trash ass field
Man just ran 10 yards with forty people on him
Bruh wtf is this field
Awwww what's wrong Myles?
Fieldgate
alright they gotta do something about this field soon
"JK ""Only a fantasy RB"" Dobbins doing the dirty work!"
I love JK
SNEEEEEEED
How is Myles up for wpmoty didn’t he try to murder Fuckhead Mason Rudolph
Hope he's okay but that helmet comment over him walking away got me
Oh no couldn’t have happened to a nicer guy
Mans game football right now
Ouch thats not good for garrett
Nice play Snead but that’s I’m saying every throw is tight windows
Browns should be flagged for 12 men on the field every play. The field is literally tackling people.
Do we change cleats at half time?
Snead looking surprised it came his way
Ok pack the middle lol
Now we're cookin!
What’s with this Fucking slipping
That’s my qb
Ooooo baby.    You can’t give Lamar that corner... nice run!!!!
"IF HE AINT SLIPPIN, HE DIPPIN! 

&#x200B;

OH BOY!!!!!!!"
Garrett’s a cool guy outside the helmet shit hope he’s good
Positive passing yardage.
"Damn, they got it off tho."
Snead so good
That looked like a good play too....what a waste
Run until they stop it...but thats just me
We running the ball finally
GUS BUS PAY DA MAN
BIG TRUSS GUS BUS
#GUS BUS. NEXT STOP: ENDZONE
"TOUCHDOWN 

ALL ABOARD THE GUS BUS"
ALL ABOARD THE BUS BITCHES
Damn I would've loved to see the outcome of that sweep...
Woot!
ALL ABOARD THE GUS BUS. WERE HEADING TO EASY MONEYVILLE
gus bus!
Not enough to over turn it
🚌🚌🚌🚌🚌
🚌 🚌 🚌
Let’s go defense. Time to eat!!!
GUS BUS PUTTIN' ON SOME MILES!!
Trust level 💯
We can’t even give the refs the opportunity to make this a game. Let’s lay it on. Go birds
Keep running that cant stop the run
🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️ beep beep mfers
D-line getting pressure? What is this madness?
"Fucking laser by Baker ><

&#x200B;

FUCK!"
What Jarvis just did is what our wrs have no idea how to do
"I hate that they have Landry man, dude is reaaally good."
Baker out there throwing the football like he's on the mound
I thought homegirl 2 would be on the sideline for a bit
The equipment manager chose some bad cleats or something. The whole team needs to switch. They are getting the traction to break on the ball. The defensive backs shoulda got there if they didn’t slip
DAMN IT DESHON
Our linemen couldn't even push paper.
A FOUR HOUR SHOW for the CFP?
Eliott needs to be more quick then that
They did so well last time why are they shitting themselves now
Too easy
Wow.
Right up the gut!!??
This defense is soft as fuck
Why aren't we playing man
Where is Andrews?
Relax my gangstas. 4 min drill score then score on the opening drive and we are up 14.
This is some soft ass run defense that I’ve never seen played in purple and black.
One defensive stop from taking over this game
EZ 4 min drive truzz
It’s kinda funny that we put all our money in the defense and they just let them walk through us.
"Nothing stupid, put some points on the board, and then go fucking change your cleats."
"“The Browns are good and will score” is true, but the Browns aren’t causing chunk penalties on defense. Ravens gave them that entire second drive. Pure luck they missed the field goal."
"After the chiefs game, I'm kinda disappointed Duv hasn't had a big ST play"
Please let’s get some point before the half
FUUUUUUUCK
Fuck this turf
He needs to change shoes damn
That was fucking terrible. Did we not switch shoes?
Tyre Phillips again..
Jesus fucking christ
can someone buy lamar some new fucking shoes
Damn shoes
If he doesn't change his cleats at half he's gonna get injured
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THOSE ROUTES
So do the coaches just see this shit and think its ok?
This is fucking ridiculous.
What in the fuck is this field
So fucking annoying
"Again, fuck this bum ass o-line"
Even from the back side view. There is no one open before Lamar is scrambling.
Can we just pick two damn running backs!
We better not see another pass attempt on first down
Greased the fieldgate
Fuck is this field? Goddammit
Why tf did Justice Hill just get a carry?
Phillips CAN’T block Vernon in pass pro. If we at home can see it why can’t Roman ☹️
Of course the Browns are used to shitty fields.
Get a turnover. We’ve had chances
He’s gotta have another pair of shoes ready to go.  Remember that Seattle game last year... he changed his shoes like 3 times
Can we get lamar some new cleats? Not even joking this is absurd
Lets get a pick
"God awful way to end the half on offense, let’s hope something happens with the defense"
3 fumbles that they all recovered and Lamar slipping along with some questionable calls...if we play like we did in the first 22 mins or so we can win by 10.
"we should play justice at safety, he's such a good closer and tackler on ST"
Shit turf confirmed
JOKERRRRRR
Elliot is gonna get himself hurt eventually
Is it me or is this thread getting brigaded?
Yannick is so close 🤦🏽‍♂️
There's the hit stick!
Yo Hill is a really good tackler.
Man do what the Steelers did and just lay on them motherfuckers
Thank god for Elliot
Right in Queens hands
Fucking Joker is coming to play tonight
"This team can't finish a fucking sack for its life, bruv."
This pass rush is getting so frustrating. We have some of the best corners in the league and it’s not enough.
At least these bum refs seem to do makeup calls. Still. They are awfuk
Grounding?
Intentional grounding?
Browns penalties are more effective than my Wellbutrin against depression
Wow they called intentional grounding
How do we always end up with the worst refs
Yeah!!!
Lil bitch lookin for a flag
Really makes you wonder why we like playing zone when we have 2 safeties who’s strengths are primarily run support and tackling and 3 man 2 man corners
Finally called it. Little bitch
Cleveland and collapsing in literally the last 75 seconds of the half against the Ravens. Iconic duo.
Judon got them ribs
"No Grounding?!?!?!

EDIT: NVM."
Can we ducking play or what
Points of any kind are great here
Did Baker always have the Gap between his teeth?
Baker looks like the little brother of the You Betcha video guy
"Flag on every other play
Roman can’t get out of his own way
ESPN has no idea how to run a broadcast
Missed kicks
More sacks than pass attempts
It’s MNF in Cleveland boys!"
They are going to change his cleats
"We passed to the sideline, good! Hollywood can’t make a play for Lamar, bad!"
I need a gif of the cleats being taken off the sideline STAT
Where is Mandrews
I'd like for him to be looking for Andrews here.
Bruh
Souljas LMFAO
Marquise gotta catch that
God fucking damn it Hollywood
Jesus christ good thing the season isn't on the line
BROWN... WHAT THE FUCK HOMIE
"Great fucking work Soulja, fucked up two catches"
Marquise Brown sucks.
Classic Soulja
BRUH GET HIM OFF THE FIELD FUCK
#SOULJAS
Let's face it: Brown is a bust
Marquise u bum
Move on from Brown. I'm fucking done with him. He's garbage.
Marquis’s brown is not good. Lamar is not good throwing anywhere but middle of the field.
Fucking hollywood sucks
CATCH THE BALL
**SOULJA BOY UP IN THIS HO WATCH ME CRANK AND WATCH ME ROLL**
Soulja
Damnit Brown
Soulja
What the fuck Soulja
Marquise has the turf on his gloves
Unfuckingbelievable.
Dude cannot catch
Soulja has to go
SOULJA APPERANCE
CATCH THE BALL
Lamar is everything
I'M SO GLAD WE PICKED HIM INSTEAD OF METCALF
MANDREWS
Marquise. Holy fuck dude
MANDREWS!!!!!!!! WELCOME BACK!
LETS GO
fuck yeah
LAMAR WTF
Oh shit
LETS GO
MARK
MANDREWS!!!
MARK!
 Reallly thought Hollywood would build off two decent games I guess not
Hollywood < Perriman
AWWW YEAHHHH
#HOLY SHIT LAMAR 👏👏👏
LMAO WHAT A PLAY
MANDREWS!!!
MARK ANDREWS!!!!!
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
Great catch for MAndrews!
MANDREWWSSSSSS
ANNNNDREWSSSS
He literally only has Andrews to go to
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
2 DROPZ
Thank you Mark Andrews holy shit
Is Riddick a fucking moron? It hit him in the hands
DO YOU BELIEVE IN MIRACLES! YES!!!
THERE WE GO BABY GET IT TO MANDREWS GREAT JOB KEEPING IT ALIVE LAMAR
A DIME
"If Lamar would make throws like this all day, it would be 35-14 right now. Why don’t we just do that. Biggest play of the game. That’s frustrating"
Mandrews to save the day <3
That was a nice throw
sheesh lamar!
Wtf Marquise?
Brown is terrible...
THROW TO THE SOULJAS AND THEY MISS!
Mark!
LMAO LAMAR TO ANDREWS A CLASSIC
That’s a sack on any other QB in the league.
LAMAR TO MANDREWS
Mark Andrews honestly the only receiver we have with a brain
That was me. I said we suck passing and I made that happen
FUCK YES
Lamar fucking Jackson!
Let’s fucking go
"LLAMA !!!!!!!!!!

And a flag...

&#x200B;

 \[Edit\]: FUCK YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Am I wrong in saying I think Lamar throws better on the run than in the pocket?
Boom finger in the pussy
Hell yeah
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!!!
MAMA THERE GOES THAT MANDREWS
Let’s go boys
31 seconds. LOVE to see it
LLAMA
TOUCHDOWN
God he is fast as shit
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Lamar Jackson is my dad
"Nvmd forget my negativity, BIG TRUSS ALL THE WAY"
MVP
OffEnSe CaN’t dO a 2 mInuTE DrIlL
Wow that was a drive kc would be proud of
Browns are still pretenders! We are the best in the North
The cleats did that guys. All the cleats
Fucking Lamar Lolol. I love this guy.
"Now lamar has to punt, just to see it"
People will still hate on lamar after this game. Has the whole team on his back.
Lmfao
Lamar activating a new level rn LFG
LETS GOOOOOOO
LLAMA
Huehuehue got away with a nice little hold there
"Ya'll can say waht you want, but the ravens LINE is playing well tonight."
Seriously why is brown sucking so bad? All off-season it looked like he was finally healthy and about to have a breakout season
I missed mandrews so much
Fuckin love this offense
LETS. FUCKING. GOOOOOOO
Did they give Jackson different shoes?
"Marquise brown bum

Mark andrews good"
lamar shifted when he saw that open green
I think I'm officially the last one off the Hollywood train. He wouldn't be on the starting roster for most teams. John Ross 2.0
I’ve been extremely hard on him all year but laMarVP is back
"My God do we need some receivers. Brown is shit, Boykin is shit, Snead is solid but a #3"
Bro I hope Greg Roman has a Trace to Lamar play in the playbook
They’re playing Alice In Chains 🔥🔥🔥
"my cause, my cleats"
Beautiful throw as well.
Can we just cut half the WRS and look into like Percy Harvin and Doug Baldwin? I’m desperate
"I was about to be so mad at the ""soulja"" but Lamar is making me smile too much"
Imagine if we had a WR that could dominate the game
Defense better get their shit together
I've never been more sure we need to draft an interior O lineman first round. When this offense can run its a fucking buzzsaw.
Alright they're dickeating now lol
that picture of Mark Ingram reminds me of Garrett Atkins for the Orioles
Chris Board is Kenny Young clone lol
MV FUCKING P
Peters with the clutch tackle to cost them their last timeout.
lmao tackled in bounds
r/NFL can suck my balls
Everyone wants a WR. Anyone willing to say we got greedy taking Dobbins over a guy like Jefferson? Genuinely curious
Chuck omg
 Ice tackle by peters
Clark running into the uprights because he's trying to make an interception for literally no reason lmao
Chuck wth is wrong with you😂😂
Clark pls
Damn chuck 😂
I’m happy with that half
Oof.
Jesus.
"Damn Chuck, don't knock yourself out"
did we not learn from the hail mary against the cowboys when we only rushed one?? we're lucky they didn't pull that off
This no rush prevent defense is ducking horrible
Bro.....slow down.
Cmon man
He was trying to throw it through the goalpost to show where the field goals are supposed to go
Question of halftime. What cleats will Lamar start the half with
RUN. THE. BALL. Here please
Alright O. Lets do work.
Why is Hollywood still in the huddle?
"This game is like ""passing touchdowns? never head of her"""
Thanks zebras; unironically
Thank god he has new cleats
Lamar has some all-world ugly throws under his belt this year Jesus.
Lamar was so good at these little touch throws last season too...
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
did these announcers snort a bunch of pastrami at half time?
"Bailed out.

Lamar has got to hit those easy bunny floaters."
"Damn, I thought Boykin saved that play."
Hate the bootlegs when teams ALWAYS assign someone to watch Lamar
Oops
Fucking thing of beauty.
hello bitches
LAMAR
SOUJA SIGHTING
It's gotta be the cleats!
Daddy.
FUCKKKKK YES
And that is EXACTLY what we needed to start the half
GUS BUS BABY
TOUCHDOWN GUS BUS 🚎
AWWWWWWWW YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Fired up
Let’s go baby!!!!!!!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That Lamar is good in ‘e?
I LOVE IT
Run Forest run
THE DOUBLE DUTCH GUS!!!
bronze those cleats
I blinked and we scored lol
lets go!!!
YES LAMAR FUCKING YES DO YOU BAABY WE LOCE YOU JUST THE WAY YOU ARE
Snead elite
Gus looking smootheee
"In the words of Billy Joel - You got that easy, easy money"
RUN THE BALL BABY
Let’s fucking go!!!
running the ball works?????
Well well well that was fun
😎
What a drive
LAMAR IS MY SAVIOR
That's my quarterback!
FEED THE HOGS
Fire Greg Roman!
see that Roman??????????
Groovy!
FUCKKK YEAAA!!!
Who's gunna carry the boats ?! And the logs !!!
LET THEM MF RUN AND EAT!!!
TOUCHDOWN BABY!!!!!!!
Defence have got to step up. Let’s have a game where both sides of the ball play to their potential.
Where has this been all year
Let Lamar cook!
Browns fan saying we’ll take second as if we won’t over take them lmaoooo
Just keep running.
Get at mayfield!!!!
Come on D! Don't blow this
"Where's your high 5's now, Cleveland fans?

How comfy are those seats your asses are planted in?"
I’m feeling a turnover soon
"LJ 122 yards 

Let’s gooo"
I just got out of the shower. I miss another Ravens touchdown?
Defense is getting wise to that play action boot
Lol every time I see LJ in this thread I think people are talking about LJ Fort and not Lamar
We never get sacks
They going to go for a trick play soon. I can feel it.
Big Baby on the double team
Why do we give up this short bullshit
Greesey saying baker is athletic... When every other commentator says he's definitely not 😅
WHAT THE HELL LJ
Was he out?
They're going at Clark on damn near every pass
"Good play.

&#x200B;

Fuck the Browns"
Fort man he was going there the entire way you gotta play the RB there.
"People are gonna make plays, can't be too mad"
Defense is not good anymore. Wtf
"Jimmy Smith is out. Man, he is so unreliable at this point. Might be time to keep him in a Webb type of role."
The D winded af. We still up by one.
Defense is kinda trash........
Ooof.....
LMFAO HE MISSED
Can we please defend draw plays?
That's so Browns
How do we have the highest defensive payroll in the league?
This rush defense has just been awful. Jesus
HAHA PARKEY CHOKING
BROWNS GONNA BROWN LMFAO
Parkey sucks
Offense and defense can never show up together
Parkey is trash
Defense has been sneaky bad the last 2 games
"It doesn’t matter if you strip the ball once he’s in the end zone, guys."
Let’s run it back bb
"Koala Kai commercial always a hit.

""HEY!

more mercy."""
This D needs more guys that can actually cover and one consistent pass rusher
Jimmy smith questionable to return
Our Defense picked an ok time to be literal dogshit I guess
Divisional games weren’t ever going to be easy
Gus Bus just refuses to go down. I love it.
Jimmy smith questionable to return with a shoulder injury who would have guessed
In-rhythm in route??? Oh boy he is heating up.
I get legitimately surprised anytime Boykin gets a reception lmao
Whoever swapped out our offense for this efficient one thank you so much
Really hope we bring Gus back next offseason
Time for another Lamar designed keeper. Lets gain 20
Silly Browns. You can't leave a seam open up the middle. 🌝
Chick in blue on the mirror ad has one hell of an ass
Fluker has no push.:(
Lol why is Brown's big ass trying to chop block a corner
"The franchise can’t be taking a lick like that... just throw it away llama, you expect too much"
MANDREWS! Let’s go.
what a throw and catch man
WHAT A THROW!! FIRST DOWN
Clutch
Haven't had an illegal formation yet
That’s easily a first
And here I am thinking the O-line hasn't had a bad game penalty wise
SOULJA
We haven’t had an illegal formation penalty yet...but we have had illegal motion
Dobbins hurt?
Fuck we need that catch
# FUCK these FLAGS
Those fans should be wearing masks at least.
Wtf terrible pass
Now that was a bad throw.
He had him! Just a bit much on the touch.
Damn had a touchdown righth there
"Alright D, let’s get it back."
Cold as heck and Lamar hasn't passed a tonne so doesn't have much touch or rhythm. Need to make that pass tho. Hopefully we come back and hit it next drive.
Defense is without Jimmy Smith so prepare to see Baker targeting whoever they put out there.
If we make the playoffs those are the throws you have to make or Mahomes eats us for dinner again.
I wish Lamar would at least underthrow balls like that. Give the receiver some shot to come back to that ball or potentially draw a flag.
"After this season some stats guy should tally up every single time we get an offensive penalty, and see how the drive ends. Because I swear any false start, illegal formation, or whatever we get just kills that drive and we punt it."
Hope Tom House is still alive and available next off-season. Lamar gotta work with him.
Brooooo
Terrible throw by Greg Roman there
BOWSERRRRRRR
YAAAAAAA BOOOIIIIII
Yes!!!!!!
Time for defense ttonsteo upHOLYNFICKYES JUST LKE THAT
Let’s gooooooooooo
Don't fuck this up
Let's fuckin gooooo9
Baker Baker turnover Maker
The vaccine is just in a ups box? I thought it had to be frozen
"Might be the worst throwing I have seen, best we see if first round exit."
KING KOOPA!!!
BOWSER!!
Lamar fucks up and Mayfield immediately bails him out.
Bowser is the defensive player of the year on this team.
LFG!!!
Let’s fucking go bowser!!!!!
Ayyyyyyyyyy
LETSS GOOOO
**KING KOOPA WITH THE PICK!!!!!**
Fucking Bowser ATE YOUR GOD DAMNED MUSHROOM!
DDDDDDDDD-FENCE
#YESSS WHAT AN INTERCEPTION
Tyus bowser's fingers must be 2 feet long
PERFECT TIMING!!!
FUCK YES!!!!!!! Lets fucking go D!!!
Wow!!!!
"your princess is in another castle, motherfucker"
That fucking browns fan made me laugh
YESSIR BOWSER
TYUS!!!
BOWSER!
Lolololol
FUCK YEAH BOW
Bowser b9oooyyyyyy
Lmao Baker
Contract year anti-curse
Am I a wizard? Is Baker still overrated? Yes!
"Ok, so all that miss from Lamar cost us was a bit of time off the clock."
THE DEFENSE CAN HAVE MY BABY
Bowser is killing it man
FUCK HE'S GONNA COST A LOT SOON
"God I love Bowser, what a clutch player"
What a fucking grab by king koopa
What a pick!!!!
Tyus has been balling out recently
BowWowWowser
"#KING KOOPA 

Bowaer has been growing this year man, I'm loving it"
PAY THAT MAN RIGHT FUCKING NOW!!!!!!
LETS GOOOO
LETS GOOOOO
Unreal
BOWSER MAH BOY - I LOVE YOU
If we can score on this drive that might be enough
Can we put Bowser at WR?
Bowser needs a sub meme. I mean his last name is Bowser. We need a Bowser meme!
Tyus Bowser for new safety!!
bowser stepped up this year man holy shit
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
BOOM
"""They're going for 2 here.""

lmao oh really?"
Go for 2 here...lmao go home your drunk
I have a stiffy
(TYUS) BOWSER FOR MAYOR
I couldn't be harder.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Everyone eating tonight
He was on a body and never down. Shoulda been a td
BAkeR maYfiELD
KING KOOPA
Levy must have blackmail material on someone to have this job
"Yea, thats Nice 😍"
Bowser got better hands than Soulja Boi
BOWSER DOING HIS BEST CJ IMPERSONATION!!!!
Fuck yes!!!
Is tyus bowser leading this team in ints?
I think Bowser has more pics then Marcus Peters
Yikes
Wut?
"Wow a PAT block, thats huge for Cleveland"
Dammit
Will hill flashbacks
Ffs
Fucking hell
?????
Fortunate that they missed one earlier. Still 14 points
Browns lurker check.  You guys in here?
"IF IT’S BLOCKED, IT DOESN’T COUNT"
And we have people not blocking anyone. I'm sorry tucker you don't deserve that
Goddammit they blocked the XP. That could be a fucking killer
As if crushing the browns chance of winning the division wasn’t enough we’re doing it multiple times in one game. Jesus god it’s not even my birthday
That’s what I’m talking about
Whenever I see Bowser I always think he's Orr and I cry a lil inside but Bowser nice af
C’mon
Tyus Bowser all of our new dad's confirmed.
"A stop here would be huge. 


Bowser I love you babyyyy"
Over/under was 46. Who actually bet the over?
Fucking saw that happening. It's the only way to stop tucker
"Bowser = Telvin Smith with pass rushing ability??? Who says no??

Lol"
I’m gonna say it Bowser over Yannick and Judson when it comes to pay time.
Shut up landry
Fuckin thank you Hump for actually making the tackle
"Why can't we stop a screen, ever."
What the ... I didn't see him grab the facemask.
71 moved that whole line
I have never seen an nfl team bitch about calls as much as this browns team is tonight...not even the Tom Brady pats
"The irrational part of me wants Doug Pederson as an OC but I wont pretend to know what a player Lamars caliber needs. Also, what the fuck is going on with our MLB spots? Coverage reigns supreme all of a sudden for our mid LBs?"
Get a damn stop now!
We miss 20 sacks a game lol good stop though
Great hustle. Sideline ain't never missed a tackle
"#JESUS CHRIST WE HAD THAT SACK.

Can we please learn how to tackle??"
"Ouch that's tough to not have Wills, even its for just a few snaps. Fuck the browns but WIlls is a player I like"
We cannot wrap up 😂good stop D
This could be a make or break play
Gotta go for it
Missed a lot of sacks this game
4th and 4 play 10 yards off wtf
Defense just can’t get off the damn field
Let’s leave their number one target open by 5 yards.
Wtf was that
Jesus Christ. They don’t even hesitate to go for it on 4th down because they know they’re gonna get it.
Harris has been a dog
That should have been a sack but our tackling effort has gotten weak as hell again.
Harris has been good not really a liability imo
LOL WHY ARE THEY NOT LOOKING FOR PI
Uncatchable
Fourth down zone? Lovely
"nice. the fabled challenge timeout, run a play, end of quarter sequence."
Cannot allow dammit
FUUUUUIIICK ME
Both O and D winded. This is a good game
Can we PLEASE put Humphrey on the outside? I don’t get the infatuation with putting him in the slot
Did we have 12 on the field? Didn’t see the replay
Let’s regroup H
That's bullshit you can challenge to retroactively call a flag.
How the fuck are we that stupid
Lmfao 15 men on the field
They caught this in the hurry up
Could really use another big play
Just get them off the damn field
Wasting a TO there would've been dumb. A good call to just take the 5.
34 points were put up. The defense better not F this up
This defense is so frustrating. Just a frustrating year. All this money and we still can’t stop the run. The defense is ALMOST as frustrating as the offense this year. Almost. I’m tiring of Peters.
feels like more commercials than football? Why are the browns getting so many commercial breaks
Fuck LJ is in the locker room
"We apologize for the temporary disruption of advertisements, and now back to the ads"
Lamar have to take a leak?
Lamar isn’t on the sideline?!
Lamar need to piss or something
Offense keeping us alive tn. D can't tackle for shit
Please be ok lamar
...I don’t need this stress
Get that shit out of here
The defense will likely cave here for td but I feel like if the offense can eat a bit of clock and get td then we’re good
"We need a Wr, safety, IOL and pass rusher."
Had to wipe the shit in his butt.
He better get back out there before we get the ball back
Where tf is Lamar?
"Ok Ravens stop them here, they will go for it AGAIN."
Baker keep tryna run like Lamar lol
PLEASE DEFENSE. PLEASE
Its annoying that we have to waste a timeout because we have too many men AGAIN
Crush them here.
"LETS GO D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

&#x200B;

\[Edit\]: It's only 1 TD... We got this boys..."
ARE WE GOING TO CALL A FUCKING HOLD??
"Great timeout. 

But I hate that 12 man on the field crap when guys are trying to get off."
"This defense is garbage, man. Browns are gonna have 400 yards in this game"
Defense..just wow..can we get a game where both sides click
Fuck this D
4th down D SUCKS
I fucking hate our useless def dude
Wide open.....
Wow 4th down TD
So that's why peters plays off
These commercials are killing me
Lamar cramps
defense is so bad
poor peters
Now Peters is hurt we can’t have shit
Looked like Peter’s blew a muscle there unfortunately
We'll need another 7 here. We have no defense today.
4th downs man smh
Ok guys soon as I turned this game as I got home from work the Browns drove down the field and scored. I better turn it off as I don’t want to jinx the Ravens.
Yall are complaining about Harris. Just wait until you see the next guy 😅
"They going for 2, a stop on this would still be huge"
Jesus christ.  We gotta keep them from this 2 pt conversion.
Lamar questionable with cramps
"God damn it Peters, not only did you not keep your feet and blow a coverage, but you're hurt now too? We need warm bodies in the secondary..."
Lamar questionable...
Lamar questionable to return with cramps?
That's fine let's just run it down their throats again no problem
SHIT FASTER MAN
defense fucking sucks. They play way off and are soft as hell
Lamar got the cramps. Wonder if he getting an IV
Wtf
Are you kidding me
OMFG. Reverse browns.
We have the worst fucking luck are you joking me
Unreal
Our defense is so disrespected tonight
That’s just fucking stupid
Alright let’s keep pounding the run
OMG
We never have that luck
That sucks
Offense has to score. Idc how just score
Holy shit.. What luck
god fuck they even get the 2
I can’t remember having a worse defense that just so easily let’s people walk down the field
Espn is the worst
We need to fucking score here
Defense needs to get fucking yelled at
Lol. Fuck me up fam
Oh word no Lamar
Omfg
GO MCSORELY
Bro what the fuck is happening
Kill me
Are you fucking kidding ne
Fuccc
Jesus Christ Lamar almost hit by a god damn door lmao...
well this is different
TRACE
Is he running out to the field?
Lamar Jackson  is out of the shitter
McSorley GOAT
Are you fucking serious
Game over
Fucking come on
nice. having to watch this stress fest right before bed.
what even is happening right now
Fuck this entire season
What happened?
Is lamar coming back??
If we lose to the Browns bc Lamar had to take a shit I swear
We're fucked
Oh no this isn’t good. He should be back out there i would assume the next drive.
Good news is we are up. So it’s still winnable without Lamar for now.
WE NEED A GOD DAMN DIME COME ON LAMAR SHIT FASTER PLEASE I BEG YOU
"Just tuned in, where is lamar???"
"Idk who’s playing worse, Brown or the defense"
Bunch of fucking chokers. Disgusting
Fucking release this BUST
hollywood!!!!!!
Dude
Over it
Brown... why
Lamar dropping the browns while dropping the browns
GET OFF THE FIELD YOU BUM
BUM
Wtf Hollywood ugh
He had so much space too
Trace isn’t even bad tf is this
Fuck Marquise
I think we could cut him...
Pain.
WHAT. THE. FUCK. IS. HAPPENING.
YOU GET PAID TO DO THAT!
"I mean, come on.  Brown shouldn’t be out there. My god"
GET RID OF BROWN. FUCK THAT BUM ASS MF!!
this guy stinks man wtf
goddamn it Marquise
DONT GIVE HIM THE HONOR OF THE NICKNAME HOLLYWOOD
Marquise is trash. Not even chalking this up to Covid. The kid is just bad. Not cut out for the NFL
I wanna see the whole team just pummel the shit out of Hollywood
Bye bye Marquise
Let's get one of those turnovers. That'd be fun
Hollywood you’re fucking fired
defense has to step up NOW
Seriously Brown???!!!!!
What a shit show
We’re throwing
Fucking SOULJAS
Where Lamar?
I cannot believe what I’m seeing right now
I swear to fuck if the browns win i'm cancelling christmas
Not Hollywood. Just Marquise.
"Wait, where the hell is lamar? I’ve watched the whole game but I guess I missed something"
What the fuck is this teams luck
"A lot to play, but the momentum has shifted significantly"
Mr. Big Drop Jr
Idk who even takes Peters place
This guy's no WR. Fuck 15
Baker is a bitch
Baker the worst sportsmanship
What happen to lamar
Now is the time we need a defensive stop
Fuck this season
Why can’t we just put Marlon press man on Landry???
Over or under on that shit taking two drives?
Those extra pounds fucked up his catching
Why are we blitzing when we can never get pressure on the QB?
I'm sad
"what happened to lamar, i missed a few minutes"
How do I know based on the offensive alignment vs. our defense where the ball is going to go? And the players and Wink don't know?
"If this defense doesn't lay over and die I will be shocked. Prove me wrong, Ravens."
This is where the team has been demoralized. Sorry to say.
The defense can’t make a tackle to save their lives
What a clown ass season
we're so bad at the simple things
Defense is soft as hell man
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Oh yea after you just said he was faking his leg injury oookay
They can do anything against us
They match down the field on every drive. This defense simply can't do a thing.
Something on D bout to happen... Just saying....
Wink is honestly mad overrated
If we choke this game we deserve to lose honestly
Defense is killing me
Defense likely tired too
This is gonna be a soul crusher
We need a turnover here
God...theyre going to drive all the way down the field
Need a TO in the worst fucking way
30 yard run coming
All of a sudden we can't stop them
They're targeting #33 like crazy
Hey guys they might be running the same play
Same fucking play over and over.  Wtf
Fucking CHOKE HOLD on Calais for fuck sake!!
Dean Pees flashbacks
Imagine being an announcer amd sucking Cleveland’s dick
Not like this...
Lamar please come back. Fuck
"Defense is simply unable to make a stop. First down after first down, the Browns just continue to March downfield to the end zone. What the fuck has our defense become?"
What a way to end the season
Is this the part when Lamar comes back next position and the ravens win the bourbon bowl? Or is this the wrong movie....
What happened to Jimmy “glass man” Smith?
Tempo is killin this tired defense
Defense been frauds for most of the year
Harris is getting cooked all game. Who is this guy?
"how many ravens does it take to tackle nick chubb? 15, apparently"
this defense is just irrelevant in coverage
Davontae Harris is so soft. Cut him
secondary is selling this game
Shoving their shit right down our throat.
I’m done with this game. So done.
D Line getting held a lot
Just need two more stops please
I hate football man
this shit is like laughably bad at this point
LAMAR COME BACK PLS
LAMAR WHERE YOU AT
RIP this season
They're in four down territory right now. Especially with Trace at QB
This is embarrassing. Wake the fuck up
😡
"Overrated defense fucking sucks, can’t cover... can’t stop the run.... can’t tackle and can’t rush the passer"
In tucker we trust
Fuck this
Fuck that
Game
Just gave it to them
where the fuck is Lamar. WHY WHEN HE DOES THINGS HE'S GONE LIKE HOUDINI AND WE CAN'T STOP THESE GUYS.
CBs and Safety's watch that slow piece of shit run 10 yards for a touch down...
Thank God ninjago went to the marquise brown school of catching
Nightmare. Fire everyone.
Can we block their PAT this time?
"The browns actually suck, and we bailed them out a dozen times"
How do you not call a hold on that? Come on refs.
is lamar still out?
rip
All these dumbass fuckers on defense keep over pursuing and arm tackling
soft
I don’t even get the hope of Lamar coming back and winning the game cuz he has CRAMPS
this is where we fight with or without lamar. we still have tuck
Sometimes I wish I never started watching football I can’t deal with all these heart attacks
My heart cant handle this season man
"Defence is fucking pathetic, jesus christ man"
Defense is an absolute fucking joke this year
Brown better not even be on the field
:/
we don't have anyone to keep others in line. there isn't a single person playing with discipline on defense to keep it in check.
How the fuck did we blow a 14 point 4th Quarter lead?!???! Unfuckingbelivable
This is how the Ravens season go after being embarrassingly upset by the Titans in the playoffs?
"See, we get Humphrey saying it’s our identity to choke. We play ourselves. I wish we played with fire. You can just feel this team deflate like a balloon when things get tough."
"Just gut this fucking team, no heart on the Defense, no receiving weapons on the offense"
Harbaugh with the shocked pikachu face
Please come back Lamar!
"Did Lamar really had to poop? He had that ""oh shit I just sharted"" run back."
Rip season
our coverage sucks. With Jimmy out and apparently Averette out we can't do that. and of course that glorious browns OL never holds
BIG GAME TRACE
Forgot about being up 28-14. This is literally like the 2014 playoff game vs New England. Two blown 14 point leads
"Well, if Lamar is out we’re done. Not a chance."
Get a field goal at least.
"No Lamar. 

Time to throw it on a dime."
what that burger king ad fails to realize is that if the big plastic burger king surprised me in the drive through lit by a candle i would accelerate
If Trace wins the game he becomes a legend
purple bros... i know the pain
Are you kidding me
Where is DealDash finding these PS4s for over $300? Lol
Holy shit this is a legit nightmare
Just run the ball🤦🏾‍♂️
What the fuck else could go wrong
Fade me >.>
"If he’s cramping, that’s on coaching."
This is the worst coaching staff of all time
What a stupid game.
Greg what the fuck
Why throw it?!
Pain
Yeah fuck this season
Greg Roman is a dummie
Greg’s gonna call 3 passes isn’t he
Roman is a goddamn idiot
this really sucks guys.
Fucking pathetic play calls ontop of everything
Game over. We are trusting McSorley to pass....Roman is not running. We are done
2nd and long and we run.
I think they’ve scored more total points tonight than any of these matchups combined over the last decade. I’m used to 12-9 BAL-CLE games
yo that run with the fake Hollywood jet don't never work
The worst shit about this situation. People gonna say Lamar bitched out. I can already see /nfl circlejerking to it.
Greg Roman is a pos
I can’t believe this is how our season ends... to the fucking Browns and with our star QB cramping up in the locker room. Sad day.
Willie Snead is lowkey clutch
0 momentum or heart
NEED IV SNEAD!!!!! LEGGOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Snead you lucky fuck
if I could feel I would cry
Ole Reliable Snead thank god.
Is there a worse way to lose a game than your qb having shits and your secondary 8th depth corner getting targetted repeatedly. Like fuck this season
"THROW IT

ON A

DIME"
Our number fucking 1 Willie!
"Thank you, Snead!"
Dime alert!
Good shit trace
This team is fucking is a embarrassment
I remember not wanting to kill myself before 10 pm today
THANK YOU SNEAD. THANK YOU
"Thank god for Snead.

&#x200B;

Marquise - take notes."
"Theres life. Come on, just need a field goal."
Somebody get Brown some film on Snead.
"Snead’s been consistent all season, thank god. 

Hollywood, however, is trash tn"
No more big truss no more ball so hard this team is softer than the deuce Lamar just dropped lmao
JK DONT DO THAT
Bozeman with the save
Bozeman just saved the season
Mark andrews and willie snead are the true heroes
Feed the ball to gus i beggggg you
Take the manlet out of the game pls
Running the clock down
4D Chess. Gaining yards by fumbeling
We just need to kill clock and get the FG
Yo we're still in this lol.  Burn up some clock tho.
2 more 1st downs and Tucker will save us.
Willie Snead for player of the game
Take our time take time off the clock!!!!
"We just need a FG guys, run the ball and burn the clock"
We need to score we need to scoreeee
Cramps actually hurt like a bitch you can seriously injure yourself playing with them
Hi Gus
RUN THE DAMN BALL
"Chew clock, kick a field goal."
pound it with the bus
"Just run the ball, run, run, run"
"we'll get to the 2 yard-line and have the kick blocked

watch

nothing more fitting for this season"
Getting running
Just keep pounding please Roman
"Welp, we’re in field goal range lol"
ROMAN IF YOU FUCKING THROW THIS BALL I SWEAR TO GOD
"Run. It. Again. Greg.

If Trace throws this ball I will fucking jump off a bridge."
Fuck man not Ricard too
they need to keep dobbins in for the most important drive of the game
Run for our playoff liiiiiives
Omfg rip
I'm gonna fucking cry
Lamar gonna be the first player ever to leave a game injured with severe bubbleguts
"Oh no, we have no QB"
WHAT THE FUCK THAT WAS SO MUCH WORSE
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!?
Thats the game
God dammit. Tucker please come close this out
Good lord. It is just not our year.
They don't know who the third quarterback is isn't it RG3?
hearing the brown fans cheering.
WHAT THE FUCK
Terrible play call.
SAM KOCH TIME
This season is a fucking joke. Gotta be.
Koch is is
THANK GOD LAMAR
FOR FUCK SAKE COME ON
This fucking field
Did Ricard get hit in the Junk?
let tucker kick it
He is back
This team is snake bitten
BRUH MY HEART
ok
FUCK
WHAT IS HAPPENING
Fucking stupid call
Give me Koch!!
predictable QB option incoming
Superhero lamar
WHERE IS LAMAR WHAT THE FUCK
Save us Lamar please
Lamar is back!
You can’t write this
I can't wait for 2020 to be done jesus fuck
Wtf is happening?
"LAMAR BACK and we're clearly in 4 down territory, yes?

Or do we give Tucker the kick and hope for 1 last D stop?"
PLZ LORD
WE ARE SAVED
Is this real life?
They totally lubed this field
What kind of playcalling is that.
This fucking season man.. this fucking season
the 2nd coming of our savior 🙏🏻
What do you even do here?
THIS IS FUCKING NUTS
what in the hell is this game
What is even happening
 If Lamar comes in and saves this. My god.........
This game is insane
Save us llama
This fucking team man
MY HEART CANT TAKE THIS!!
Lamar really had the runs eh
Ugh I wish if that were going to happen it would've happened on 2nd
OMAR COMIN
Lol shits so wack
"Tucker now is your time to shine...if you miss it's over

Pls tell me you still fuckin got it"
Lamar came just in time
LMAO WTFFF
What is even happening
Somebody gonna drop a wide open pass on 4tb down to end the game you know it
PLEASE LAMAR. PLEASE
Get both qbs hurt brilliant
Why is that the play call ever Greg?
God please 🙏🙏🙏
Lets just go for it them our d wont stop them
what is real?
BAH GAWD.....THATS LAMAR JACKSON’S MUSIC!!!
I can’t fucking take this man
I’m happy Lamar is back. Wish he would of came out of the bathroom about 5 minutes earlier. Boys we are scared
Lamar about to end this team’s whole career
WHY THE FUCK IS TRACE MCSORELY RUNNING A FUCKING READ OPTION!!!??? WE HAVE RBS TO GET THE 2 DAMN YARDS WE NEED....GAAAAAAWWWWWD
Paul Pierce
Why a QB keep? Edwards had tons of space to hit the edge
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
Brown you are forgiven
well this is awkward
AHHHHHH
HOLLYWOOOD
Soulja!!!
What the fuck even is this game!?
Defense needs to step the fuck up man. Right now
how far of a field goal would this be? 60+ yards?
LETS FUCKKKINGGGGG GOOOOOKK
WHAT IS THIS GAME
What the hell has happened?
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING!?!?!?!?!?!
That’s what y’all doomers get fuck yeah
Superman!
LAMAR JACKSON SAVES THE WORLD
"Hollywood, all is forgiven"
That is redemption
LAMAAAAAARRRR
Hell yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LMFAO
OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
What is this game lol
Holy shit I love Lamar
YEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH
The fucking Llama
the shit on the ball must’ve given hollywood a little grip
lol wow
Lamar Jackson from the top rope I’m in tears
Hollywood Brown!!!!!
YES HOLLYWOOD REDEEM YOURSELF
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED
#SUPERMAN IS IN THE BUILDING
Finally Hollywood catches something
YES MARQUISE
Absolutely astonished he didn’t drop it
HE FUCKING CAUGHT IT?
This game is fucking insane
Thats some Hollywood shit
You redeemed yourself!!!!
Bro anyone else wish we didn't score there ?
He should have just fallen down. Fuck.
WHAT KIND OF GAME IS THIS
Omg. What is happening. Lamar is the ravens.
SOULJAHHHHHH!!!! Fuck the Browns!!
SOULJA YESSSSSSSSS FICK
What the actual fuck is happening
HOLLYWOOD REDEEMED!
I KEPT FAITH FOR YALL
BEST GAME OF THE YEAR GOT DAMN
Should of took a knee inside the 5. Way to much time left
"Redemption, I was wrong! LOL"
"ALL IS REDEEMED, HOLLYWOOD!"
This is the most unpredictable game ever
I can not believe it
HOLY SHIT LETS GOOOOO
Marquise still trash.
WHAT IS GOING ON
BROWN WHAT THE FUCK
Hollywood Redemption Arc
MY GUY SHIT HIS PANTS AND COME BACK TO TAKW THE LEAD
HhahahahahahahahahahabahahahHab
Oh My God!
BIG MAN MARQUISE
He should have went down
Jackson with his best Paul Pierce impersonation.
Lmao what the fuck was that?
HE REMEMBERED HE HAS TWO HANDS
THIS IS A FUCKING HISTORIC GAME
In all seriousness though the WWE couldn't come up with this shit hahaha.  Marquise brown catches that for a TD on 4th down after 3 key drops today.  From Lamar Jackson.  Who comes out of nowhere with the steel chair.
I retract my earlier statement about Hollywood replacement.
I WANT OFF THIS RIDE
"BAH GAWD where is Jim Ross when you need him?

RIP!"
REDEMPTION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I’m speechless
\#PoopPower
He redeemed himself here!
"Holy shit, we were in the depths of despair and now we are at in the light."
Big brain strategy. 3 intentional drops to set up the late game play where no one bothers covering him
WHAT A FUCKING MOMENT
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
My beautiful boi is s back
Some hero shit
NO FUCKIGN WAY IS THIS REAL 2020 IS UNREAL
Ref with the final block
Asking for a JK Dobbins jersey for Christmas.
On my god yessss
THIS GAME IS FUCKING INSANE
FUCK CLEVELAND!!!
HOLLYWOOD CAUGHT IT
this is a fucking classic
This is like scripted as fuck but i love it
IF THE DEFENSE RUINS THIS FUCKING FAIRY TALE ENDING
Defense needs to pull themselves together and get this stop
Wtf did i just watch.
He caught it when it mattered.
Ok now I don’t know what to say...so I’m gonna just keep acting tough till I figure it out...
We got this
D up ravens
Hollywood using the ref as a blocker
Stop playing with my emotions like that
I thought y’all wanted Hollywood cut
WHAT THE FUCK
Everyone in this sub that was negtaive. I want you to relize how shit you are. Learn to be positive or stop watching sports.
This has to be the game of the year right?
Tape jimmy up and get him the fuck back in there. We need 4 plays baby
Just Kiddinggggggg
Omg the memes that will come from this will be fantastic
LETS GOOOOOOOO
This is such an insane game holy shit
What.
Wow. You can't right a better story
Holy shit
wtf is this game
I have no idea how to feel about Hollywood
Unreal. The ups. The downs. Let's fucking go boys.
I'm still so nervous in this defense. Please give me something clutch
"If we hold on to this game. **This** is the potential turning point, no some loss to the Steelers keeping them undefeated."
What happen to cut brown? Lmao
"Lamar like ok cool, I'm gonna go take a shit"
How about some love for Gus throwing that lead block with Pat hurt?
Wow.
My heart can't
YOU CANNOT WRITE THIS SHIT
I don’t think I’ve screamed that loud since the mile high miracle
Lamar our hero
I call upon the energy of Ed Reed and Ray Lewis
Ahh! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TEAM OF DESTINY MOTHERFUCKERS
Please fucking kill Baker on the next drive
Dobbins please fuck my gf!
Defense needs to step up
Marquise Brown is kewl
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
GOD I FUCKING LOVE LAMAR
LAMAR JACKSON IS SAVIOR
JK Dobbins with the absolute hammer run 💪
"Okay, I kinda take it back soulja."
"Alright so I’m a die hard Steelers fan but is a fucking gaaaaame, hope Baltimore pulls it off!!"
Too bad we don’t have a defense and the browns are gonna run down the field and score then win in OT
I’m still mad at Hollywood he can’t keep playing with my heart like this.
Man I'm still mad at him but wow that a miracle play
What a legend. Comes running back and throws a Td after one play
Give the man some imodium! He's earned it.
LETS FUCKING  GOOOOOOO
Yo that was still another fucking body catch this man cannot stop...
Hollywood picks the strangest times to actually be good
What a tale by llamar
i'm so tense
Why couldn't Hollywood take a dive at the one and give us the chance to end it without giving cleveland this much time!?
UH JUST LIKE WE PLANNED IT
DO IT DEFENSE. DO IT
And fuck
Whatever happens this is an absolutely amazing game. You can't write this shit
This is the fucking game that's gonna push us to the super bowl I know it
Toilet paper on lamar foot when he walked out the locker room
SOMEONE NEEDS TO HELP HARRIS!!!!!!!!!!! help him wink!!!!
My MVP
This fucking defense is going to do this to us.
"I always lie to myself that I’m gonna turn the game off, glad I lied."
FUCK
"The way Lamar ran into the locker room vs the way he ran out, he totally had to take a shit"
OK I thought Harris was doing well but he's been ass the last few plays lol
Bruh Harris couldn't even shove that man and he was in the fucking air!!
33 is a liability
peoples jones has been taking 33s lunch money all night
Okay defense. Now is the fucking time.
THE CAM OF LLAMA RUNNING OUT YES
Best case scenario here is Baker leaves enough time for the offense to score a field goal
I played cornerback in middle school. What are my chances for the Ravens?!
Harris been getting beat all night anyway
This field sucks!!
THIS IS IT DEFENSE CAN YOU PLEASE FUCKING SHOW UP
Prayers up to Trace though that man is a fucking goat just like Lamar!!!!!!!
"Defense come the fuxk on, earn your fucking money."
Anthony Levine should be coming in at corner now I believe
You guys think if the Browns get a TD they going for a special point or for a 2 points to fuck with us?
Please defense I beg you
DEFENSE PLEASE!!!!!!
I fn hate this anemic defense
Levine is a veteran at least
Imagine having a defense worse than this
come on D pls don't fuck us
COME ON D
Stop signing old ass players Jimmy Smith and Brandon Carr
Fuck put Snead or Andrews out there over Harris at this point
Lamar doesn’t deserve this D
Levine on Landry?!?!?! Oh lawwd
Why is Levine on Landry?!
Not activating Averett was a mistake
Defense smd
Damn defense man..
This is some shit you’d do in fucking NCAA 14
Jesus christ man
This whole defense can get outta here
Lmaooo this defense
More 10 yard cushions.  Wink is trash.
Fuck it. They gave us enough time to win it.
Worst defensive game we played in a long long time
What the fuck Marlo
Defense is garbage holy shit
Do they go for 2?
Much time
damn it
Our best chance of winning was Hollywood falling down and killing the clock. This defense fucking stinks
Did you really give up on that fucking tackle?
is it possible for the steelers browns and ravens to all make the playoffs
Good news: they scored quick
This is why you should of took a knee inside the 5..............
My emotions are burned out...
What is hump even doing lately
Lamar has to carry so damn hard this is sad
"Here we go Lamar, save us from this hell"
Our defense fucking sucks today man
TRASH
just play man we are trash at zone
this defense is gonna kill me
Miss miss miss pls
That may actually be a good thing
A minute with the best kicker in the league is a long time
Now that makes two of us to crap our pants
ok guys
It's just fucking cringe to watch our defense in the 4th
oh my god what's happening
Of course defense chokes
I’ve never hated a defense more than this
WHAT THE HELL ARE WE DOING!?
we need new coordinators for real
Defense can’t get a stop.
Enough time for field goal
Wow just wow this defense
Lamar will get it in fg range
one stop that’s all we need
The fact that Cleveland isn’t going for two against our paper thin defense
This is the worst I remember the Ravens D ever playing this season. This is not Ravens D. Idk what the fuck this soft crap is that I’m looking at
another miss here would be nice
We have the best kicker in the league I’m confident
Cody gonna miss
Yeah so we definitely need another corner or safety
"Wink, try adjustments dude"
What the fuck is Marlo doing???
Please whiff the 2 poiny
Block this extra point
This defense is inexcusably bad for the money we're paying them.
How tf is Marlon getting beat by a RB.
Lamar gonna drive to a field goal
"Good, mad it took them that long honestly. Now let Tucker try and win it"
Could get help from Parkey here.
Cmon parkey blow it
Wink not good enough
Was wink crying on the sideline?
Holy shit it’s almost midnight
Hate my life man
We have enough time.. up to offence now!
Pls lamar
LET'S GO GET IT DOWN FIELD. GET THE FG. WIN IT
"Hush up, LeBron. Even you wouldn't stay in Cleveland."
"I did not foresee both teams breaking 40 in this game. What a wild ride. Let's go Offense, let's put this game away. We only need 3."
Hurry up
My heart. I can’t take it
Lamar needs to go win this god damn game right now. No bullshit. Get Tucker what he needs.
How will I sleep tonight?!
Man time
I want off this ride it makes my peepee hurt
Whats been up with our TO management this year?
Set up faster
Fucking get to the side line
Timeout. Kick it. Win. Lamar you GOD
welp.
My heart
Let’s go tucker
And here.... we..... go
Should have clocked it with less time
i love you tuck
"Man, come on Tuck."
I'm dead
I wanted to get a lot closer than that!
I’m scared as fuck right now but I believe
It’s windy
Wowowowowowowow
MONEY
FUCK YES
THANK GOD!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
TUCKER THE GOD!!!!!
YESSSS
#TUCKERRRRRR
Love Lamar
ICE IN HIS GODDAMN VEINS
LMAO FUCK THE BROWNS!!!
YESSAS
Ksmalandkalke
AUTOMATUCK!!!!
This was the greatest game ive ever watched. Good fucking game.
Justin mf tucker
That’s why you get yourself the best kicker in history!!
FUCKING MONEY BABY!!!! WOOOOOOO
#IN TUCKER WE FUCKING TRUSS
Im gonna fucking cry
Defense has 1 chance to make up for the whole game
FUCKING MONEY
Best ravens game ever
🐐🐐🐐
#BIG MOFO'N TRUSS!!!!
BAAAAAAAAAAAAANG
HES THE GOAAAATTTTTTT THE FUCKING GOATT
The goooooooooooaaaaaaaaattttttttt
I'm fucking cooming!
"TUCKER IS THE MAN

&#x200B;

FUCKING SNIPER"
THE GOAT
Best kicker of all time
"Fuck. Tucker is electric. What a stud. Suck it, baker!"
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
TUCKER MY MAN!!!
Oh my fucking lawd!!
Boom bam goddamn
OMG
"I'll repeat, thank God we ha e the best kicker in history"
THE NORTH IS NOT ENOUGH!!!!! ONWARD!!!!!
THE GOAT
GOAT GOAT GOAT GOAT
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO OH MY GOD TUCKER
UN-FUCKING-BELIEVABLE
What a fuckin kick
Lamar and Tuck man. Unreal game!
Squib this shit
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
OH MY GOD YES YES YES
"IM GETTIN A TUCKER JERSEY FOR CHRISTMAS, BOOK IT"
AUTOMATUCK!!!!!
TUCKER THE MVP
AUTOMATUCK
GG BOYS! WHAT A GAME
This is the most fun game I’ve watched all season
🐐🐐🐐
GOAT GOAT GOAT GOAT GOAT
TRASH ASS BROWNS LMFAOOOO
FUCK YEAHHHHHHHALDGEBOABSL
WHAT A GAME
POGGERS
IM STILL SCARED
The browns wish they had a good kicker. Lmfao. Ravens got that and Lamar Jackson.
Why not squib kick? I'm so nervous
LETS FUCKING GO TUCKER I LOVE BEING A RAVEN! LETS FUCKING GO FLOCK
I swear to God I think this is the best football game I’ve ever seen
BIG TRUSSSSSSSS
I CANT SIT STILL. SOMEBODY HELP.
SUCK MY DICK BROWNS FANS. YOU WILL ALWAYS BE OUR BITCH
Player of the game...HUGGIES
Why not squib???
FUCK YESSSSSS LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO
Justin I love you
"god I just want this game to end, most anxiety I've had about football in a long time"
LETS GO!!!!!
GUYS WE DIDNT CHOKE. Is this real life??
I’m pacing so much. Need these 2 seconds gone
"This is why you pay Justin Tucker 

Tucker = 🐐"
As u/dinez stated this game shall from this moment forward will be known as the Cramp Game
It’s not over until the clock hits zero. Not with this shit defense
"My chest hurts and my arms just went numb, do I need to call an ambulance?"
TUCKER IS OUR DAD
That’s why he’s the GOAT
DADDY TUCKER
SHOTS!!!!
LMFAOO
"Damn man, I'm shaking"
Craziest game I have ever seen in my life
No way I’m going to fall asleep tonight. No way
Insult to injury
That’s my qb
That was an incredible game holy hell
Absolutely electric. Safety
Tuning into espn all week!!!
That was some Shane falco shit. Gotta have heart!
Yes tears tears! That’s what you get for breaking quarantine
Turning point of the season..Let's goi
Safety 😁😁
Holy Hell
One word. Yippppeeeeee!!!!
Another miserable failure in a big moment. Defense fails every time they need to. Every single time.
I feel a turnover coming
Garbage defense.
"I'm not trying to be a Doomer or anyting but we're playing like absolute shit right now on ""defense"""
Enough with the 4 running backs! Every time justice hill is in something bad happens
Mark Andrews is a god damn Souljia not some fucking midget wanna be butter fingers asshole who can't keep his mouth shut.
I LOVE Lamar. Dudes jersey is hanging up on my wall. They can't give him anything close to Mahomes money.
Peters ofc lol
The classic “I’m hurt” to mask the fact he didn’t even try to get up when he tripped.
"I do not believe that Peters is hurt. I think he's tryna cover for his trash play in the most critical moment of the game to this point.

Sorry if I'm wrong in advance"
Boy do I hate being right all the time. I just knew this team would choke away that lead....how? Because it is the 4th fucking time.
"Question 1: why does Gus have 5 attempts when he is averaging 8yds per carry?

Question 2: When is the last time we have had a Sack??? whats the point of signing Ngakoue? he has done nothing but over shoot the Qb a couple times a game"
YALL AXTING LIKE WE CANT COME BACK! EVEN IF WE DONT. FUCK YOU!
Chiefs would realistically score 80 on us today.
Typical soft ass Ravens. Miss when we had real men playing for us. Everyones accountable for this season. No heart
TFW you have the nervous shits for a football game
fuck our opponents and getting lucky with fumbles
Fucking piss poor defense. That was one of the worst drives I've seen us have all year.
First drive of the game is a TD... gonna be a looooong night.
Defense looked good that first drive. Just need to tighten up a bit
Looks like they watched the Chiefs game and figure it out screens are our weakness
Ngl that was a terrible throw
"If people didn’t notice, that deep ball wasn’t side arm which is how is normally throws so it wasn’t the best, bad you could say, but that’s what happens when you have no offseason"
Now if the def. can get  their heads out of their tailpipes
How is that Cleveland’s ball again? Asking for a friend
FUCK THE REFS
the nfl is an actual joke this is so biased
Go fuck yourself Mayfield drew your own player with your constant hard count
ENOUGH WITH THESE FLAGS WTFFF
Little baker gets tossed easy tho
What is up with this field?
The turf is too slippery
But also that play design was ass. Some WR was right in the same line of sight as the deeper Andrews. Fuck GRo
Jesus fucking Christ...
Fuck the fucking refs
How many plays until Lamar slips?
"Illegal formation call coming on a 3rd and 6 on this drive, pushing us back to 3rd and 11 which will then be a pass play where the line collapses in .2 seconds resulting in a sack. Calling it."
broke 300k covid deaths today and there's people in a stadium. Can't have billionaire team owners not make even more money I guess.
Aw he hurt his elbow awwww. Poor guy.
Oh shit that’s huge. Hope you feel better tomorrow instantly
"Lamar is still the goat, Roman just can’t use him. A good OC would have got us a ring last year 🚫🧢"
I am surprised it was upheld
Chubb is literally Thanos
"FUCK THIS SEASON.

This needs to be a wake up call for EDC and Harbs."
Why the fuck are we even using Justice Hill? Why does he do better than Dobbins? Why can’t we let ANYONE get into a rhythm?
Yes we all know how much you want Greg Roman fired
"Okay so the equipment guys didn’t bring extra cleats? This team is so fucking annoying at times, can we ever have an even shot we always make thing difficult for ourselves shit is infuriating, Greg Roman you’re a fucking idiot fuck you and your shit scheme you cunt"
Chargers fan here. Seeing real Anthony Lynn vibes from that play calling. Just know that it could be worse than roman
Holy shit is that the first OPI called in our favour this year?
How is it not intentional grounding????
Fuck Hollywood.
If he leads Mandrews on that throw it’s a TD
"Who sucked more, Perriman or brown"
I'm still grumpy that flacco deliberately ignored lamar wide open in the endzone in 2018.
"dang that was a dope Drive! Steelers fan checking in, pulling for you guys"
So weird.. It's like we get confirmation trump is out of office and the whole world starts to go back to normal 😂😂
Riddick killin a man on live tv lol
any clue when we are going to start covering people?
Why is Peters playing off on a RB?!?!
FUCK THE BROWNS
That TD is on Harbs. He missed a clear challenge on the pass. Got only 1 foot in bounds.
LFGGGG
"Again, anyone not 44 on this defense can kick rocks"
why do we spend so much on defense lol
Ravens and fucking important drives with dumb shit penalties
Fuck man that needs to be a td
2 really bad throws at a bad time
God damn Lamar
Christ almighty if Lamar was accurate
How tf do you miss that
Cmon defense don’t blow it again
"12 players on the field, fucking inexcusable!!!"
I feel like 15 on the field is somehow so terrible it's great.
Defense is dangerously bad.
Wide open touchdowns all fucking year
Fuck this defense so much man.
Peters and Elliott are becoming liabilities.
"Coverage is awful, Peters has been a let down this year besides a couple games"
It wasn’t analytics. They don’t trust their kicker.
Have a feeling we are about to blow another lead.
#Fuck Brown’s butterfinger ass!!!!
Wtf happened to Lamar?
How can the losing team look 100% better
Guys we just need a field goal...
This type of game is the worst. I'd rather get blown tf out
I swear our defense thinks it’s hockey and there’s only 3 periods
34 points and we are going to fucking lose. This season is over. We don’t deserve the playoffs
This is what a team that doesn’t deserve to make the playoffs looks like
"I'm preparing my Blame of the Game post rn ""Lamar's bowels"""
"HAHA delay of game with a bum kicker. My god, they still are the Cleveland Browns."
Fact is the Ravens defense has been mediocre or complete ass cheeks since maybe 2011. They aren’t going anywhere ever with this soft ass shit
We deserve what ever we get this season. Calais Campbell and all these jokes on defense ain't winning a championship.
Fuck studying for finals just gonna watch the Ravens choke another lead eh
"Losing to the browns because Lamar had to poop, how fitting"
We lose
"25 years of tough gritty play. Dirty birds, play like a raven, Lewis, Reed Suggs. This team, fucking weak. It makes me sick."
Why havent we even tried to run the ball with our backup QB in
Why don’t they just say Lamar is taking a shit?
This has tv movie written all over it....QB comes from the crapper on 4th down
"Defense about to blow this game

AGAIN"
#FIRE THE ENTIRE DEFENSE JESUS TAPDANCING FUCKING CHRIST
"Harbaugh 100% said “let them score”

Lamar with 1:04, a timeout, and only need a JT field goal?? Yes plz"
"Everything on Lamar again, we’re going to have to pay him half our salary cap"
Martindale has really choked this game.
JUSTIN TUCKER ILL SUCK YOUR DICK
Lamar on the outside looking in for the MVP race now...? 👀👀👀
Time for this pussy ass Defense to give up a long drive and score
"Imagine trying to run the option with Trace Mcsorley when you spent a first round pick on JK Dobbins


Edit. 2nd my bad"
Our line backers are fucking so bad. I’m talking all time bad at 2/4 positions. Below replacement level shit tier. Queen need to sit for a while and think about watching a little bit of film. Board needs to be cut immediately if you don’t want to tackle you can’t be a raven.
Why the fuck is Ingram on the field
We’re getting absolutely fucked by the refs right now
I hate baker and the browns with a passion but tbh some of the commercials make me laugh
This defense would be so much better with Earl Thomas. Shame he went full psycho
We have an opportunity to go up two scores now.
"I'm calling it:

Trace McSorely's touchdown bomb was the turning point of our season."
We got this in the bag
Our defense really fucking stinks man
4th down is so lame in this league now. Virtually everyone goes for it. And most defenses allow a 1st down on 4th down as if it’s early in the game and it’s 2nd and short
"This defense can't set the edge, defend a screen, or tackle the QB. Kind of adds up to a recipe for failure."
Spent hella money and picks for this shit ass defense
Gonna lose 35-34 cause Tucker missed the xp
Biiigggg trruuussssssss
We walk off on primetime and they still sucking clevend dong lol
Most overrated defense I’ve ever seen lmao
THIS SUB IS SO TOXIC
The Browns are dogshit. Literally. Whoop the fuck outta these turds.
"@Jeffzrebiec 

>Ravens say CB Jimmy Smith is questionable return with shoulder injury.


The guy was on the injury report all week with a groin injury and somehow he goes out there and injures his shoulder too. Might be time for him to hang it up soon."
Dude. How does an nfl QB just butcher those two passes back to back
Ravens choke away another one. 2020 folks.
"Any other QB and they say ""He overthrew it whatever, a good QB will do that 3 times a game"" with Lamar it's ""BaD pAsS hIs MeChAnIcS aRe OfF"""
Lamar makes that play 9/10 chill.
[deleted]
How is that not offensive PI!? He manhandled Peters?!
"It's over, can't believe i stayed up again to watch this pathetic fucking team just quit, fuck this team man"
Lamar can’t throw. I hate to say it but that’s 7 points he just cost us.
Everyone who doesn't think we can win this game: 🤡
I fucking hate Monday night football. Fuck ESPN and their thieving bullshit agreements.
Good start I hate roku I'm 22 seconds behind so everyone not comment 22 seconds after the play plz
Couldn’t tell if Fort or Harrison but terrible job by the weak side ILB
There was holding on every play that drive!
But honestly our D is sleeping rn
Idt I’ve ever seen us pull off a flea flicker play
I already want to go to bed lol
Trash ass Cleveland field trash ass city
Powers is fucking trash
"Jesus their field is so shitty, Lamar needs longer spikes"
THAT WAS NOT ROUGHING THE PASSER WTF
I really hope someone rattles mayfield. He's such a cock.
These refs saving the browns ass rn
Fuck the refs so much
Refs bailing out Cleveland on this drive lmfao
Tried and true “lol” in the browns game thread after they brick is undefeated
God god their field is horrible
Peters needs to brush his teeth.
D line getting no push. Safeties can’t cover. O line can’t protect. Will have to rely on our stars to make plays today
Not gonna lie I loved when miles hit Mason with his helmet lmao
Hope Garret's ok
THIS is why we don't need a big time wr. 2 TD drives with 1 pass on each. Keep investing in the run game and the passes will open up on play action
Fuck yeah dude nuts.com
Is this not The Voice?
"Really bro, we are buds and all, but if you tell me about your high school playing days in comparison to professionals, I'm going to flip."
"Banned from r/nfl for 3 days, let’s get it y’all lmao"
Literally all this offense does well is run. That's it. It is one dimensional as fuck
To all the Browns fans creeping around here. You ain't shit
"If we throw, at all, Greg needs to be fired at the half. It's clear we have no targets and can't buy Lamar 2 seconds."
I know their bros but Lamar needs to ignore brown unless he is absolutely wide open with now one around.
Lamar is playing great tonight.
I'm downvoting anyone who doesn't vote Lamar for player of the game if we close the game out! /s (but not really)
Bad throw
Baker ain’t a franchise qb🤷‍♂️
Second foot toe dragged the ground before landing out. With that being said please answer this Lamar
"If we don’t answer here, they will tie it up"
Kareem TD just lost me fantasy playoff 😪
"This defense doesn’t want to tackle, it’s like a bunch of patty cake out there. These are apparently alphas out there and they look straight bitches."
Can we see some more andrews? I'm starting to forget he's on the team
lamar can't over throw that man dang it
Stop leaving so many fucking plays on the field...
"aaand twice in a row he throws to nobody. This guy needs to open both eyes when he throws.

Again - if you can't throw, an All Run offense only lasts about 3.5 quarters, and we didn't run up enough points to endure a runaway 4th qtr. This game is not secured."
Two missed throws
I don’t trust our defense
What the fuck.
That was on Tucker.  He chunked it like I chunk my driver off the 1st tee.
FUCK JOE BUCK
Hands to the face....on his chest?
12 man on D? They probably got us... WTF!!!!!
Are we scared to call TO’s on defense for a reason or...?
First half we couldn’t capitalize on the forced fumbles. We have to convert on this pressure. Up two scores isn’t enough right now with the way our defense is letting the run go all day long.
Y’all before we overreact too much I think the browns offensive is actually pretty decent so I’m not gonna worry too much unless we struggle like this against the jags
Bench the coaches!!
Does Lamar have the shits again?
He's laying a mud monkey in the urinal
Wow MP
Soft as shit
Fucking hell. Our safeties suck in coverage.
Thought he could have just run for the first but that works too lol
Peters been getting smoked all year
"Sit hear and cry about bad luck, but we put ourselves in this spot, time and time again. It’s nothing new."
Fucking marquise
“We need more Soulja’s” ... bitch we need some fucking hands. Fuck you son of a bitch
Why do we draft such trash WR’s. Why can’t we draft good ones :( pain. Don’t draft the short skinny guy. Of course he can’t catch. Didn’t learn that from Perriman?
We going to end up losing because Harris and Lamar had to take a shit
"There has been a shift in momentum, its always bad for us"
Fuck this sorry ass soft-as-dog-shit team
Thats game. Fuck this shitty ass defense
Elliot legit can’t play coverage
"Get the fuck back here Lamar. If our playoff hopes go because you've got fucking cramps, I will be livid. One series I understand, but that should not be a game-ending injury."
I dont trust Trace McSorley here.  Haven't seen him enough.   Jesus chrsit.  Not like this....
"Every fucking week same shit, what a fucking joke"
"No matter the outcome, It's moment's like this that make football so exciting to watch. This is going to be a crazy next 6 mins"
Better fucking score on this drive let’s go . Don’t be doomer s yet
this white guy sucks
[deleted]
McSorley has no arm.  We are *NOT* going to win running  the damn ball for a couple yards every time from here on out..
[deleted]
Prayers for Trace. He’s not a backup qb. He’s practice squad. Let’s hope Tucker can get it. Lamarrrrrr
The GOAT IS BACK. There’s no way he was injured btw lol. Definitely bathroom. You see him running?
I’m going to bed. Fuck this game.
"Ah yes, on a 3rd and 2 why not give it to our strongest RB? Let's give it to a dude who's more of a Tik Tok meme than a football player. Good job Roman."
The fuck is this field made of
Not forgiving your bum ass but nice job
Why are the chiefs wearing browns uniforms
the mood change when watching the offense vs defense...
PLZ DONT CHOKE IM HAVING FLASHBACKS
Marlon has been terrible this year aside from the forced fumbles
No leaders on this defense all those guys are fucking losers
Wink is a fucking coward.
Am I dumb for thinking Hollywood should have gone down at the 1? Milk the clock kick the field goal
I think it’s it’s time to fire Wink and get a whole new  scheme. This shit is not cutting it.
LeBum
This cunt won’t shut about how good the browns are.
That was amateur hour by the Browns. Somebody going to get hurt with that nonsense.
Defense isn't gonna hold up this game you can tell already
Campbell shouldn’t be playing. Like at all
First drive and about 35 yards of obvious penalties on the browns not called. Going to be a long night
This defense is very overrated
Put Trace in u cowards
Another illegal shift penalty.  Terrible team.
Fuck I hope Garrett is okay.
"Half of these assholes aren't even wearing a mask 
  
Edit - The fans"
“Why put somebody’s business on the street!” 😂
"Lamar's touch and feel from last year is gone, sadly."
Fucking penalty killed that drive.  Lamar had to pass to try to over come it and we have to punt.
God damn we really need WRs that can compensate for Lamars deep overthrows
"Guys, Chuck Clark is a liability in pass coverage"
Another turnover coming up. Truss.
"Lazy fucking ass players. I’m sorry, that is just pathetic. No hussle. No heart."
[removed]
Run D still a huge problem. Same old Ravens
All of you who begged for Trace to come in all year... you caused this
Lol no one gives a fuck what LeBitch has to say.
"Baker with an all-time game on MNF.

Ravens gonna win tho like I said.

Fuck, I'd give my left nut to have Baker instead of Trubisky fml"
This sub fucking implodes when there is diversity. Good lord.
"Said it before, I'll say it again.  This is my least favorite Ravens team in years.  Prima donna bullshit, underperforming pussies."
Can we get rid of Peters this off-season? A 4th even?
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE MVP THOUGH LOOOOL
Fuck all you haters. Don't be in here celebrating when we win! Punk ass
"Plenty of time left. 

&#x200B;

PANIC FOR THE NON-BELIEVERS!!!!!!!!!"
is it too late to take back Humphries' millions
I hate this team. I actually hate them.
"Down 1, 7 mins left, anything can happen, don’t panic. You guys have the best kicker in the league. Just need a couple first downs on this drive"
Shows why we needed Thomas 😩
"If wink and Roman aren't gone by next season, harbs needs to go also. They are holding this team back."
We'll need to be a different team than we've managed to be since week one to pull this out.  Let's hope our Ravens are ready to physically dominate this team
won’t be long now
Our entire season depends on this game I REALLY hope their play reflects this
😐😐😐😐😑
We need old school Ravens football tonight. Let’s go boys.
Fuckkkkkkkkkkk
Fuck these kids bro let's fucking go
I really want to start on Defense
LETS GO FLOCKK 🐾LETS SHOW EM WHY WE STILL IN THE PICTURE AND SHUT THESE BROWNS TF DOWN
I smell blowout ... which way idk
Can I get this game over antenna?
Man I'm hoping for the W but idk what offense we're going to get tonight
if we win tonight who has the tiebreaker? us or the dolphins?
Win or go home boys lets go
Plz win
This feels normalish
I know we got all the pieces to win this game. Let's go!
My heart.
Mmmm
Good sign to start off
Get that PRESSURE YES
What a hit! We're getting in Mayfield's hat early tonight
Do that every time they PA.
"**Here we go Ravens, here we go!**"
Can I get a fuck the browns from everyone?
"Yes big hit early on, let him know what we about"
Why is Ferguson inactive?
"Happy holidays flock, lets eat this W!!!!!!!"
HOW OLD IS MCPHEE
That’s a hold
set the tempo lets go
Judon what a great hit
Not getting stonewalled at the line of scrimmage would go a long way to stopping screens
Chris Board huh
SIT DOWN X2
Chris Board needs to hit the weight room
"Already BS no call on the Conklin hold, I saw that through my Tv but the refs somehow missed that."
How many times are we going to let teams shit on us with screens?
"Ahh, yes, the screen, our true weakness"
Why is Board getting Snaps over Fort and Harrison?
Jesus we can’t defend screens at all
Get Board off the field
Get Boards bum ass out of the game already
SIT DOWN JARVIS
Landry got hit hard lol but of course they're going to do that shit
I FUCKING CALLED IT!!!!!!!
Always with the trick plays against us...
What’s with our utter inability to stop screens
Judon is hurt
GODDAM SCREENS!!!
"Chris Board is playing a lot for a team that has Queen, Fort, and Harrison in front of him"
Damn screens
this gimmicky  ass shit lol
Landry got lit up 🔥...but still completed it.
"Steelers - 2 yard pass after 2 yard pass
Browns - Screen after screen"
Fucking killing us on play action.
Literally the same fucking play
Moving the ball so easy on us
We never cover tight ends.
Damn it
Middle linebacker is still a major weakness on this team. I hope queen gets a lot better in the offseason.
God damn our defence is getting sliced.
Njokoue seems to be a problem for us most games.
"This game is fucked, defense still hasn't woken up from 2 weeks ago"
Holy shit
Any chance that’s an incomplete?
MARLON AGAIN
we need to do what other teams do to us: tell our far ends to go after the qb no matter what
Pernell just has no speed at all man
Marlon 💘
"7 on the year now, insane"
Browns looking competent
Lucky ass
Does that count as another FF for Marlo?
How is that not a face mask?
higgens is a weak link
So unfortunate on these FFs!
Two bad bounces already smh
What was that tackle. if he didn't fumble that's a TD
marlon again omg we gotta get that fumble for him
Lol
Embarrassing
Welp...
Meh
damn it
Fucking straight garbage
Way to easy
Not a great start
lol
Lol
shit
Nice Judon
[deleted]
Press man and live with it
Defense is good! The offense has proven to score big off of Roman's 6 play playbook this season. This W is in the bag!
"Duverney is so, so close to breaking one off"
Tf kinda drive was that
Defense got worked on opening drive with ease
come the hell on guys
Stop making the Browns pleased
Ingram doing the dirty work. Sigh.
Amazing graphic
Not enough separation for the flea flicker
What the fuck was that
Yeah Dobbins better get a lot more touches tonight
Embarrassing play right out the gate.
A fucking flea ficker.... What?
Greg Roman has found the invention of the flea flicker!
"Yeah, that is not us, what is that play call?"
bruh
Amazing how basic shit works.
You cant do a flea flicker if you have no one to throw to lol
Yo what the hell
HOW IS THAT THE FIRST PLAY YOU RUN HOW ABOUT RUN IT THEN TRY THAT WTF MAN
That was the poorest execution of a flea flicker I've ever seen lmao
How do you not throw the ball on a flea flicker. Cmon Lamar pull the trigger
awful execution on that flea flicker
Holding 3 and out
Ffs dude
bro wtf just run the ball
Phew
OH MY GOD WHAT IS THIS PLAYCALLING
I don’t think our blitz will work. They expected this from us and their short passing is working. We have a solid defense but we’re trash when it comes to screens
Defense holding... Ok not on us!
Defense had 10 in the box there. TEN!!!
"THAT IS OUR BREAD AND BUTTER

RUN THOSE LAST 2 PLAYS OVER AND OVER AGAIN"
I love getting under center! Need to do it 5-10 times a game. Better play action looks and possibility of QB sneaks
Gus Bus Let’s Go!!
Dumbass penalty on the offense? DRINK!
Delay of game for real?
MOTHERFUCKING FLAGS
Dumbass
Fucking delay of game? Really?
Damnit man
There's one of those downs that we waste every single game
Sigh...... a fucking delay of game? Wtf
Can’t have that happen
These are the little things that fuck us over we need to play less sloppy
Sloppy...
should've called timeout wtf
theres the penalty on us
PI
Hahahahahahaha
LOL
That was the dumbest penalty I’ve ever seen lol.
Lmao that was some of the worst PI I've seen all year
SOULJA
Underthrown but I’ll take the penalty
The Dragon special
That was dirty
Marquise with the clutch!!
That was dirty
Somebody blow a ref up.
the fuck was that lmao
Great tackling by the CB there
That was a bad throw
Lmao just let Hollywood open he ain’t gonna catch it
lamar looks gimpy out there :(
Target Stewart over and over. Hit their weak spot.
Lmao he just fell on him!
Yeah I'm definitely happy to see Jackson just take the escape route and go. He was always trying to make throws happen earlier in the season and I understand that but do the thing you're good at when it has to happen
Do we not run slants?
Lol nice hip toss dude
I miss when our red zone offense was a sure thing
"Lamar keep doing this man, if the receivers can’t get separation you beating these dudes"
Quise is giving this dude headaches already
Man how many times is LJ gonna slip in one drive lol
How is it possible to slip literally every time he runs
Wtf are these announcers doing?
"First time someone tackles Dobbins 1 on 1 and it’s some fucking DB, come on Dobby!"
LETS GOOOOO
Was Fluker benched already? Or did the ESPN graphic not realize it was Phillips
Nice run
I knew it was Lamar up the middle.  I knew it the whole time on that play
Everyone needs some big truss right now. Browns are finished
Vision was crazy
THATS OUR BOY
"**Lamar Jackson**

**Touchdown Ravens!!!** 🏈"
Yes! Good play!
touchdown!
What an answer! Time to step up D
Old school Canadian football history: in a field that was Frozen they put staples through the bottom of the cleats to give them better traction.
YouTube tv so behind
A Game of Whistles
GG EZ WE WINNING THIS GAME BOYS
We had our first drive and there is only 3 minutes left in the first. Talk about burning clock
Marlon is being vocal!!!
LB are a little lost  rn but the DL is NOT getting moved
YASSSS LAMAR 👏👏👏👏🙌🙌🙌
WTF MAN
Dumb
DAMN IT CHUCK
Clark just turn and it’s an easy pick
Thats a good call
Just can’t do that
"Same nonsense they just pulled, that was getting caught either way"
98 jumped
Dammit Bwill
ain't gonna count just watch
Oof
Great I love flags.
"That was such a needles penalty by Clark. He was literally stride for stride with him.

Why does it feel like CBs can't play defense anymore?"
Fucking soft
"Their boos give us strength 😈

Time to stunt on these hoes 🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️"
They just got 45 fucking yards for FREE this is some bullshit
"Bro terrible penalty, you had him covered just turn around and it's a pick"
That was soft ass shit.
Weak league for calling Clark and that roughing the passer
"ESPN sucks.
These announcers are terrible.
The graphics are terrible."
Ofc judon sacks on a free play
Weakest rtp I've seen all year
Uh?
Soft ass call
That is NOT roughing the passer in any world you blind old fuck
How is that roughing the passer
These refs are a joke
How tf is he supposed to sack him??  WTFFFF
Fuck Baker
Bullshit call
How the fuck is that roughing
Bs
Jesus Christ that's some shit
How??
That’s a good penalty any time you have a chance to blow up the quarterback you take it take the 15 yards and don’t apologize.
These refs man garbage every fucking week
GTFOH
Absolute bullshit call
Bruh what he supposed to do
Roughing the passer?!?!?
"If that is roughing the passer, refs should receive 10 lashes for each missed call after the game."
Bullshit
2020 ravens football right here
How in the Eff is that roughing the passer?
Dumb penalty for Chuck
Soft ass fucking call.
roughing the passer my ass. what the fuck was that call
We just moved the ball down the field for them
Judon 15 yard penalty ✅
Please no more flags
This league is so soft
Bitch ass call
WHAT IS THAT HORSESHIT
Nothing new from these cocksucker refs
Two bullshit calls back to back
Another forced fumble FUCKKKKK
Brutal call
Effin crap call
Offsides is correct but that is a weak ass personal foul call. What the hell.
LTE SSGOOOOOOOO
I’m so used to watching shitty refs at this points
Chuck Clark man... every week he’s getting taken advantage of in coverage
Well?!
How tf do we keep folding
Fruit Punch on one tonight... just need to get the ball back
Fruit punch anyone ?
MMMMMM NO
As a DB 😳
Wtf
WTFFFFF
God fucking dammit
They don’t know how to hold into the ball lmao
That wasn’t DPI
chubb just got his ass fisted in that pile lol
"Brah he ducked into that tackle, come on"
Defense inching closer to a turnover on every drive.
Just keep going after the ball
There’s fumble luck. And then there’s what the browns have tonight
Nice throw Baker
"YEAH BUDDY, FUMBLE RECOVERY"
WTF
LMAOOOOOO
No.
Wow. Gotta stop this
Just rotten luck on these forced fumbles so far
welp here we go. Refs win.
WHY CAN'T WE RECOVER A FUMBLE
Stop em plz
Dude this drive is horseshit all around
NO NO NO NO NO NO
Browns are and will always be some bitches.
All refs
Jimmy is a fucking idiot
fucking hell
Goddamn it
COME THE FUCK ON ARE YOU KIDDING ME
You've gotta be fucking kidding me
Lol
This is crazy
Our LBs are really undisciplined up hat shoulda been a catch
blah fart blah
he didn’t even have to do that wow
Wyy do that just rush toward the ball and pick 6 it
Soft
Said it last week this team is undisciplined with penalties
WTF
"If I’m a browns fan I’m pretty scared for whole game. Fumbled 3x and luckily kept possession.

And getting call after call, can’t last forever. I would think ravens get some makeup calls later"
Shocked that’s not interference
Not even done with the first quarter and the officiating is a an absolute disgrace. Where do they find these geriatric fucks ?
Holy shit I usually don’t think reffing is that bad as people think but this first quarter FUCK
They’re kicking the FG
Lmao suck it
Nice kick 🤣
Love it
HAAAAAAAAAA
Let's go!!
Lol
KICK IS NO GOOD
LFG Special TEAMS!
Classic browns
Shankapottamus
God fucking knew with that kick
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Letssss gooooo
Lol Browns
AS CODY PARKEY SHOULD
That worked out well
Lmaooo all that for nothing
LMFAO
"Ha, guess they should have gone for it."
There we go!
Go get this lead!
lol
Win or go home boys
Parkey Malarkey!
Alright who waved their hands to the left when he kicked?
Is fort playing? Haven't seen or heard his name yet
"That left upright just got MOSSED

#CMON MAN"
Why do we never run delayed screens it feels like?
"Personal foul, make Cleveland shank a kick, Defense No. 99. 15 yard penalty first down Cleveland."
Oh shit
Karma curved that ball
Our O Line sucks rn
Ran into our own players.   Smdh
well that was nothing
What the flag Jesus?
How is there never any open receivers?
Why aren't we running?
OL needs big investment this offseason.
HOLY FUCK
This was a hell of an ugly drive
Embarrassing response
Lol 2020 Ravens offense in a nutshell
Please for the love of god just keep running the ball
fake It
Why didn’t we run on first two downs smh
"We didn’t even been on the field for 1 min

Good lord"
"Fuck Greg Roman. Run the ball, you pussy."
What a waste of a possession
wow just wow
Big ole fuck you to the refs
RUN THE BALL
I want Penei Sewell sooo bad it physically hurts lol
Never understood running 2 yard routes
If lamar just looked to his left he was GONE on 2nd down he chose the wrong gap
I just got back from grabbing some late night grub. What have I missed?
Let’s totally abandon the run wth
We currently have NEGATIVE passing yards. That is embarrassing.
Shocking...
Bruh.
"Refs always been assholes, even to marion motley"
"Lamar needs to change his cleats, he’s the only one slipping."
All pro Marlo
Marlon is a beast.
"SOMEONE TWEET ROGER, HE NEEDS TO MAKE SOME CALLS TO PUT THE LAUNDRY AWAY"
Atta boy Marlo.
Baker sucks but if u keep giving him chances to score he eventually will
LET GO DEFENSE
Baker probably could have gotten it by running
Who's gonna have the better game throwing? Lamar or Baker?
"Ooooh, that was a lucky bounce"
Come on Lamar
Andrew’s has been non existent so far
[deleted]
Now our predictable offense is gonna open with a basic run play bc the 3 passes didn’t work
LETS GO BOYS! TAKE ALL MY ENERGY!
"Which team is the underdog here?

Edit: this isn’t sarcastic I’m wondering who is supposed to win?"
Proche went full Dark Helmet.
Just tuning in have the ravens looked decent or are they hanging in there? Any injuries?
If I have to hear that damn AT&T commercial again I’m gonna end it all
Hey a run
That's what I like
That’s a first down
10 yards let’s go 2-7
This is why Romans gotta go. He runs it only when he sucks ass at everything else
"Wow, running the ball worked?"
Gussss
Hey look what happens when u hand it off to JK
Really giving more air time to Myles Garret over Bozeman ??
keep feeding jk
Check out what happens when we run?
Let Dobby cook
Need to reinvest in the OL.
"Nice drive, nice drive..."
Running the ball on 1st is our bread and butter. No reason to do anything other than that until they stop it.
We need to feed Dobbins
that's what i like to see
Another slip during that run.
No one is ever open
Does Lamar have a completed pass yet
Good protection there
Really good blocking on that play
Seriously run it every down
Thank god we’re running the ball
"Draft - All O line, FA - All WRs & TEs"
Let's fucking go. Let's get him hot
our receivers are sad
DOBBINS
JKK
Keep. Running. Dobbins.
ATTABOY JK
Keep feeding JK damn it!
FEED MY MAN JK!!!
If it ain’t broke
JK is easily the best back on the team
Bro holy shit jk!!!
Amazing what happens when your run the god damn ball
Bulldozed that over the line. FEED. JK.
See JK run. Run JK Run
JK is literally Ray Rice 2.0.
Dobbins on a run. Greg Ro ready to pull him out
YES MORE RUNNING LET'S GO DOBBY
"GAHHH DAMN JK DOBBINS!!

AND OLINE"
Dobbins must be coated in butter
Dobbins is a fucking star
I swear to god if we stop feeding dobbins
Dobbins is so fucking amazing
Free him forever
wanna see mandrews get more involved
FREE DOBBINS
oh.
Every passing play.. crowded and congested routes.  Get this clown tf out.
10yd run...ok you’re out JK
JK IS YOUNGER THAN ME BUT HE'S MY DAD?!
Wtf is this turf and why aren’t the Browns slipping 🤔
Browns must've had the carpet cleaned or something
Someone is in bdubs subtlety wetting the field before all our drives
Hate to see anyone get injured but that definitely helps us sooooo 🤷‍♂️
Hit the not so funny bone.
Good catchhh
Damn garret only has 10 sacks? Impressive but I remember early season people saying he might break the record
Need for Snead!
SNEAD MY BOY
Snead IV
alright they gotta do something about this field soon
I'm really liking the playcalling on this drive rn
WTF with our cleats?
#FEED JK PLEASE 🙏🙏🙏
NEED FOR SNEAD
HES S O GOOD
RUN. THEM. OVER.
Keep running it!
Andrews time maybe?
Vintage Jackson
LAMAR!!!!
Where is Mark Andrews?
Dammit
Ravens need to get Progressive to play on this field.
Why is our offense lining up with 5 seconds left on the play clock every damn play?
GUS BUS ROLLING BABY
GUS BUSSSSSS
TOUCHDOWN BABY!!!!!!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FEED THE RUN GAME THE BALL!
TOUCHDOWN
FUCK YEA
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
GUS THE MFFF BUSSS
"Like, something has to be done about the passing game, yeah we’re great at running the ball, but there can’t be a single person in our FO (besides Roman) who thinks that’s acceptable."
GUS BUS 🚌🚌🚌
#YESSS GUS
T.         D
TD BABY!!!!!!! Lets go boys!!!
Who needs passing yards?!! Not us!!
that was a TD lol
THE WHEELS ON THE BUS GO FUCKING ROUND AND ROUND
WOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Gotta love when the timeout comes so late we already show our play, lol.

Next step of Lamar's development is not losing track of the clock and preventing the illegal procedure calls."
GUS BUS EDWARDS
HELL YEAH BUS!!!! BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Don’t throw the ball again run it down their throats
HONK HONK
glad they gave it
These boys came ready to play
How do I get on the fan cam
"Outside of that one drive, I like how we’re moving the ball against their defense"
Beast dive
FEED THE HOGS
smart play
No need to pass if you don’t need to! haters gonna hate on it but who cares
The fact that they almost got that pass is shameful.
Sometimes I wish we just played man only we play so much better man to man
A little behind y'all but Hump definitely should've had a pick there
wtf was elliot doing
DAMN IT
Lmao
#GOD DAMMIT
How tf does that happen?
I walked in the door from work after watching penalty Fest 2020 on the way home and the first thing I see is a 30 yard pass play from Baker shitheel. Nice
Where’s jimmy smit again?
Soft
Need new safeties!
"Honestly there are a lot of holes on this team that are being hidden when stars like Jackson, Andrews, and Humphrey are making game shifting plays"
Now that the game is tied again I feel pretty confident that our next drive will have more passes than runs and result in no points because that's the Roman special.
did y'all know you can brush and floss at the same time?
Elliott didnt start breaking on Chubb until chubb was like 5-10 yards past the LOS. that's fucking unacceptable.
Run the damn ball idiots
"This team has so many holes. Damn. OL, WR, S, OLB when Judon and or Yannick leave."
OMFG
Jesus fucking christ. Idk what to say
LMAO
shoot
Wtf are you doing Lamar
"Yep, cause when we need to respond we do that shit."
Change da cleats Llama
Let's score here and score out of the half cmon
Why we not running the ball? Worked so well
Wtf is going on with lamar's shoes
Get him some goddamn golf spikes
Why are we passing
That's depressing
Why did he not
Soft as fuck
Why tf did they run that
What’s our pass yardage again?
As he should be
I don't fucking understand this team. Seriously...
Same result every-time we start our drive with a pass
We did we run on 2nd and long. Show some damn aggression man
"It's the like the offense and defense alternate being good. They just can't seem to get it together back to back. 

Roman is just....sigh"
Tyre Phillips is getting destroyed on the right side
WHO RUNS ON SECOND AND THIRD AND LONG
I the that Justice Hill gets 3rd downs and hate more that Roman gives up on even trying.
Pick 6 coming
Tyre Phillips is getting worked over. We're really missing Stanley and Yanda this season
More sacks than pass attempts... i don't even know what to say. Roman needs to go.
"I don't think we've passed 5 times in this game, yet we scored 14 points already. Thank God we have Greg Roman."
Why the zone
Let's see what outlandish bullshit happens now to fuck us over.
Do we not have enough money invested in the defense to play man and win? Zone is so pussy.
We need to stop them here
"D please save us 

You’re our only hope"
Please find Jimmy Smith lol hes better than Peters
He could’ve dived for the pick
We need a FF returned for TD. Let's go D!
Bowser almost had that
team can't sack
LETS GOOOOOO
Elliot and Judon are the only players on defense that know how to tackle apparently
How can he slip when it’s such a well-manicured field? /s
Finally get pressure and we still let them complete a fucking pass
"How does yannick fuck that up, he had him point blank. How do our rushers always wiff. Yannick looked fine in Minnesota"
No fucking replay?!?!?
Make the goddamn tackle
I LOVE GOOD DEFENSIVE PLAYS
Stop them here and we will score I guarantee  it
Finally
good!
GROUNDING BABY
There we go
Feels like even when our pass rush gets there we whiff so much this season. Just blow by the QB from the simplest juke
"Wow, ravens have a chance at some points here. Stupid play by mayfield just take the hit."
We r making baker look like prime ben shrugging guys off smh
"*dials 1-800-Bravens* 

“Hey Greg Roman please. Yeah, can you run the damn ball? Thanks, bye”"
"We've been getting a lot of pressure more recently but damn their O Line was giving Baker a lot of time and clean pockets. 

What I would love to see us have that..."
Basically no crowd noise and this high ESPN production clips between plays is so jarring
Run the ball. I don’t even care that there’s a minute left.
Ayyyy new shoes
Why didn’t they fucking change his cleats!!!!
"Man there is time to run, wtf"
"Roman, I swear. Don't you fucking choke, you hack."
Gotta change from spikes to cleats cause this field
I HATE BOLLYWOOD BROWN
Soulja
cmon hollywood off your fucking hands
Marquise your killin me bruh
"Soulja, my a$$!"
This is pissing
Andrew's hasn't even been target?
So done with Browns bum ass
Soulja 🤣
they gave the man new cleats! lmao yes
We need a dk metcalf strong and fast receiver we’ve tried just the speedy receivers clearly strength is an element you need at receiver
Oh lmfao
Smh 😅
fuck
What a turd
Make up for it Hollywood
Oh god oh fuck Breshad Perriman
Lamar magic
"Lol playmakers make plays, man"
We must have the worst passing attack on the league. It’s so embarrassing.
🥜🥜🥜
WELCOME BAC
WOW
Marquise Brown never catches the ball (Never!!!)
the boys gone silly
MARK ANDREWSSSSSSSSS
Mandrews
Inb4 soulja
Takes fucking magic jesus
LAMARKABLE
2 drops....
Run on first and second wtf
Welcome back mark
Holy fuck howwwww
MY DAD
LAMAR THE MIRACLE MAN
CHOO CHOO
HOLY FUCKING SHIT MARRRRRKK
He sucks so much ass my god
Yall asked for him!
Andrew’s!!!!!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
Soulja can’t catch
Browns garbage
Everybody should change their cleats at half
YOOOOOOOO
Nice play Souljah
RUN IT HOLY SHIT
My god.
yes
MARK ANDREWSSSS
Oh lawd
WHAAAAAAT
Lamar.
Beautiful
What the fuck
Please catch a damn ball
Making things happen. Magician.
I love mandrews
YAY
Andrew’s!!
MANDREWS!
My fucking heart.
I love you lamar
Mark Andrews is a grown fucking man
My Mandrews!!! This team has a receiver!
Mark Andrews carries this team.
Holy shit yes!!
Mandrew holy shit!!!
JEEEEEEEEEEESUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSS
Hell yeah
Mandrewwwwwws
Chad Andrews Virgin loser Brown
What the fuck was that pass tho?
Wo9oooooooppp
LETS GO LAMAR
NEW TEAM NAME..... LAMAR JACKSON & THE OTHER GUYS
Fuck yesssss
Phew on Cleveland
YESSSSSSSSSIRRRRRRRRRRRRR
YESSSSSSS
WOOOOOOOOOOO
Oh man what a change in 2 plays!
Discharge this fucking soulja.
Brown what the fuck son
"God damn, what a throw."
Please don’t come back. Please
Holy shit lmao
Mvp
LETS FUCKING GO
That's what's up
30 second drill. Love it!
Do this again on the opening drive and we will win
YES MANDREWS! FUCK YOU BROWN
Frick yes
"That was a huge momentum shift there, wow"
"please dear sweet baby jesus, don't play soft defense."
Have the browns had the better game giving up like 10yds a carry? Stfu clown
God this team feels like it has last year’s momentum now. Completely different team.
Last year we got hot a few weeks early
Jesus Peters
Fuck throwing the ball to anyone however we can get it ill take it
Keep getting after Baker!!!
I hope we don’t do anything shady to draw a penalty like sacking Baker
Is pat queen out tonight?
Peter’s actually tackling tonight for a change lol
WINK BRINGING THE HEAT
Ouch
DAMN JIMMY
Chuck Clark 😂
Dude he hurled that thing.
Chuck Clark is going concussion protocol. mark my words.
Damnnn
Talk as much shit as you want about our passing offense it’s nice to see our staff finally recognizing its better for us to run on almost every given our “souljas” at receiver
"Chuck, how many fingers am I holding up?"
Let’s run into the goal post😆
Clark said “Bonk”
"Ouch, Clark"
That might be the most Baker Mayfield thing ever
No flag for illegal contact on the Offense SMH lol
What is with all these commercials with unwanted bodily fluid 😦
TO BE CONTINUED
and of course we come out throwing lol
New cleats let’s go!!!
Ravens and getting the ball in the second half. Name a better duo
Love him.
Soulja!!
Announcers low-key shredding Hollywood and I’m here for it
LAMARRRRRRR
He's a gazelle.
MY BABE
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
S O U L J A. S I G H T I N G
Wo9oooooooppp 44
"wait, he didnt fully avoid contact???????????????????"
GOAT
LAMMMMAAARRR 🐐
i fuckin love hollywood brown
He is so good
I love Lamar that’s my fucking qb
Frauds
"I hope we consulted SpongeBob's equipment manager at half time

https://imgur.com/0B1ihGF"
THATS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE!
W T F
Love it
FUCK YES!!!!!
We're double dipping tonight!
Hell Yes!!!
LETS GO ENGINE 35!!
GUS BUS
THE BUSSSS
YESSIIRRR
Lets goooo
HOT DAMN!!!!
2 EZ GG
COME ON
I shit a lot on Greg Roman but when it works it works 🤷‍♂️
keep doing that
laMarVP loves playing the Browns
Close em out D play some complementary ball for once
So far this is a rehash of the game last year in Cleveland. Let’s get the same result.
Let's go D...Punch em in the mouth
I love our QB so much.
I thought their new head coach was good 😂 these the same browns guys some thing just never change
Trickeration is incoming.
Let’s go D. Lots of time left
Stefanski has some really interesting eyebrows
Come on defense
LETS GO DEFENSE! YOUR TIME TO SHINE RIGHT HERE!!
Gus us more agile than I give him credit for.
Yannick get that sack!
I don't want to see Chub get anything. Baker works best when he has play action.
Let’s go defense!
Good play by Williams
We still can’t win any 1 on 1 pass rushing matchups
Damn. That was a nice catch by the Browns.
We have to keep him in the pocket man
Browns have been getting clutch catches all night
I truly haven’t seen chuck make a play in the passing game lately
That's was fucking tough
Hold them to a fg here please defense.  Offense balling... help them out
That's what happens when you play 10 yards off
I hate that marcus peters always gives so much room. Too many easy short catches.
Even the shitty ESPN guy called that one.
We can’t stop anything
Pathetic
Nice fucking catch
Fine. Respond back.
DAMN IT WE CANT LET THEM BACK INTO THIS
All this money being spent on defense and they consistently shit the bed against good offenses.
What is defense?
Let’s just burn some clock and get a score we’ll be fine
Trash
LOL PARKEY
Browns gonna browns
Lol Parkey
lol
Run defense been soft all game
JT be putting curses on opposing kickers I swear
Defense can’t do shit
Our defense man
They didn't re sod the fields. Get your shit together baker!
You gotta belee in MJ
Let’s stop throwing the house. It’s not working and baker still has time. Got to start playing smarter defence.
As bad as the big pass to Hunt was.  I just REALLY hated the play before it where we had one of our 1st team All pro DB's play 15 yards off a freaking running back to set up a 3rd and 1 where the Browns can feel comfortable taking a shot.
Where is Ray Rice?
We might need to put up 40ish
How is my stream a whole 3 minutes behind?
Boykin
Big Boi Boykin
They run okay was doomed from the start.
Why can nobody get open
CLUTCH THROW
Let’s go!
I <3 Mark Andrews
MANDRWS!!!!!!! 3rd and 7??? TOO EZ BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"I mean, it wasn’t even that great of a hit"
Lamar withr dime
Goddamnit I love you Mark Andrews
What a drive killer. Let's put it behind us
There it is.
"ah, a penalty to kill
the drive. weekly"
[deleted]
Nice pocket helps cure mechanics....
Damn they are stopping the run for now
Run it again
10+ yards.....run it.......greg roman
Fuck your flags Zebras
how do you false start as the center
Like the shot to keep them honest but would of preferred it on first down
Gotta start hitting those Lamar 🤦🏽‍♂️
Gotta make that throw
Nice floater. A little off
Ugh
Ughhhhhh
Pi
Fuck man.
Two overthrows
I like that we are going for it a bit more. Like to see it connect
sakra!
Damn. Well at least we pinned them back. Defense lets help our guy out with a stop here
This is going down to the wire ...
"If only we had a fast wr to go get those...


(just russeling some jimmies)"
Jimmy made of glass
Lamar has to hit that. If not rn then if we’re in playoffs.
I wouldn't trust UPS with those vaccines
Ayyyyyy
FUCK YOU MARIO!!!!
lol
BOWSER!!
But watch him drop it in the corner in the end zone. I don't understand.
Those were the first times Lamar has had open targets all night.
KING KOPPA
I can’t with y’all. Only reason we’re ahead is because of Lamar.
God I love bowser!
HOLY SHIT
Bowser!!!
Way to help your guy out DEFENSE!!! Let’s go!!!
Huge pick!!!
That is SO PERFECT!!!!!!
AHAHAHAHAH
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bowser
Bowser!!!!!
LETS FUCKING GO!!!!!
BAKER LMFAOOOOO
LMAOOO BAKER
BOWSER FUCK YEA
THERE WE GO BOYS
Lmao
picked!!!
#BOWSER YASSSS
I GASPED
Pay Tyus!
I think that's his 3rd pick of the season
Gods favor the ravens tonight 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Where is Ingram?
PAY DA MAN
Bowser the pass coverage monster!!
ERECT!!!
"Baker, right on cue."
Welp time to change my undies...
KING BOWSER!!!!!!!!! I TOLD YOU THE D CCOMING UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BOWSER WITH HIS 3RD INT IN 3 GAMES (I think)
Thats like 3 big plays iv seen Bowser make this year hes been killing it
#KOOPA
PAY TYUS BOWSER RIGHT NOW
That’s a pick 6!!
Omg
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
AHHHHHHHHHHH
Great fucking catch by Bowser
Bowser with those hands baby!!
BOOOOOOOOWWWWWSSSSEEEEEERRRRRR!!!!!!!!
Judon isn’t significantly better than bowser so paying him would be stupid
Browns will be browns
BOWSERR
Browns gonna brown
"Way to go, Bowser!"
How do I just know Bollywood is not catching that
Yes!
Bowser with another HUGE play! Love it.
Feeling dangerous!!
Clutch fucking play!!
Baker is ass
Pay that man
Browns D ain’t even try lmfaoo
Let’s gooo
You mofos were saying?
LMAO THERE IT IS
LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
I sit down on my couch for no more than 15 seconds and we get an interception. GIMME A HELL YEAH
DEFENSE DEFENSE DEFENSE
Lol levy u dumb fuck
That was so needed
That's a td
Let's go D. INT
LETS GOOO
Damnit if that was a pick 6 we coulda joked about baker throwing more TDs to ravens than Lamar tonight
"Football man. Crazy game, crazy swings."
too easy
God dammit
Ffs dude
Damn
Seriously dude??
Oof
GOAT fails... Fuck it... UP BY 2 SCORES!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO BABY
Bahhhh damnit
Browns are Browning
Damn
OL let Taylor get too much penetration that wasn’t on Tucker that looks like a standard XP kick.
Hod we score
Mayfield turning into commercial Mayfield. Who he really is. Fck that guy
Tyus needs to name his son Tyus so we get a Bowser Jr.
"Lord, Taylor is huge."
Missed extra point and the block even out
Omg
Are you fucking shitting me...
Tyus got them odell gloves lol
Defense gonna have to keep it up
Damn Tuck just blasted that into the end zone.
EXTEND BOWSER BABY
I didn’t see did Myles Garrett get back in the game?
"[Is it wrong that I'm jamming to this 
 while we stunt on these hoes?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QRGE7ctYskk) Funky ass music"
[deleted]
LOL Landry ran 15 yards to get a gain of 4
Gotta keep those hands down.
Bruh
Bruh that was dumb as hell
"Okay so Tyus bowser doesn't have the most ints for the ravens, but he is in fact tied with Marcus Peters at 3"
Come on d.
"Good stop again there D!

Edit: Never mind."
Stop them here score TD and game over
YESSIR
Damn Elliot come on man
C'mon elliott wtf
lets all breathe a sigh of relief that Harris didn't clothesline Baker and get a flag
Joker come on
Come on d
Cmon boys. 3rd down
These 4th and + bitches....
elliot bro...
How is it possible to miss tackles on a QB that often?
"Elliot man, gotta make that tackle coming off the blitz but it did slow him up."
This d can't be trusted
Come on...
Great job by Harris to just go there
Plssss don't score on this drive
That was a really good defensive play with a bad move from Cleveland
They couldnt sack Baker
$oft
And we win by a lot
We are ASS on 4th down this year
Nvm
Damn. Way too easy
Says something about you defense when the Browns keep going for it on 4th down.
That was awful
Hunh
Stupid .
That's such bullshit. Even more that we had four extra fucking players on the field
This trash ass defense gave up two third downs and a fourth down to baker mayfield.
"I mean, if they were going to let us have 15 on the field..."
when did peyton manning start a steak company
How do we continually put so many resources into our D and they still have no backbone
Lamar better be ok
Zebras have extra eyes on us  lol
I’m guessing Lamar is changing cleats again?
Have you always been about to challenge for a no called penalty or is that a new thing? Can you challenge for a holding that didn't get called? Or hands to the face?
Fuck
commercials killed rock music
Higgins soft as hell
2nd time that shits almost happened
"33 man, he’s not that bad!"
It’s okay Calais lol
Defense just one stop just one stop please
Big stop now yall
Goddamn it
Jesus christ how
Wtf
Wow
Great
Peters
Weakass shit.
Uhhhh we don’t have another CB to put in
Unreal. This defense always falters late in the game.
C’mon Marcus
We got this!!!!
Defense is atrocious
"Zreibec:  As Browns make this a one-score game, Ravens announce that QB Lamar Jackson is questionable to return with cramps."
Fucking come on
Pathetic d play and bullshit calls .... we could very easily still lose this game LOL fucking ridiculous
What the fuck happened how did he just stroll in there OMG I JUST SAW THE REPLAY MARCUS COME ON NOOOOOOO
"We miss a vet presence. I love Weddle for that. Kinda whaff towards the end,  it his leadership was awesome.

Weddle as of most recent. Obvs this goes way back regarding other players."
😑
And of course.
Christ
Are you fucking kidding me
YOU HAVE GOT TO BE FUCKING KIDDING ME
Lucky bullshit
Tip and grab TD.... This is like a Madden game....
BOTG: Defense
Of course man
Fuck man.
Talk about luck
Unbelievable
Of course
You can’t make this shit up
If Lamar is out we're done that's probably season over
We can’t catch a break.
Lamar questionable with bubbleguts
fucking shit
Offense can’t catch a fucking break with this atrocious defense.
>QB Lamar Jackson (cramps) is questionable to return.
Lamar is questionable to return according to Twitter
Jesus and Lamar isn’t coming back out yet. Fuck me.
I don't even.
That extra point would be nice to have
fuck
Lamar jackson taking a big dumb
Smdh what a bunch of bullshit
Did lamar need to take a shit?
Oh fuck
Fuck. Lamar is out
lmfaooo could this game go anymore wrong
This defense is a disgrace
What is happening
No excuse for the defense this time. Shitting the bed in the 2nd half
"McSorely is in.

We had a crazy season fan. Im kind of okay with putting it behind us."
Uh oh.
"""cramps"" hahah"
Lamar's out in the 4th quarter...fuuuuuck
"~~Cmon let's ice this fucking game~~

Oh fuck"
Fuckkkk
Just score ravens
Fade me
This is fucked
"Wtf, out for cramps??? Surely our MVP comes back after a series, right?"
Browns jumped!
DONT LET HIM THROW RUN THE BALL
Run it on a dime!
we better fucking run it now
THROW IT ON A DIME
95 jumped man
"God luck isn't on our side this year. Blown calls, injured players, covid, now Lamar's got the cramps"
This is so fucking stupid
"welp Dollar Store Lamar is in

were fucked lmao"
Lamar looking like LeBron with these cramps
bruh
Nahhh bro
Terrible drop
Run the ball
Why the fuck are we throwing the ball to Brown.  Why the fuck!!!!!!!  Guess we are just throwing this one away
Cut this fool
How can you be so bad
SOULJA
Way to help out the backup Hollywood
Fucking Hollywood
Fire this man please
Wow
Yeah Hollywood sucks
Dude
Cut Hollywood. What a piece of shit.
Bro...
Holy shit
This is it.
oh no
Thats it.
Cut this bum
Wtf
this year is cursed
Trade him for a 7th to the jets holy shit lol
Get him off the field.
Fuck Roman. Fuck brown.
"Defense gotta step up, offense put in work in this game and theyre gonna blow it"
Kill me
alright D lets go
Bro seriously what the fuck bollywood
oh my god
Fuck you cleveland
Man we’re about to lose this...
Marquise you’ve once again lost Hollywood privileges
Trash
Soulja dropping the pass. FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
Put him on fucking kick return
Is Lamar coming back?? 😳😳😳
Why. Can anyone tell me why we didnt start lamar that drive?
Is Speedhawk available on waivers
Bum
Inglewood Brown tonight =\
we cant get a single fucking stop
McPhee was held on that....even I saw it
Did I miss the word on Peters?
So. Is Lamar just taking a dump right now or...?
Brown will several drops tonight
His back could only carry so much
"I was away for a moment, why was Trace on the field??"
Come on man
Ruh roh lol
WHY IS HE THAT OPEN
Man we have been snakebitten this year by injuries covid and weakness exploiting
Jesus fuck please
We can’t tackle
Here we go again
Way to go guys! Keep carrying them over the 1st down line.
"no Tavon Young, no Jimmy Smith....Peters not healthy.....no Earl Thomas.

i never would have thought the secondary would be a liability in July."
This season is sickening honestly
Fuck man we need a negative play
always a first down after 2 plays wtf??????
lol
We have no CB depth. These guys are practically off the street I guess.
the same play to the same guy every fucking time
Fucking slit my throat please holy fucking shit just fucking kill me
What is going on man
33 getting picked on :(
Jesus christ please
Harris needs to just get off the field
"Lmao, we all know what’s coming. I’m just numb at this point"
You have got to be fucking kidding. What are we watching
Baker will throw an INT here watch
Those are throws we don’t make and catch
Give this mother fucking Harris some help and can we actually see some pass rush?
1 score puts us behind with a backup QB in. Nice.
Cool.....and we are gonna let them score. Fuck 2020
"Getting fucked by a Chubb, awesome"
elliot playing soft af. not the only person but im going to die on this hill
Madibuke only guy stepping up!!!
They are eating us up....
Just tank at this point for fucks sake
We need to get rid of brown choose him over aj brown and do metkalf wtf yo
3rd and goal
Hold to field goal let’s go
"
Red, red wine, stay close to me
Don't let me be alone
It's tearing apart my blue heart"
brown can go suck it if we lose ffs
HOW DO WE LET MAYFIELDS SLOW ASS SCORE? HOW?
Pathetic
Jesus man
Wow just fucking wow
OMG this defense is terrible
Is lamar back
Unreal....
Soft. Soft. Soft.
This can't be real right now
My wholesome award was about to run out so take it for this thread
Defense needs to wake the fuck up now or this game is over
This team does not want to work for anything they expect to go in and win and are surprised when the other team actually plays.
This team is just so frustrating.  I'm numb to it.  I just assume we will go nowhere this year.  Snake bit doesn't even begin to describe the multitude of things that keep going wrong for us at all the worst times.  Hollywood can't catch and defense is soft in the 4th quarter.  What else is new?
Throw it on a dime ....
We need a field goal. Time to show the fuck up
Please
"Half a quarter in a one score game, and some of you jokers are saying the game is over. Shit. That’s just football."
Omg
BRUH PLEASE say sik
"We are done, cooked."
Uh oh
Hate my life
Man not like this......
Welp
Running qb with the cramps....yikes
We're fucked
Why are we throwing on 1st down?
What's up with lamar?
Fucking throwing with McSorley lmao. What a fucking joke.
"They’re fired up. We’re playing like shit. I just *hope* if we lose, that we’ll fix some shit. This is just like steelers christmas day, just like the bengals 4th and 12"
Lol of course now we completely abandon the run
Sad
lets go mcsorley!!
McSorely Miracle?
LOL GREG YOU USELESS BASTARD NICE CALLS
Why aren’t we running it with our backup QB and six minutes?
"OMG 

NOOOO not 7"
Why are we throwing.
Run the ball yo
Pain.
LET GUS RUN THE BALL HOLY SHIITTTTTTT IS IT THAT COMPLICATED?!?!?!?! IM A HIGH ?!?!?!
See? all you guys demanding we run run run - you can't do that for 4 whole quarters. Even the worst D will stop the run after 3 qtrs.
We’re down by one god damn point run the ball
What was that playcall
“nonono guys when I said run the ball because Trace is on the field I meant run it a different way!!!!”
Defense is fucking pathetic. Peters and queen dogshit all year and marlon not too hot either besides his fumbles. We need some real players
Why is brown still on the field?
There we go.
Why have we ran the orbit motion WHEN WE HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING WITH IT ALL YEAR
"Well, there's our fucking season"
If Ravens and Browns both end up 10-6 then what happen?
"Welp brutal game again, fuck man"
Good shit Willie way to hold on
GREAT FUCKING JOB ROMAN. We have to throw the ball. Quit running the clock and making a backup throw on 3rd down you absolute DONUT. He needs confidence or we will lose
I LOVE SNEAD
"*chuckles*
im in danger"
What a catch
sigh
McSorley doing his job on third downs at least!
Buddy threw it on a dime eh
Let's go boys stay positive
thank fucking god
i can't believe this shit
Why is Mcsorley in? Missed a bunch of the game
Toilet McSwirley is suckin right now
Snead has the best hands on the team
THROW IT ON A DIME
"Holy shit, Mcsorely yes"
"Offense should never be expected to score more than 34, defense has had some questionable games"
Please Lamar. Please get the fuck out there
That was fucking huge
NOW IS NOT THE TIME TO FUCK UP
Give Snead a got damn max contract
Jesus
Snead and Andrews are the only Soulja’s on this team
Holy fuck Bozeman.
Great play call to hit Snead
Now run the fucking ball pls
Gj Bose
OUR BALL! LETS FUCKING PUSH IT!!!!
We don't win this without a turnover
That what's up
Snead is the best fucking receiver in the league
4 mins to go.
Did they really just try and say trace is better than lamar
Time for Dobbins to carry it
The real reason Bozeman is our man of the year nominee
At least a fg please
RUN THE FUCKING ROCK!
Run the clock down
Hot damn receivers *can* catch!
My WR1!
Runn rum run
Holy fuck that was close
Keep running!!!
offense needs to slow down a bit
The absolute only way they win this game is if they run out the clock on a field goal.
Just fucking pound
LFG BOYS
"Psh that was an intentional ground-lateral, Dobbins out here playing 7D chess for three extra yards."
My heart
Run run run
let's go let's go just like this
Great play calls on this drive
Huuuuge 3rd down. Please.
RUN THE BALL PLEASE GREG DONT STOP
Guys I’m scared
well were running it finally
"Get a field goal and with little time left, hope the Browns cant score again."
God damn now I've got nervous cramps
They are damn lucky lamars not out there
McSorley looks confident out there
Only shot is to run the clock down and get the FG
Fg and shit ton of time off.
"As horrible as this 4th quarter is, they have a chance to redeem themselves on the leg of Tucker."
Great fucking run Gus
Please jesus. Please. The browns need to lose
Picard...bb no we need you pls don't be injured
Throw it on a dime.....
yeah fuck this
what the fuck kinda play call was that
Mcsorley completes 1 pass which he was bailed out and Riddick is psyched outta his mind about his accuracy lmao.
Run again
Oh my fucking god
Bro what is going on
Fuck you Greg Roman
Roman wtf are you doing???
Keep running!! Please
We have no QB LOL
Oh my god.
Of course he is hurt
nice one Gus
Why do we even need to pass the ball when we have the Gus Bus and Dobbins???
In tucker we trust
of course he'd slip and fall.
And that's game.
oh my god
What the fuck
What a fucking deal man.
Bring in Koch
Fade me
Bad read Trace u gotta keep that one
There ya go TikTok fucks. Theres your boy.
FUCK!
This fucking field man
Fuck me
Yo what the fuck is this.
"Bro... Jesus fucking Christ. You cannot make this shit up, now Tucker has to kick a god damn fucking banger."
Koch szn
Lol
ARE YOU FUCKIN SERIOUS
Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck
Lamar
LLAMMMAAA
Is that broken? Holy fick
Of course lol.. what the fuck
🙏 hope he’s good
Omg
We have to go for it
This is a fucking nightmare
What fucking play call was that?
Fucking daniel jonesd it
"Been playing the Trace Mcsorely song since he’s went in and he’s doing GREAT

Just saying

Edit: I paused it to make this comment. Now he’s hurt. Im so sorry"
Fuck 2020
AutomaTuck time
figures
oh no.....what do we even do
My heart can't take this shit.
LJ
Yt dude can’t do anything that Lamar can do
"you got TP hanging lamar, u might wanna grab that before u head on the fielf"
COACH ARE WE GOING FOR IT?
Why???
Injuries...good lord I can't take it anymore.
I just belched
He lost a shit ton of yards on that play. If we just got 0 I would feel a lot better here
Lamar coming back on the field lol! Oh shit
Please!
Greg Roman has shit for brains
NFL SOLD
Here comes superman
They wanna go for two i say we go for GAME
What a roller coaster ride of a game
Tucker wins this
Holy shit help
Come on please
Come on Lamar 😢
Probably tore his MCL
They are going for it?!?!
I’m so nervous rn
LJ is back!!!
I know we're all excited for Lamar right now. But I just want to back up and talk about that stupid ass play call. What in the actual fuck was that shit.
oMG
LAMARRRR
Ok but seriously the browns need to be held accountable for the state of their field. The nfl is all about player safety and how many players have been injured due to it tonight?
Holy shit yesssss omfg l
HOLY SHIT LMAOOOO
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
PH MY GOOOOOD
why are we even running the option with this shit field and trace out there
HOLY FUCK WHAT JUST HAPPENED
Greg decides for a option play instead of running it up the middle lol
HOLLYWOOD
TOUCHDOWN
scored too quick tbh
SOULJA
I don't know what to feel anymore
AHHHHH
WHAHHHHHAATTTYTTTTTT
What fucking hero!
"Holy f, Marquise!"
HOLY SHIT!!!!
LETS GOOOOO
Aaaaaaaaaa
What the fuck is happening in this game lol
HAHAHAHAHALMAOOOCJDNCNWJJCHHABAHAHAHABA
AHHHHH
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
MAN LETS GO
Hollywood never did anything wrong ever
BAH GAWD
WAY too much time. Baker can score 14.
LETS FUCKING GO
Holy fucking shit
HOORAY FOR HOLLYWOOD
MVP BACK
Lmfaoooooo
Aaaaaaaa
Finally he caught it.
#HOLY FUCK HHOOOLLLLLYWOODDDDDD
NOOOOOO SHOTTTTTTT
Welcome to Ravens football.
Holy shit. ;-)
I HATE BROWN HE SUCKS UNTIL HE DOES ONE COOL THING A GAME
LAMAR MY KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOR
Ooooooooooooooohhhhhh
LMAOO WHAT A FUCKIN GAME!!!
LETS fucking GOOOO
MARQUISE BROWNNNN WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
OMGJAHAHANSGZU S
I’m crying. I’m crying
"Poor RGIII. He almost had a rep, too!"
No fucking way
LAMRVOLDHDOE
OMG
God this game isn’t good for my heart
A FUCKING SOLDIERS
HOLY ...... MY HEART
HOLLYWOOD THANK YOU
get in
What the duck is this year.
Wtf is this game. Nfl is scripted
LETS GOOOO
I've always believed in Hollywood Brown.
Oh lort
STEELL FUCKING CHAIR
LaMaR cAnT tHrOw
Hahahaha I can’t
"Well that’s amazing, but our d can’t stop shit so"
YOU ARE NOW HOLLYWOOD AGAIN
PLEASE DEFENSE
Okay Hollywood you can be a soulja again.
Redeemed again
Good Lord he is actually jesus. Thank you our savior #8
LAMAR IS THE FUXKING HMGOAT
"Lamar ""Lamar Jackson"" Jackson"
What is this game????
lol i'll be damned. fucking marquise
This game just needs three rings and a guy with a top hat and long coat to complete the circus!!
This is a simulation
Some of the weirdest shit I’ve ever seen
HAHAHAHAHAHAHS HOLY SHIF
BRO!!!!!
Yesssssssssssss
I thought for sure he was dropping that
Soulja sighted
LAMAR SAVES THE SEASON
Fucking legendary drive
Wtf is this game
HOLY SHIT
What in the actual fuck is this game
oOMG
Omfg Lamar just fucking went full Thanos on their ass
This is some movie shit
What did I miss
Time for defense to choke
Brown trying to get BROWNie points! Should we forgive him fellas?
Thats why all you fucking idiots aren't football coaches let's fucking good HOLLYWOOD brown
I TAKE IT BACK HOLLYWOOD I TAKE BACK EVERYTHING I SAID TONIGHT
Omg that was so wwwe I’m in fucking tears that was beautiful you couldn’t scripted anything better
Well damn
In tucker we truss
LAMAR HOLLYWOOD REDEMPTION
LAMAR JACKSON YOURE MY HERO!!!!!!!
SOULJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Holy fuck!!!!!
HOLY. FUCK.
It’s just amazing to me that they trust Hollywood to make a play but holy shit he did it
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoD
Wow
NEED 2. GET IT
Touchdoooown
Defense still gotta do something
Too much time left on clock
"Fucking Bollywood Brown, how about that"
This fucking game hahahahahahahahah
YOU CAN'T  DO THAT!!!!!!!
I HATE HIM A LITTLE LESS
#SOULLLLLLJAAAAAAAA
MVP
Lol
Fuckkkkk yessss
Yessss
And I knew it was going to be Dobbins!
HOLY SHITTTTT
JK 😂😂😂
Good lawd
YESSIR
I feel the same way after I take my shit in the morning.
"Bailed the defense out again, they better hold"
"I’d rather he have gone down, ran it three times then kicked a fg"
"honestly, please no OT."
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS GAME JKJJSJDJDJFNRJJDJDKDKKCKCKFKKRKRKFKFK
damn
"I know we just scored, but I wished we would have gone down on the 1 yard line to run it out"
are you fucking kiddddddding me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I didn't see that coming
How the fuck do you trust him to pull off that catch!!!!!!
Hollywood redemption!
This changes nothing hollywood
Fuck all the doom and gloom fucks hahahah
SILENCE IN THE STANDS
BIG TRUSSSSSSSSS
IM SITTING ON MY PORCH YELLING!!!!
Gutty. Gutty.
Holy fucking fucky fuck I love this team!
Hollywood!
Trucking mother fuckers
That pick for Hollywood now a 1st
Guys. I’m hype. But don’t let brown fool you!!
"This is my fucking football team

Never give up"
"Wow, I don't know what else to say"
I’m numb
And now it’s up to the NFLs worst defense
"Yes yes yes yes yes yes.

Fucking stop these fuckers now."
"If the defence ever wanted to redeem themselves tonight, it starts now."
Instant Classic.
Hey diddle diddle anyone??
Seriously. What.
Oh man my body isn’t ready for this
OKAY. NOBODY THROW ANY SHOES.
Why are these announced only discussing the failed defender?
Lot of time left tho
Hollywood should have fell down inside the 5 at least
Pls def 1 stop thats it
DEFENSE PLEASE
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
This game is ridiculous lmao
Yall killing me man lol my word
Defense just needs to hold on!
Dez Bryant funny af
"A lot of time they have 3 timeouts, and our defense..."
On the plus side the 1 play he makes a gane is usually a wide open td
I was holding my breath while the ball was in the air. I couldn’t take another Lee Evans moment.
This defense absolutely has to make a stand. They've given it up way too often in situations like these.
This is like Easter and our saviour has risen!
DEFENSE!!! PLZ
I bet Lamar still got that post-covid symptoms. Been there. They suck.
Now we need a stop.
"OMG we have to rely on defense to stop the Browns

Look at this score - no defense!"
MVP
Jesus defense. Already
Of course
Now back to that soft D
Game of the year?
Oh dear
MVP
Imagine if Marquise Brown had dropped that TD pass........
im a titans fan but what the fuck im rooting for u now that was incredible
"Goddamn guys you have to get a stop, fuck"
MVP
"Jesus come on defense. We need a play, make it happen"
"Browns gonna go for the TD and 2-pointer to win.

Sadly I have zero faith in this defense, lol."
This Defense reeks
33 is getting cooked
Just throwing at 33 every play lmao
Get 33 some help!!!
Manifesting a pick
Wishful thinking.
Secondary is the goat of this game win or lose
Oh right I got excited for a minute and forgot our defense is a joke.
another injury...
big truss. let's fucking go!!!!
going to need a tipped ball. my confidence is zero
They're just targeting 33
33 is gonna blow this
Same Koch about to come in at CB
the D can’t lose this
Can this defense please finally step up?
Defense isn’t getting pressure so this is exactly what we should expect
Ugh where's Averrett
Here we go with the terrible clock management.
Worst comes to worst OT but it wont happen
Please defense we need you right here
Cut harris. Hes been exposed all night
I thought this Harris guy was good?
Come on defense
Game's not over plenty of ways to lose
Need a TO. I don’t think we stop them without a TO.
Fuck these circus catches are killing us tonight. If lady fortune could help us out at all that'd be great...
He is not out of bounds bro what the fuck. Run the fuckin clock
Can our d stop sucking ass for 1 drive dude
What is this defense
We r going to let them march right in arent we?
D hasn't stopped a single play in a quarter and half
I can’t watch
Fuck
JESUS FUCK COME ON
How TF they just keep marching down the damn field
i swear to everything
The cops probably have been called because I have been screaming so loud! Come on guys!!!!
"WAKE UP D. 

WAKE. UP."
Shitty D
OH MH GOD FUCJ YOU
What a fucking absolute joke
We got this. We got this. We got this.
Of fucking course
Yo what the fuck
absolute shit secondary.
"Defence, wake up"
This is a fuckin joke
Holy shit this defense sucks
Fuck
What the fuck was that?!
Goddamit
Wow so bad lol
Actually I wanted that
Well. They’re clearly scoring and going for 2
It’s Parkey time
Fuck this bullshit
LOL
Baker's a MONSTER.
i hate this defense
Might as well have no defense
And even Humphrey had a bad play in coverage.
Wack ass defense
Offense struggles to get back in this and the D let’s the Browns run down the field
Absolutely pathetic defense
"welp, good thing we have the best kicker in history"
Actually pathetic
Worst defense ever
This gonna be a td isn't it
FUCK
When the fuck will coaches learn to not play fucking prevent defense
They can tie it up or they can go for two but I just trust Jackson to get us to at least where Tucker can kick it
Fire Wink
still hate elliot
Pls miss the pat
FUCKING SOFT CHEESE BULLSHIT
We gotta go down the line and get a fg
"I’m so done with this fucking defense, holy shit we are bad"
Watch them go for two and ducking get it?
I feel it's gonna be a fake FG attempt
Somehow miss ols
Browns didn't even need a fucking TO. Terrible Defense
I have no emotions left
Let’s drive for a game winning FG here!
So why did we waste a timeout?
My God this defense kills me
in llama we trust
God please help them here
I love Lamar
"Well, I trust offense more than defense right now"
spike it
Tucker come on man
I’m standing up
TUCKER TIME
Why leave 7 seconds instead of like 3 seconds
Trussssssss pls
I’m gonna hurl
Shoulda waited another couple seconds fuck alright lets go
"My heart has never beat so fast, maybe the mile high miracle and that's it."
Well folks this has been one hell of a game!
Cmon JT
OMG PLEASE TUCK
If you were gonna put this game in anyone’s hands...
Justin please
Hold me
Pls GOAT
I GOT MY TUCK JERSEY ON COME ON
55 is far as shit
Oh boy here we go
Ticker for the win
I enjoy not being a fan of either team
dickhead holding onto andrews there fuck off bud
Please Tucker...
slow ass refs wont move
55!
YYEEEEESSSS
NO WAY
WUCKEEEEERRRRRRRR
OMG
Fuck yesssss
Wow
LETS GO BOYS!!!!!
YES
Tuckkkkk
Big truss!
I love this team
In tucker we trust!!!!
Yesssszssssss
Holy fuck yesssss
Tucker POTG
Never had a doubt
LETS GOOOOOOO
GOAT
Why did they keep their TO
Let’s gooooooi
Yessss!!!!
The GOAT!!!
JUSTIN TUCKER
CONGRATS
Boooooommmm!!  He is the man!!
MY LORD AND SAVIOR
IN TUCKER WE TRUSSSSSSSSSSSS
just filthy that man
#THAT’S WHY HE’S THE FUCKING GOAT
LETS GOOOOOI
THATS JUSTIN TUCKER BABY
TUCK GOD!!!!
YEAHHHH
My fucking heart man
Cramp champs
i can sleep peacefully tn :)
Holy shitttt wowwww
Still fucking got it!
Amazing.
We fucking won!!!!!!!!! Boys we are still alive. This win was on Lamar. We owe it to him. We were absolutely fucked. Suck it Browns
DO NOT FUCK UP THE 2 SECONDS. PLEASE
Okay let's go Tucker
#I LOVE YOU JUSTIN TUCKER!!!!!!!!!
TUCK YEA
"Its not over, still a kick return"
Let’s get the FUCK OUT OF CLEVELAND BOYS
Justin Tucker is like having a cheat code: WIN ANY CLOSE GAME
GOAT
Cry Mayfield
goatee tucker is op
I can't watch
Great game.
Fuck me Tuck
"In a game like this, it isn't over yet"
WOOO TUCKER
LETS GOOO
Justin Tucker is a god!
i knew we could do it ... (narrator) he didn’t know.
Wowza
Ohhhhh what a fucking game
money!!!!
STOP THE KICKOFF AND ITS DONE
money man tucker
GOOD GOD I SHAT MYSLEF
Love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THAT’S WHAT THE FUCK IM TALKIN A ABOUT
HOLY SHIT
Holy fuck boys
Kick it out of the end zone or squib it or what?
That's a win baby.
Gone are the days of the Browns blowouts I guess
Fuuuuck baker is going to go for the hail mary
I have nothing else to do but cry
Goat.
Let's goooooo
#DONT GO TO THE BROWNS SUB
Lamar.
8-5!
LETS GOOOOOOO
"WHAT A FUCKING GAME, LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO"
This might actually be the most entertaining game in history
I'm shaking so much!!!!!
Cmon defense - I think you got this last stop!!
Hold the phone though. They’re going to throw a Hail Mary
"Take it back, Romo. Tucker > anyone ever"
I would have liked to see the kick in bounds.
"Guys there's still 2 seconds, don't celebrate just yet, I'm still nervous as fuck"
this fucking game!! TUCKER!!
JUSTIN FUCKING TUCKER
FUCKING GOAT!!
Never mention that red kickers name ever again.
TUCK DADDY
Lol wtf
OH MY GOD
Need to get Andrews involved like that earlier in the game
Wtf was that
Honestly I took a Xanax 10 minutes ago. This game fucked be up
BRUH.
Lmao who tf tackled our own guy
Great game!
LFGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Game of the year
🧹🧹🧹
"safety , holy fuck"
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Lmaooooo amazing
Absolutely a huge W baby!!!
"Fuck man, what a wild game"
Lmfaooo Ravens with the back door cover.
Clutch Scorigami at the end right there
FOOTBALL BINGO!
Lets fucking go
WHAT A FUCKING GAME
Let’s gooooooooooo
WOOOOOOOOOO
Now it’s over :)
How am I ever gonna sleep now.
Woo lost some yrs on this 1
This is a fever dream
And the Ravens cover!
What a good fucking game. Gg Browns
wooooooooooooooo!!!!
wow just wow
"Yo idk is this has been said but damn, just realized the browns have had 15 different starting quarterbacks since colt mccoy was a brown lol"
All Martindale does is blitz like a retard even tho it never works
We’re losing winks defense has been figured out for weeks now the Steelers just fucking suck on offense
[deleted]
Feels like if we don’t score here the game already over. I know I’m overreacting but this game feels over
"Lol, that Hunt catch was OOB."
[deleted]
Wow Peters once again blows the big play
Marcus peters is so shjtty. He gets beat for 10 catches a game then once every 4 or 5 games he gets a pick and acts like he's a beast. Smh.
35-34
Game is effectively over fucking lucky shitstains
6:29 and no hope. GTFO Fake ass fans!
"Y'all can blame Hollywood Brown but this defense is garbage. Blame the wide receiver? How can wide receiver get in a groove, when you don't pass"
Shit tackling already
Classic Marcus peters giving 5 yards of separation. Dude sucks on coverage
We got this chill yall
i think that's called back tbh
fire the equipment manager
"We winning and I’m loving it, but we aren’t winning anything in the stat book😂 our offense has been hit and miss quite literally. It’s not good long term. Try it against the chiefs. You guys know what I mean"
Defense is mad overrated.
Peters really needs to make something happen cuz he’s looking rough...
"Hope we draft a safety sometime soon, pretty clear Clark and Elliott aren’t the answer."
I love Keanu but man he isn’t a good actor
We’re gonna lose.
Lamar gonna throw an incompletion I guarantee it.
We just can’t ever catch a damn break
Smfh. Franchise QBs make that throw.
Worst screen defending team. Ever since that KC game
Peters has to make a play on that ball
There was our chance
Secondary is full of 🤡🤡🤡
LMFAO can we get a stop?
What a pathetic start by the defense
Their offensive gameplan is clear. Our D can adjust.
Lol D is fucking sleep.
Nick Chubb scares me
Theoretically our defense is better than there’s so we should just March right down the field here
"""did we just drive a few hundred miles after leaving our Australian shepherd at a road stop without noticing?""


""YUP!"""
I have never seen a team slip so much as these ravens the last 3 games
JK dobbins guaranteed 5 yards? Let’s go with a flea flicker
That was a bad PI. Brown is so lost
Does anybody know who this new tight end is? His name is Eric tomlinson but I've never seen him before.
That looked incidental to me
"This sub cracks me up lol 

We’re up: fuck yea! Let’s goooooo

We’re down: we are ass"
I hate judon but thats a shit call
"This team is shooting itself in the foot.

Jimmy Smith was there. Why even hook the guy? You knew the fucking route!"
The officiating is bad both ways. This ref Vitovich (sp) is always terrible.
Yo can y'all slow down I can't upvote browns flame as fast as it's coming in
Lamars quarterback skills are getting progressively worse.
We meant to eff you guys again but you did it yourself
"Lamar had an open crossing route underneath for a solid 7 to make it 4th and 3. Instead he eats the sack.

This shit is bad coaching and Gregt roman consistently wastes a down trying a dumb fucking play to ""keep them on their toes"".

We seriously do not deserve playoffs. I don't even want to fucking hear about it. We need better coaches and better depth and role players."
"Lamars gotta get better at sliding, don’t like him going down like that"
Why aren’t the browns slipping.
Wow a Browns player injured. Wouldn't wish injury on anyone unlike some fans in the other thread wishing for Lamar to be injured.
"Trash field.

&#x200B;

Hope Garrett is ok on some real shit. :/"
Secondary gone second
Clark and Elliott both looking iffy
Fuck this field
this fucking field
y'all might be mad but running the ball was probably the right call. Good time management on a play that was doomed from the start
We’re lucky Cleveland is a poorly coached team
Brown drops two passes smh
The offense is straight cancer
"Fucking trade hollywood, jesus christ. What a useless piece of shit."
That drive was a rollercoaster but a touchdown is a touchdown
Petition. I don’t think we should refer to him as Hollywood. He hasn’t earned it.
 Wait.. how come we don't have the social justice slogans on the back of our helmets?
Clark rofl idiot
Baker low key has a cannon
"I really feel like our practice squad rejuvenated this team, got healthy at the right time, and exposed the Fraud Steelers 👐🏽"
Bad throw.
This announcer is roasting Brown lol
One more td and hays in barn I called the TD to end the end half and then called us scoring on in the first drive give me mad up upvotes
Ffs can the defense make a stop i want a blowout
Harbs making up for that indy challenge
"Man I feel so bad for kickers this year lol, what the fuck is going on"
Harbaugh should have challenged that catch.
we need a bigger WR to make that play
FUCK
Ew
Ughhh
Dammit Lamar
FUUUUUUUUCK so close
Ahhhh throws are off shit
Lamar come on man
https://twitter.com/tgazepis/status/1338687581769379841?s=21
Maaaannnn could you imagine lamar throwing to an elite receiver?! This offense would look incredible!
We need those Lamar but were good defense needs to step up
Lamar has been overthrowing all god damn year man
"Lamar slowly getting his accuracy back.

It was horrendous last week, but not terrible tonight"
fuck me
Oh FUCK ME
Baker Manziel
Lucky no call. Humph plays physical but he does get away with some shit
ANOTHER third down failure. Jesus Christ
Jarvis Landry is a cunt lord
After KC burnt Peters he's been sagging off like crazy.
They'll challenge a 5 yard penalty but we can't challenge a 30 yard catch. C'mon man
WHAT
"Probably isn't even hurt, just had to pretend he is so he won't be shit on for giving up completely on the play"
Harbaugh straight getting outcoached
We’re fucked.
If Lamar doesn’t come back we don’t deserve to win lmao what the hell?? CRAMPS BRO?!?!
A baby have been borned and became old enough to vote and serve in the military in the time it took the Browns to make another playoffs appearance.
Koch came to play
"Elliott, Brown, and Peters should stop playing football"
Peters and Smith are questionable to return
This defense is so bad lmao
I WANT TO DIE
Harris is fucking trash and I’m sick of jimmy smith always having nagging injuries the guy can’t play a fucking game
This guy really playing over Averette?
just picking on 33...
Just let them score at this point. This is pathetic.
Let’s go defense
I guess Lamar is the one leading the Browns to the super bowl
This is where I turn it off. I’d rather wake up to a surprise win than watch them fold.
Where’s the ruthless aggression??? Where’s the killer instinct. Someone get Ray in the locker room!!
"This is the team you get when you only draft fast runners. You get a QB with a floppy arm and WRs who have no hands.

But they sure can run fast."
I actually thought we could win.... I forgot about our sorry ass defense
"Honestly, if I'm Bischotti I tell Harbaugh to lose the bum ass coordinators and make a deep run next year or you're gone"
"Take your fucking time, Lamar."
I hope Lamar clogs their toilet.
Game over
When you think things can’t get dumber.
"Serious: what do you think happened to Lamar? was he injured during a play?

&#x200B;

edit: nevermind"
Put hollywood at qb
SOLJIA do what SOLJIAs do
Harris has to go
Why is Jimmy Smith not in over 33?
44 quit on that play
They are gonna convert the 2 point when they inevitably score.
Hollywood should’ve went down on goal line
"cut the whole defense, start over"
So if we win this then can we put to rest those “Lamar isn’t clutch” comments
Imagine if this field wasn't dog shit.
THE GOAT
TAKE THAT ROMO
Fuck LeBron Fuck the browns..all the luck and still couldn't win
Running the ball on 2nd and 21 and 3rd and 19 is some losing ass pathetic football and tells you all you need to know about the what the coaching staffs feeling on Lamar. And honestly I agree with them.
Coaching needs to fucking bench themselves. Fucking garbage.
Lamar is still learning. We never throw deep balls like that and y’all were complaining.
I HATE BEING ALIVE FUCKING KILL THE SHIT OUT OF ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW
this aint a playoff team
[removed]
Im going to get downvoted for this but if Lamar doesn’t improve his accuracy then he’s not a franchise Qb
"I’m not saying we are gonna lose but if we do, Harbaugh needs to be on the hot seat. It would prove that we really can’t win when it matters"
"Zero pressure, another embarrassing third down failure. God, this defense."
Damn. I feel for Hollywood.
[deleted]
"I was called out last game for saying we should shop Peters for a bad take, and being an idiot. I know I'm right that he is a liability."
Don't tell me our play offs hopes are gonna get crushed by fucking Trace McSorley
Elliott is cheeks
We all knew this team were bums
Marcus Peters is honestly trash
Peters is just bad.
 Toilet McSwirley just tore his ACL
Lamar proving he can’t throw again
[deleted]
Why do we keep protecting Harbaugh? we've blown ao many games under him..Hell we almost blew the super bowl
"I hate to say it but this game would have been killshotted if Lamar had made any one of those two dogshit passes he threw last drive.

I don't care who you are. MVP QB or not. Coaches need to lay into you if you can't hit open people in stride from a completely clean pocket. College QBs can do that. This is the stuff the haters can point to, rightfully."
I’m sorry but Lamar leaving for cramps in a game that practically decides our season might be the softest thing I’ve ever seen.
Defense is so shit
Jesus Christ that was sad. Didn’t even put up a fight
This is lookin like a slaughter
1 pass....... this is what worries me
This team is disgusting
"Deep breathes Lamar. You got this. If there’s anyone,
It’s you"
"Hey Ravens, great series. Way to answer the call.   
Finally we see Lamar get frustrated! Play with that chip!"
Is yalls O-line really that bad at pass blocking? Or does Lamar do too much?
lmao how do you miss that PI? good break on that at least
These fucking guys are trying so hard to get these free plays with the 12 men on the field penalty. Fucking dirty no-skill way to keep the ball. Fuck the Browns.
Oh shit Lamar got cramps
Yeah that's season over
Eagles fan checking in. How much would it take to trade for Brown?
This defense is a group of soft bitches. Straight up.
"season's done.

blame of the season: Covid-19"
The difference is Lamar doesn’t throw the ball at the wall because he’s humble
Incoming Trace McSorley big dick game winning drive to win the game in Cleveland fuck you Browns
Why the fuck is lamar hiding in the locker room
LeMickey
[deleted]
"Yannick was a waste, I don't think we re sign him. There is a reason the vikings let's him go just like that."
Peters is fucking worthless
Peters is absolute shit. All season has been dog shit. Get him off the field.
"Fire wink. All this talent for him to
Just shit it away"
please get chuck clark OUT OF THE GAME
[deleted]
Lamar soft af IDC about some cramps. This game has PLAYOFF implications.
[removed]
"Is Chuck Clark literally... an idiot? I'm sorry but only this team would knock its own starter out against a goal post, man. C'mon."
We still acting like none of this shit is on Lamar? Dudes looked off AGAIN so far.
"This game Highlights the difference between talented players with AWFUL coordinators and decent players with AMAZING coordinators. 
Yes, I’d rather have every Cleveland coach over every Ravens coach"
"The fact that Harbaugh did not tell Lamar to suck it up after the first Trace drive, with the season on the line, is a fucking FIREABLE OFFENSE and you can’t change my mind"
[deleted]
Fuck every fan that said have faith. You’re fake. We’re the real fans that pointed out how bad Romans offense was all year. We pointed out how winks blitzing gets abused all year. But we’re fake fans cause we are smart enough to realize how weak this team is
Oh no are the ravens gonna get meme’d by the browns
Ngl Travolta makes a great Santa
As a steelers fan should I root for you guys so we have a better shot at the division or the browns so your playoff chances lessen... I think I'm leaning to root for you all
Finally an injured player that isn’t a Raven
Guys the refs made them wear those shors
"#OMG

That sideline judge was calling 'run the clock' and turned to the Browns sideline and then changed to 'stop the clock'"
"15 people on the field is a fucking embarrassment when we get bounced in the first round (and we will), we need a coaching staff who will hold players accountable."
"all you negative nancy's, STOP. 

We are still winning and can win."
Queen sucks
Why was Marlo paid again?
Lamar looking like a rb lately
This is one the sloppiest ravens teams I’ve ever seen
Pretty sad to see how toxic our fan base has become
"Snead you gotta run through the ball man


Saw the replay, I thought Snead slowed up at first. Bad pass"
[deleted]
Harbaugh out fraud exposed
Great start defense
Trash defense
Fruit punch
Hot knife through butter
Owning Chubb in fantasy while being a Ravens fan summed up: [https://frinkiac.com/meme/S13E08/688563.jpg?b64lines=SSdtIGhhcHB5CiBhbmQgYW5ncnkh](https://frinkiac.com/meme/S13E08/688563.jpg?b64lines=SSdtIGhhcHB5CiBhbmQgYW5ncnkh)
Does anyone know if Ingram still gets snaps? I have him on my fantasy and I need literally like 5 points to take a lead.
Never mind
"Just remember, Ohio is one of the worst places for Covid right now. A lot of fans in that stadium are giving up their health to watch this game. Browns will still Brown"
Horrible fucking throw
This trash ass field. Everyone slipping!
Ah Judon is back this week
Woah a whole play without a Browns penalty!
No.
Shows you how shitty our defense is that they’re going for it on 4th&4
"He did hook him hard enough for him to fall, I don’t think that was a bad call honestly"
That was pass interference. The shit about it is jimmy didnt even need to touch the guy he would’ve had a pick if he just broke on the ball smdh.
LMFAOOOOO
If we pass on first down I'm going to flip
ugh why give edwards the ball
Checks out
Yea it’s his shoes. OK
thats game
Chuck Clark in coverage has become a liability
Snead needs to catch that. That’s a pretty good ball.
"I don't want to see anyone calling that a bad pass.

If that was a actual big WR that's a TD"
Ugh bad
He missed that
Lamar with the middle school misses
I don't like it. I don't like it. This is how we always choke. One side is stifled followed by the other side shitting the bed.
Wtf smh
Marlo gonna force a fumble I feel it comin
Peters is such a fucking bitch
Harris looks clueless out there
Lamar is just going to bed this game is in the bag lol
Et picks thay
[deleted]
Lol wow
Well that’s game
That song aint so funny now lol
WHY IS he throwing the ball????????????
FUCK BROWN!!!!!!!!!! You punk bum ass mf!!!!!
What was that play calling?? Give it to the RBs.
Baker is embarrassing.
God damn it Harris you’re killing the team
Pls hold to 3
Gold to 3
Gg boys and girls
#This game is over
"I dont known why I am surprised
This team has done the same thing every game all year. We got no talent a WR, Lamar lobs everything, we never addressed our run defense and our o line has been sketchy all season.
Its hard to blame this on the defense when our offense has had 2 3 and outs the last couple drives. Just poor game management and missed opportunities galore"
gg
[deleted]
10:20PM what a waste of time this game was
"you need to remember we’re playing the browns, a team who history fucks anything up that goes their way. relax"
5head play fumble for more yards
Where’s Lamar??????
Sam Koch time!
Let Tucker kick it from 70 at this point
not drinking makes it easier to not care as much about football
62 yard FG from here.
too bad there’s too much time left in the game ... what a great play by Lamar
I told yall win it on this play and he did
I’ll give Baker credit he looks pretty good rn
Defense is gonna choke this
Miss it you pleb
Y’all trash asses lost and got saved!
Think if Lamar were clutch too
lmao
Marcus Peters is not good and Deshon Elliot over top is a terrible combination
These Greg Roman comments are exhausting. His running scheme is the only reason we're in this game.
[deleted]
"maybe throw some fucking passes now, Lamar?"
Harbaugh is incompetent in challenges
We say the wideouts are never open. They were wide open. That’s a game losing miss. Goddammit.
Time to blow it up. This team has too many holes and as great as Lamar is at making plays he can't throw anymore. We need wholesale changes
[removed]
[deleted]
Deshon has been a disappointment..love the guy but this experiment should be over with at the end of the season
We blow games all the time and never catch up..someone tell me why we shouldn't move on from Harbaugh?
Game over
Lamar really is a runningback lol
"Ravens fans just bitch and bitch and bitch about refs, it’s ruined this season for me.  Stop it.  Nobody is out to get us."
Another dude running off late. This is harbaughs last year he’s out of touch. He’s not an x/o’s coach so you have to wonder what the fuck he’s actually doing if he’s not trying to figure out the technical issues with this team. Fucking embarrassment
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Harbaugh needs to be gone. He can’t get professional football players to tackle or hustle. This is a mockery of our legacy.
Pathetic defense
Y’all refused to accept our issues this year
NICE CATCH
"Ravens offense can only play one way, the moment you gotta change its not happening."
WE IN THE THE PLAYOFFS BOYS GOOD WIN TOO FUCKING EZZ
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Lamar doing lamar shit= win lamar trying to be """"qb""""= losr"
Devantae Harris fucking sucks lol
Pathetic defense. Commit the penalty and can't even get the stop with it.
OBJ 🥰
BalTIPmore? I apologise that was definitely a reach.
"This team is just a bunch of chumps. Again, no heart or grit. We need some real players with it"
Mcsorey fuckinf sucks
Plz don't let lamar in this game
I'll say it again. Worst defense in the league. It's turnover or bust
I know we like to hate him on this sub but Baker is legitimately pretty good
[removed]
"Does Lamar just absolutely blow as a passer or is it me? Aside from running the option, I hold my breath and pray that he’s not mangled every play. At this point I’d bet he doesn’t  make it 5 full seasons at this point."
Harbaugh is never going to win another Super Bowl
Lamar = choker
[removed]
"I've said all year, our defense is one of the worst and is inflated by faulty numbers. We can bully lesser teams but this defense would even lose to a well coached college team."
"Harris is trash, fucking commits a penalty every time"
tired of watching this team choke again and again
"I've been saying it all year, elliot is a fucking idiot and should not be relied on"
[removed]
Baker Mayfield is a top 3 QB for the future (not today). Dont @ me
Lamar cramping? Must be his vag hurting.
Our d is horrible. Outside of 44 they can all kick rocks
"Clark needed a new challenge so he tried to tackle the post, don’t believe any other narratives"
"Let me guess. Another edwards goal line carry.. why do they hate Dobbins

haha reverse jinxed it"
visitor here... but how long do cramps last?
Hope browns fans are happy with the woman beater on their team. Classy organization.
Wink Martindale is so bad
[removed]
[removed]
It's so tiring hearing Ravens fans bitch about Roman. It's in our DNA to hate OCs.
Hey make like the Raiders and fire your defensive coordinator
"Damn, Baker is COOKING this game. That was a beautiful pass, receiver should have caught it before the lucky catch by the 2nd guy."
We’re all still better people than any browns fans.
"Greetings from /browns 

someone tell Lamar to take his roller skates off, this is a football game"
"Can we just cut Peter's? Dude cant tackle, he constantly plays 8 yards off the receiver, hasn't had an interception since like week 2. Honestly he is not worth that extension we gave him.

Edit lol yall downvoted me but look at that fucking play"
We suck
Team needs a clear out in the FO. Harbs gotta be on Hot seat if we lose this
Whole coaching staff needs to be fired and we need a new QB. That is the reality.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"We need a new HC, OC, and QB. This shit is embarrassing. Downvote me idgaf you gotta be delusional to think this shit is going to get any better with 3 weeks left."
Here’s where they tie it.
"Honestly I don’t want to see the listed players back next year: peters, brown, queen, Boykin, Ingram, skura, Roman."
Why does it matter no way this team and specifically QB can keep up with Mahomes
Honestly feels like a loss. *Really* hope I’m wrong.
[deleted]
But but but the refs hate us!
[removed]
HAHAHAHAHAH
"Calais is starting to look like a big waste of money that dude collects a big check to sit out a lot

Edit: read the update wrong, still have PTSD from the Titans. I take it back Calais 😭"
That’s a quarterback.
bruh wtf give dobbins a chance to score. edwards is a fucking bum
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Bro get that weak shit outta here ITS GAME DAY
"it's definitely still possible if we lose tonight and end up 10-6, but we need  good bit of help in that case

Much better if we win tonight. let's focus all our good vibes on that ;)"
How many of these posts do we need?
"Yes, hope Miami, Colts, and Raiders lost more gsmes than us. It looks like we only have tie break over the Colts"
[removed]
Mosley? Funny thought he got traded 🤣
[deleted]
Buddy I have to work in the morning
Lamar stunts on hoes - CHUG
[removed]
[removed]
I think he’s been recognized and properly rated as soon as he went off a few weeks ago.
[removed]
"Well Marcus Peters got the fuck grabbed out of his facemask, but apparently that doesn't matter..."
It’s a good thing the first couple minutes don’t determine the entire game!
Not a good start for sure.
""
"Shit city, shit fans, shit field"
"Knowing how desperate the browns are, they probably made the field slippery on purpose to slow Jackson down ."
The jerseys are literal shit brown
"Whoops, that was Lamar."
"Looks like your equipment manager sucks, but keep looking for excuses!"
Ravens getting lucky. Chubb gonna run all yall over. Mark my words
[removed]
Hollywood baited the PI call and got a holding so he’s doing good.
Brown was pretty open and very underthrown
Brown had a whole ass house call and Lamar under threw him. Which made him slow up to draw that PI
[deleted]
Howd that work out for them?
Karma’s a bitch and hopefully it works its magic.
"Yeah thats not okay. I don't think many Browns fans are cool with this kind of stuff.

EDIT: Lol who downvoted me for saying its wrong to wish for injuries. Stay classy, Ravens fans."
[removed]
Complete bullshit… He put his face mask right and bakers chest
Who is this ref? #52 is brutal.
They didn’t call it because baker was hit.  They were trying to say helmet to helmet which was bs
"I thought this call was horrific. Then, I saw the call on Jimmy. Worse PI call I have ever seen"
[removed]
[removed]
Bro for real. Can’t tackle baker or it’s a flag. Can’t guard receivers or it’s a flag
lmfao for sure
Why does this happen ever fucking week?
"What's worse is trying to listen to these announcers justify it. 

Refs suck so far"
Tons of missed holding calls on several of the blitzes against mayfield. Their RT was getting away with it
[removed]
They want that browns narrative because these calls have been fucking bullshit.
#52 is a fucking idiot.
NFL wants Baker in the playoffs... it’s completely blatant in the game already
"Jimmy Smith did accidentally put hands on the receiver before the ball got there. Unfortunately, cause really it should've been a pic"
They are coddling them like newborns
Hitting the QB is roughing the passer.
""
Whoever makes the animations on MNF needs a raise.
[removed]
"Cody ""Billy Cundiff"" Parkey"
""
Captain Falcon
[removed]
Illegal streams work better. In my experience
Crackstreams is 10/10
Try restarting your phone
get an apple iphone
[deleted]
Clock only stops in OBs within the last 4 minutes of each half
"[Anytime a player in possession of the ball goes out of bounds the play clock stops. According to the NFL Rule Book, the clock is re-started once the officials spot the ball at the appropriate yard line on the field except during the last two minutes of the first half or the last five minutes of the fourth quarter. ](https://www.sportsrec.com/nfl-clock-stoppage-rules-6699511.html)"
You want 20 seconds back that nothing happened in...
""
Lamar's biggest opponent right now are his fucking shoes.
"Refs in shambles rn

""We tried..but, the Browns.."""
Fuck this officiating crew.. fucking bums
No joke
Oh but don’t you just love tuning into a game to watch your favorite ref make clutch plays?
"You know, while the first half was an abomination, they actually chilled out a lot in the second half."
Gotta say the refs came to play tonight. They didnt make it ez thats for sure
"If you crop the bottom of the picture, Lamar becomes about 8 feet tall"
"""We bout to get 10 flags on this, right?""

&#x200B;

Llama."
He looks like Mew or Goku going super saiyan here. Floating above the haters.
[removed]
This
"I can't fucking stand Roman.  We have them right where we want them, what the fuck was that play calling?"
[removed]
"Greg Roman- "" Did you say 3 straight pass plays?"""
"They should hire op as new OC.  

RUN THE BALL!!!!"
[removed]
I appreciate your sacrifice
Not all heroes wear caps
Your sacrifice will not go in vain.
[removed]
"Yea....I think we are past Cam Cameron status at this point. 

Need a new OC"
We're were going 3 and out so hopefully that gets the illegal formation penalty out of the way. Now all we have left is an illegal shift.
[removed]
