text
[deleted]
"I think you might be the only one thinking about the Titans right now, bud."
I think you mean Tyre Phillips
[deleted]
"lol even judon knows he didn’t deserve it as much

https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1341173039006965764?s=21"
I’m happy Orlando Brown made it. He’s filled for Stanley extremely well (much better than I anticipated) which unfortunately means he’ll probably be gone once his contract runs up.
Who did Campbell and Judon pay to get in?
As long as Justin Tucker is a Pro Bowler I’m good
"Some of those (Judon, Campbell) are reputation nods, but I'm hyped as fuck for our boy Cox!"
How is Board not in when he [led all special teams players in votes](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/khmh37/chris_board_leads_pro_bowl_voting_for_special/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)?
There is one imposter remaining
"The Ravens have a FB starting for each conference, again.  We are a FB factory: Gash, McClain, Neal, Leach, Juice & Ricard"
"How does Lamar not make it with 11th best qbr and 12 in rushing yards, but Judon does with 5 sacks. Smh, our offence is 6th in ppg purely due to Lamar"
EASY MONEY
Im shocked watson made it. I knew allen and mahomes were locks I wouldve thought either lamar or baker would get the 3rd slot
Judon made the probowl wtf😂😂😂
Kinda feeling like Bowser deserved it more then Judon this year.
Judon? wth
"Really surprised to see all the Watson haters... his team is terrible, but he's been phenomenal since the Tennessee game."
Jets GM salivating
"Glad Tucker didn’t get snubbed for some flavor of the week, flash in the pan like Sanders again. Already 2 Pro Bowls short of where he should be with the Bospoorly and Myers years."
Watson over Lamar is criminal
"Queen got robbed.

Why the hell is Judon here??"
"Honestly, switch Judon with Andrews, and I'm satisfied"
[Last Year :(](https://static.clubs.nfl.com/image/private/t_editorial_landscape_8_desktop_mobile/f_auto/ravens/zg9nwxvfn2hvqfzgitql.jpg)
Glad we don't lose a 6th rounder for 91 PB.
I’m hella salty that Lamar didn’t get in but with everything that we’ve been threw we haven’t had a chance to shine like last year so it explains why at least
Watson is great but hes getting all his stats while losing. Also his best wr was using peds so none of Fullers tds or yards should count. Lamar was robbed.
""
Who is the AFC punter? Got big shoes to fill replacing Koch in the Wolfpack.
Judon being quoted saying he was surprised he made the Pro Bowl is pretty much all of us rn.
Kinda shocked Board didn't get in he lead everyone in voting on special teams
Ayyyy!!
""
How the fuck did judon make it
I am so happy Cox made it.  Man deserves it for all his hard work.
"I’ll be perfectly honest, kind of shocked that Judon made it in. Wonder if it’s a down year for OLB’s in general."
lol Judon
"Nice, upvoted"
Matt Judon made the pro bowl?! Lmfao he’s gonna use that to try to get big money. We better not pay him
Lamar been whoopin teams asses lately
Thats gonna cost some bad GM millions lol
"""How tf Judon get in?"" -Matthew Judon"
"Tyus Bowser definitely deserves it much more, but if that makes it us easier for us to affordably re-sign him then I'm cool with King Koopa getting snubbed"
Lamar is so hated it’s unreal. My friends were talking about top 5 qbs this week and I said Lamar and they went off it was so funny
"It’s surprising for sure, but I’m super happy for him. He’s been a solid Raven. 

Judon will get over paid and we’ll get a third for him. Re-sign Bowser and Yannick as our starters and draft a guy in the first 3 rounds."
[deleted]
"
“I appreciate you for trusting me.” 💜

@Jkdobbins22 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1341164525136056321/pu/pl/L6hrNE9VbRo92naf.m3u8?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
I hope Harbaugh stays our coach for the next 20 years
Harbaugh’s model for leadership is something I think we can all learn from.
I LOVE Dobbins dude
This is so unbelievably wholesome
"💜💜💜 

***

posted by [@Jkdobbins22](https://twitter.com/Jkdobbins22)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Dobbins is going to be my next jersey, for sure."
[deleted]
I knew the Pro Bowl was a joke before. But the fact that Judon made it thusis year is absolutely hilarious. Dude is going to steal money wherever he goes. (Please not us)
Hes alao been in the league a lot longer
Rigged
""
Ya but at the rate he kicks he'll be around for another 20 years 🤗🤗🤗
Wonder if he's being punished for no-showing Sunday's game
\#PuntersArePeopleToo
i love sam koch all my homies love sam koch
[deleted]
"He’s great but didn’t deserve it. 

Kelce - 98 catches, 1,318 yards, 10 tds 

Waller - 93, 967, 8

Andrews - 48, 597, 7"
"Hes great but we dont have the passing style offense to push his stats to pro bowl numbers this year. 

Personally, I will always like him more than the kelce. But he doesnt have pro bowl numbers."
Browns fan here to say. Hate playing against Andrews and I think he’s one of the top 5 in the league. But having said that this year he just doesn’t have numbers for it with the year Kelsey and Waller are having
Waller is balling.  Josh Allen is balling. Deshaun has damn good states too.  Neither lamar nor andrews were shafted especially considering when voting was done
"Covid really put a damper on his touches between them having to run a hybrid offense and then without Lamar and then he was also out, it stacks up"
Campbell made it? Lol. He’s hardly played. Pro bowl is a joke
He’s not a top 2 tight end in the AFC this year
Still fun seeing all the wheels fall off their wagon though lol.
They look like hot buttered garbage ben has been exposed
"I feel the first game we beat ourselves and the second one, covid beat us. Steelers just lucky."
[deleted]
Haha juju just got cracked
Is there any playoff implications if Bengals cause an upset tonight?
Boo boo just got blowed up
I got it
U love to see it don’t ya
Steelers win 11 straight when we want them to lose. Now that we need them to win they’re about to go on a 5 game losing bender. FML
"They aren’t looking good. LOL, worst possible scenario since we need them to beat colts or browns."
Can't believe we couldn't even take one against these guys. That covid outbreak screwed us hard.
ben is fucking ass now
"Shhh. Any given Sunday (or Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday... etc.)"
Somethings up with them. I knew they wasn't 11-0 good. But they just look bad.
I thought the XFL went under?
[deleted]
The only appropriate way to address the Western PA Mountain People lol
""
I'm pretty sure they're not playing it this year anyway.
""
little bitch got popped
Absolutely. He keeps that stupid dancing shit he can expect more of those hits
That made my night
PooPoo Smith Schuster
17-0 Bengals. EVERYBODY GET IN HERE.
That's what JuJu get for dancing on the Bengals shield. So disrespectful.
"Steelers have looked like the most mediocre 11 win team I've ever seen. To think this team was 11-0 lol. Ben's looked mediocre and let's be honest...if we took care of business in our first game...they never go that long without an L. 

However, if the Bengals can hold on then that helps us a lot because then they'll be pressed to beat the Colts next week because they won't want to go on a 3-game losing streak."
Has JuJu fumbled the game away yet?
Love to see it
""
Maybe if JuJu spent less time dancing and more time warming up he wouldn’t have butterfingers every year.
Christmas has come early!! I love watching the Steelers implode
We can’t count on this team to beat the Colts or Browns. Going to need help from the Raiders or Bills.
Juju got lit tf up
FumbleFumble Smith Whooster does more fumbling.
TAKE IT TO THOSE PISS-COLORED BITCHES RYAN FINLEY
The Steelers might just lose out to try to make us miss the playoffs. We need that Dolphins loss.
"If the Bengals lose, buffalo will not be locked into a specific seed week 17."
What do we need more? Steelers to win and right themselves for Colts / Browns? Or lose and wake up in order to fight off the Browns for the division?
Former Raven Josh Bynes having a good game!
""
""
"
Safe to say the Bengals were not happy with Juju Smith-Schuster doing tik toks on their logo 😶 \#CINvsPIT 

***

posted by [@CoverZeroIG](https://twitter.com/CoverZeroIG)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1341201235999899649/pu/vid/656x416/PKyy4DZCXO_4-zaU.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
its about goddamn time
Can the Steelers even beat the browns atp??😂
Unfortunately the Steelers are trash now and may not win another game this season. Law of averages because they were absurdly lucky all season.
IT WAS BEAUTIFUL LOL
I have been hoping for this
"Looks like Indy has a very good chance at beating them, hope they pull out a vintage beat down against Cleveland though"
"I still can't believe we lost to this sorry ass team. I really hope we get in at 6, and the Steelers are 3. A fully healthy Ravens with Lamar taking care of the ball, will beat the brakes off Pittsburgh"
"This is actually a best case scenario:

* Steelers lose (fuck em)
* Bengals draft pick (and odds of getting Sewell) gets worse
* AFC title now in jeopardy for Steelers next week against Colts
* If both Browns and Colts win next week, AFC title still in jeopard against the Browns Week 17

Basically it means they won't be resting players week 17 if we need a win from them"
"The Steelers have a history of playing down to their competition and then lighting up a top tier team the next week

But also like, guck them"
"Big Ben just looks s wrong out there.  That big body seems to be breaking down, and his throws have no zip.  Like Peytons last year.



Down 10-0 to the Bengals, who have some no name in at QB.  Just shocking."
"always root for the dolphins to lose or titans to lose twice

dont root for this sorry ass team unless we absolutely have to"
What happens if the Steelers lose tonight? What's the Ravens play-off scenario?
"Better just root for Oakland.

Though Colts did get taken down to the wire against the Texans. So who the fuck knows what’s going to happen next week. Ravens just need to not have a let down against the Giants."
I think that both of our fan bases can agree that the squealers are fakes. Propped up by a really good defense that carried them early. And now that injuries have taken a toll on that defense that bad offense is really starting to show. Still think they’ll win this game though
Steelers really tryna tank their last 3 games to keep us outta the playoffs...what a bunch of assholes.
"With the Steelers losing to the Bengals, that Colts/Steelers game becomes a win/win for the Ravens. Steelers lose, they still have to play their starters in an all out battle for the division in Week 17. They win, Ravens move back into a playoff spot, provided they beat the Giants"
""
Also Diontae Johnson and Chase Claypool.
"\*fewer  


sorry man"
Fuck the Steelers
"A lot of that simply has to do with the Steelers offensive gameplan.

“Dink and dunk for 3 to 5 yards a play”. Which results in a lot of receptions with shorter yards per catch .

That also allows for Ben to preserve his body"
That actually is a fun fact.
I posted this same exact thing an hour after you and didn't even realize it. My bad 😬
"If you account for volume, juju's YPT this year is historically bad. 

I don't think that's happening because juju became terrible all of a sudden. Big Ben + their OC are limiting his game big time."
"> Lord Stannis just had an aneurysm.

Nice fun fact though. Juju isn't bad and he's just having fun, but there are certain things you don't do."
""
Your caption is questionable but I love this video
Fucking refs blowing plays up early. Boils my blood
GETTEM BOIS
""
"Nah, this might hurt our Playoff stock but fuck this is hilarious"
Worst 11-0 team in history. We tried to tell them LMAO
I can love it tonight
Steeler players are being dirty idiots today.  Sadly cincy will blow this in the second half
Nah this is good let them lose gives buffalo and them motivation to win out
A loss would open up the Bills not resting their starters the final week as they could possibly get a higher seed thus giving the dolphins a loss to get us in
I'm loving it. We don't need a steelers win tonight so I am all for them getting embarrassed
-2 passing yards 😂😂😂😂
Maybe this is the embarrassment they need to play better over the next two weeks when the ravens actually need a win from them
This felt like a get right game for them and they are just floundering completely.
I remember you was conflicted
eLeVeN-aNd-Oh
I’m just enjoying juju getting what he deserves
"Do we actually need them to beat one of these teams for a better seed? Or do we control our own fate by winning out? Because I honest to god, cannot see them beating any of those teams the way Ben is playing."
Can't we get in if Miami loses? So Steelers can lose out and we still get in?
[deleted]
"The Steeelers didn't beat us twice this season.

The Ravens beat themselves while playing the Steelers."
"If Lamar wasn’t having a turnover party we run away with that game. Steelers have looked fraudulent all year, not sure why these commentators are acting shocked."
Good news is he wants to play another year. Please do
They are so bad it’s not even funny🤦🏾‍♂️
Ben sucks
I hope the Bengals keep this going.
"No, refs beat us with the Steelers help."
""
lmao
"I don't understand tiktok and I don't understand why this person made this video but I will tell you that both me and my three year old daughter absolutely loved this post, albeit in pretty different ways"
Got his shit ROCKED
[deleted]
Steelers fan here and I’d give you gold if I had it to give. Don’t like his antics
[deleted]
CoRveTtE cOrvEtTe
Really surprised a team hasn't waited out there to bust his ass pregame yet.
Holy shit I’m dying
"I never realized how many white girls who can’t dance were out there until I briefly downloaded TikTok. 

Deleted the app. Never looked back."
fuck him and his silly name
u/savevideo
"Honestly, they are so shit. If they lose tonight, there is no way they beat the Colts or the Browns. Then we will have to rely on the Raiders or Bills to beat Miami, but the Raiders are giant chokers and Bill's might have the #2 seed locked up by that point and rest players week 17. Damn it really sucks we couldnt get one win against this scrub team."
A Steelers loss would open up the Bills not resting their starters the final week as they could possibly get a higher seed thus giving the dolphins a loss to get us in
can y'all stop being so doom and gloom and enjoy this train wreck my lord
Ravens should have played previous games better. Can't blame other teams for our short comings
Relax. One week at a time. This embarrassment might get the steelers playing harder when we need them to in the next two weeks
"Does anyone not realize if the Steelers lose out then they simply flip with the browns?

Personally I’m eyeing up the Dolphins or Colts spot."
We win that game without covid that's why this season has * no matter what
"I am both, ""Ha ha ha, fuck the Steelers!"" and ""We got to play the Bengals in week 17."""
"The Bengals don’t look too good, the Steelers just look that bad"
"The Bengals aren't complete pushovers, but the Steelers are playing like bums. We will beat either of them."
" ""We got to play the Bengals in week 17."" 

look at how bad Ben is moving the ball"
We fucked them up and down with their number one pick qb. There’s no reason we lose that game.
"BIG BEN IS WASHED

STEELERS SUCK

EASIEST SCHEDULE IN THE LEAGUE"
Just another friendly reminder if you go into their sub and get reported by their mods back to us. We will ban you and you can appeal to them. This is an agreement between all the team subs.
"I'm loving this as much as every other ravens fan, but we need them to win one of the next two weeks, and this isn't making me confident."
Fuck Steve Saunders man we would have crushed this team with healthy starters and wouldn't need any help to get into the playoffs
ahahahhahaha
They have a rapist at QB.
So conflicted rn between enjoying this embarrassment of a first half by the Squealers & still wanting them to show some sign of life so I can feel a bit of confidence that they can beat the Colts or Browns... 🥴
We need them to stop sucking and starting fucking other teams playoff hopes for us to get in
"""How did we lose to this team""

Turnovers is one helluva drug and COVID is one helluva disease. That's why."
"This was posted in the Steelers sub before they barely beat our practice squad. Seems appropriate to break it out now.


Ravens have gone from pre-season darling and reigning MVP to a fractured, flailing, useless mess.

Their bulldozing offensive line has been neutered by injury.  Their fearsome running game has none of its major pieces except the QB.  And that QB has now very clearly been figured out leaguewide (with the blueprint, naturally, having been produced and showcased by the Steelers), and lacks the tools to overcome the challenges NFL defenses have learned to set for him.  And what's worse: that was true when he still had supporting talent and protection in front of him -- which, again, he no longer does.

Their defense is still a relative strength, which is cute for them when it's not the second best defense in the game by a significant margin.  But alas...

I don't see this team, in its current incarnation, as a true rival moving forward.  The gimmick offense has run its course, and until they're ready to blow up the gameplan, the roster, and the coaching staff beneath Harbaugh, they'll be contending for the 20th pick in the draft, year-in, year-out."
"Well they didn’t play the chiefs but holy shit we have to hope this team beats the colts? My god it’s trash.

Silver lining is now bills will try to win out for 2nd seed and if they do they can beat the dolphins"
Finley is a tough SOB.
#HAHAHA FUCK YOU PITTSBURGH YA FUCKING FRAUDS
"Whether this loss hurts us or not remains to be seen, it’s still a possibility that the Steelers could beat the colts or Browns. That all being said I love watching Captain FatFuck, leader of men, lose."
PaD dA StAtS ShOuLd Be An EaZy OnE...
Fuck the Steelers
getting spicy out in Cincy
My brother and his son are Steelers fans. This is glorious
Steelers ass
bunch of overrated bums. their defense is still dangerous but that offense is ass.
We could've won the Div if we didn't pretry much lose a game due to covid.
Also FUCK THAT STRENGTH AND CONDITIONING COACH !! IF WE MISS THE PLAYOFFS I WANT HIM STRUNG UP OUTSIDE THE CASTLE TO SEND A MESSAGE!!
"Cardinals fan here joining in on the Steelers hate. 

Love Lamar Jackson and Big Ben can suck one."
I really want it to work out where we play them the first round of the playoffs. Don’t see them beating us three times with the way they are playing now And the way we are playing now.
# NICE DANCE JUJU - EVEN BETTER WHEN YOU GOT YOUR FUCKING HEAD REMOVED
We really bout to miss the playoffs because Pitt gets smoked the next 2 weeks.
I think they’ll adjust after the half but damn this is entertaining lol!
"If you assume we get in as the #7, we want to see the Steelers as the #2, not the Browns.  We need the Steelers to stay the #2 seed.

Wait, it might be worse.  Bills would become the #2, not the Browns.  We definitely don’t want to go to Buffalo, plus, Bills now might not need to play for the 2 seed in week 17 against Miami."
WHAT FUCKING LOSERS!!!
"They need to use this as motivation over the next two weeks. Because buffalo has no reason to play its starters wk 17 against Miami.  Let's go Raiders!  I'm a Ravens fan,  just rooting for Raiders to beat Miami."
It really hurts me that we didn't beat them once... Hopefully we get a third shot
Fuck the Steelers
We all like it's going but it's not over yet.
"Well, now they for sure have to beat either Indy or Cleveland so this benefits us a LOT"
FUCK THE STEELERS
"Corvette, corvette"
I PRAY that the seeding works out where we get them in the first round
"Beat the Browns
Beat the Browns
Beat the Browns"
We still need them to win though:/
PUCK FISSBURGH
I think we should root for the Browns to take number 1 just so we can see the Steelers first
"https://twitter.com/nfl_memes/status/1341239299568775168

Lmao"
juju getting blown up? \*chefs kiss\*
Steelers fan here agreeing
I hate that we need this shitty team to win. I wish I could just enjoy this for what it is without having to worry about what the Bills are doing on week 17.
I still don’t understand how we lost to this team
Anyone else really appreciate our run game after watching the Steelers tonight? Steelers running backs look like they have super glue on their shoes.
"I mean I enjoy Steelers misery as much as anyone but we need them to win their next two and clinch the division for our best shot at making the playoffs. Remember, we have tiebreakers over Cleveland, not over them (even if the reason they have the tiebreaker on us is BS).

Classic Squealers, only time they don't get bullshit wins is when it might actually help us for them to do so."
"Steelers losing: this sparks joy

Browns potentially winning the division: this sparks confusion"
Missed out on my fantasy playoffs by 0.3 points. This was the happiness I needed. Fuck the Steelers.
"Yeah, I don't disagree. I've wanted Ben gone since 2012 and now the rest of the fanbase agrees. We've been atrocious lately."
Yup
"They lost to the worst team in our division. How does that even happen?

Still reeling that Washington has done so well, but that's for another thread..."
The browns could actually win the division... Holy shit
SHITTSBURGH Squeelers
"Feels real bad to be the only fuckin team in the whole division to get swept by the Steelers. If the Bengals did it without Joe burrow, we should have been able to do it with our backups."
Steelers fan here. Can't disagree
Their loss puts the division in reach if we win out. Full speed ahead
and somehow ben wants to play one more year
Got to love that I can see a post like this 3 weeks in a row
 You might need the Steelers to win in week 17 for the Ravens to get into the playoffs.
I felt [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ki3whe/youre_all_hypocrites/) on the Steelers sub was actually pretty based
It's sad we're relying on this team basically.  That fucking Pats loss.
We might need them to win at least one of the two games left for us to make it to the playoffs.  I really hope I don't have to root for them but if I have to I will.
these fuckers gonna cause us to miss out though
They eat my rectum but I need them to win so I'm pounding the Redbull and beef this week. Yins can do it!
They beat you twice this season . NFL fans are weird
[deleted]
Stop karma whoring
"No upvote threads mini upvote thread

(Because mini ones are okay)"
Rent free baby
“Easiest schedule in the league” apart from 2 games. The ravens got the same one and are out the playoffs rn and got swept by the Steelers am I wrong?.. tough
"Stop talking shit, you assholes"
"Are we really gonna miss the playoffs because of covid????

Assuming the Titans lose to the goat Aaron Rodgers, colts finish 12-4, Titans 5th seed at 11-5. Steelers/Browns lock up the 6th seed or 3rd/4th seed.

We really boutta lose our spot to Miami of all teams?? Seriously?"
"Then we need the Bills or Raiders to take care of business.  

And if we miss the playoffs, it'll be because we let ourselves get swept by the Steelers.  Yes, officiating in those games was shit, but the Ravens had to overcome."
"If we lose our on playoffs it's entirely our fault for losing to this dogshit team twice and the Patriots.

We should really be 11-2 as well."
There definitely trying to fuck us out of a spot it seems like by losing out. I knew they were overrated but they should beat the Bengals easy. This should keep the Bills aggressive down to week 17 to ensure the #2 seed.
"They just need to lose next week and we should be ok



right?!? right?!? Bengals ain’t ruin it again are they?!"
They still take division.  Then would be 3rd or 4th seed.  If Ravens win out.  They’ll get in.  I can’t imagine nothing goes our way the next two weeks
[deleted]
""
I loved how it happened above the B
He got knocked the f--k out!!! LOLOLOL
It's the slide that really pisses me off
""
but if lamar.. u know what nvm
Pretty bad for a running back
If this ever happened to Lamar you know damn well we wouldn't hear the end of it
Ben sucks
Ben can’t throw
haha against that fearsome Bengals defense.
I am having a good laugh. Someone said “11-5” lmao
They’re calling for Ben to be benched haha
Bench ben and mason rudolph currently trending on twitter
Ben has 19 yards passing. Imagine the shit they would be talking if that was Lamar lmao
How tf is this team gonna beat the colts or browns. Looks like we need the bills or raiders to come through and beat the dolphins
"As much as I hate the Steelers, I would prefer they win their next two games after this week so we can all but guarantee spot in the playoffs for us lol"
"yeah, you’re all up in the game thread on r/steelers making a complete ass of yourself"
""
"Remember, we beat him 49-13 so the Steelers fans can’t say anything."
LMAO IMAGINE GETTING BEAT BY A RACOON
Gary Busey?
Looks like a hide the pain Harold meme
https://imgur.com/a/L8OHxRs
[deleted]
"...earlier today to tell him that I guess I'm a big black and gold fan next week. I never heard back from him. I just opened the text and realized I fat fingered my text and called them the ""Black and Fold"". Lmao.....the truth hurts"
"Uhh.. You should be a fan this week too. This steelers team would be lovely to play in the post season. If the steelers lose out, worst they can do is 11-5 which is the best we can do and they're 8-0 in the conference. If the browns win out we're in trouble."
""
Stop doing it on peoples center field logo. Painted a huge target on his back and it’s catching up to him.
As a rookie I liked him cause he was humble.  Last year he didn’t blow up after Antonio Brown was gone. This year new essentially Brown without the production.
"He just comes across as a little bitch with the dancing. Dude, try and act like a professional."
Lmaooo this man juju said Imagine getting stiff armed by someone who “only does tik toks” 😂 but got rocked !
Hilarious
Bruhhh 😂
u/savevideo
I cant stop watching this
My favourite part is that he can't stop doing it during a cold spell or it makes him look weak. Keep going JuJu we all want to keep seeing this.
http://gph.is/2nB4WMA
he got jacked up!
""
Seems like Juju isn't a real #1 if he doesn't have one of the best of all time on the other side taking on the best corners for him
"Born in MD, spent half my life in LA. Massive USC fan, JuJu is the only one I cannot stand. Seeing him get ROCKED by the logo today was arousing."
😂😂😂😂😂
"Juju really went from respectable competitor, to just another player on the filed, and now full blown clown. 

Hopefully he has a career on tiktok because I don't see him with a secure contract in the future unless something really changes with his play"
"*So I says to him ""dance, ya fuckin' prick!"" Bing, pow!*"
My thumb hurts for all the up votes I've given Juju memes this morning.
Yikes! Juju and Steelers are on a skid for sure
Lmaoooooo
I LOL'd at this....
If we had our actual team when we played these frauds we wouldve destroyed them and be contending for the north. Now we have to hope they win 1 of their next 2 games and the way theyre playing it will be rough
They aren’t going to win the division if the lose out.
Imagine going 11 - 5 and not making the fucking playoffs...it's entirely possible....
""
"It could actually help if Steelers Lose tonight because it increases the likelihood that Steelers will have something to play for week 17

Unfortunately, they look like fucking butt trash so they might not be able to help us vs. Indy or Cleveland anyway"
Laughing at the Steelers misery helps us the most
"has no effect in any way

we cannot finish above the steelers no matter what

edit: but you can throw in the obvious hilarity it would be to see them lose and also the motivation factor but purely standings, it has no implications in any way"
"We need the browns to lose 1 for us to pass them anyway, and if they do, they can’t win the division.

Root for bengals, because either the Steelers lose 5 in a row, or they beat a team we need them to."
Bengals it motivates Pit and Buf for down the stretch. Unless Pit is really trying to drop 5 in a row to narrow our chances which it looks like they could be.
NAH WE NEED THE BENGALS TO WIN
"Doesn’t really affect us. I’ve need CLE, BUF, or IND to drop one game no matter what. 


However, I am pleased with seeing the Steelers get embarrassed. Hopefully it’s a wake up call? I don’t think they’d finish the season 0-5.  And as we’ve seen many times sometimes a team just gets in a slump and can use that as a wake up call."
Totally root for the Bengals. If the Steelers lose tonight you KNOW they are gonna come out hitting next week. Embarrassed on national TV has gotta be really motivating. Unless of course they just suck.....
"Bengals, if the Steelers lose the Bills have the 2 seed to play for in Week 17 against Miami and won’t sit their starters, therefore helping us for the playoff spot against Miami"
Fuck the Steelers. I'll never cheer for them.
[deleted]
""
This is the way
"This is the softest, most overrated, most guaranteed to implode ~~12-0~~ ~~12-1~~ ~~12-2~~ 12-3 team in the NFL"
Ohio lurks beneath the logo...
""
THEY SCORED FINALLY 😂
"i dont understand why so many of you expected the steelers to beat  the colts in the first place tbh

i've had colts winning that game for weeks... definitely the better team regardless of what we're seeing tonight"
[deleted]
""
"get that 3/6 matchup or that 2/7

4/5 too but not super likely"
Ive been saying this for a month I want that EZ money
Imo we played better than them in both games
""
Everybody going IN on this dumbass and I love it 😭😂😂😂😂
"Guy is an absolute fuckwit.  Also, that’s three loses in a row. Suck shit."
New Jersey Devils twitter handler is actually a legend. Been roasting random people and teams on social media for years.
Lmao where are are the Steelers fans that were soooo certain that the whole “dancing on the logo fires up the other team” was bs
"For as much shit as yall give him for the tweet, Hollywood has about 50 more yards in 30 less catches than Pittsburgh's so-called #1 receiver and Tiktok star JuJu Smith-Schuster. Just saying 😬"
I guess AB was right calling him a bum 😂
Ju ju bitch schuster amd claypool the new homegirls
It’s real sad that DuDu Smith-Shitster seems to have regressed. Kind of deserves it.
God damn this guy sucks. Bengals would be up 30 if they had a half decent qb
You really coached this dude up with this comment
What did you just say about Ryan GOATley
"Comon give the guy a break it's not like he's their franchise QB.

(Live update: our boy just ran for a TD he putting in work.)"
"he was informed on operation suck for sewell

somebody needs to intercept the transmission so he aborts mission"
Ryan Finley just pulled a Lama
Young stud
I Don’t like this conservative playcalling by the Bengals right now.
Guy just ran Lamar's fake hand off beautifully
Come on Bengals finish these guys.
"as an nc state fan, i’m going to have to push back on that"
"I’m terrible at gambling so I try not to do it much but I think I’ve found a way to use my terrible gambling luck to the ravens playoff advantage. Some time this week I’m going to drive to one of the states surrounding us that has legal gambling set up already and place a bet on the exact scenario that would have the ravens winning out and still not making the playoffs at 11-5. Maybe I’m just too superstitious but I can’t imagine a scenario where I could ever financially come out on top on that kind of parlay. 

I’m not trying to look past these next two games, and if we lose either of them we don’t deserve to get in anyways, but I feel like this bet could save us from the scenario where we would  win 11 games and still not make it. What do you think? Am i just crazy or is this just crazy enough to work? Just realized I’m not even sure how to make this type of futures bet so hopefully it’s possible. I’ve only legally bet on sports once in vegas and it did not go well. But that just makes me think even more that this is the right thing to do."
"Nice, upvoted"
do it lol
"I started doing it last week. Browns, Dolphins, Colts moneyline parlay and it was a winner. I'll be on it again this week and again Week 17 if necessary."
"Its a good hedge. If the Ravens miss the playoffs at 11-5, at least you make money. If you lose, at least the Ravens are in if they won out."
Dolphins Browns Colts Titans Ravens parlay incoming for week 16
"Report back!  Love this. I’d do the same, but then now I feel like me doing it would then offset the juju.  And I’m loving this juju"
Go check it out about now. Hahaha!!
Don’t troll just observe. We’re better than browns fans
I didn’t think anyone would be there anymore.
"They got a reason to win now, division title. We got this."
How about just make fun of them here
Pittsburgh could lose out.
They are the only team in the AFC playoff picture that I hate. Obviously I hope the Ravens run away with the AFC.
[deleted]
""
You love to see it
THEY ARE STraIGHT CHEEKS JUST LIKE WHAT BIG BEN LIKES
#This is Steelers Football.
lmaoooooooooo
Ayy fuck em
So they really were the worst 11-0 team ever
"If the Steelers beat the Colts next week and the Browns beat the Jets, is the AFCN up for grabs week 17?"
MERRY CHRISTMAS GUYS
"Calm down upvote farmer.. 

Game isn't even over yet jesus"
"Woah dawg, gotta wait til the clock hit triple zero’s."
"LETZZZ GO, HOPEFULLY SHITTZBURG WAKES UP THE NEXT TWO WEEKS"
""
[deleted]
Nah I’d be pissed that those fuckers kept us out of the playoffs
Eh I’d rather make it so we can hopefully play them and get easy redemption. I don’t care if we don’t make a run after that.
"yeah

i'd live with it but i wont be happy for sure"
"So you’re ok with the Browns and Steelers making the playoffs and us not? 

Clowns like you need to leave."
FUCK THE STEELERS
Bengals fan here - FUCK THE STEELERS
The Cleveland browns might be the 2020 AFN champs ladies and gentlemen :O
The fucking refs
That was a very pro Steelers commentator crew. There's no way that was pass interference at the end there. Ridiculous.
What about all those missed holding calls on Steelers OL? I only watched the 4th quarter but still ran out of fingers counting them
What a shame
"Well they kind of did though, Steelers were lucky to get that first TD"
"They blew that neural zone play dead before they could have a free shot with it....

Oh, and the fumble looked like it was going in for 6 before they called it incomplete as well..."
""
"Nice, upvoted"
"Cincy fan HERE FTS

FINLEY STILL HAS A NOODLE ARM"
I FUCKIN loved it
Facts
"I have to say I’m disappointed.


I played AC during the first half so I missed a big part of this upset"
[deleted]
I find this completely inapplicable
they (barely) beat us in a nail biter in the first go. then almost lost to our JV offense the second time. i have no fear of this team and pray we get them in the wild card.
"2nd game dont count in my mind

what do you mean haha"
Ravens lost both games because of the refs. Lamar Jackson will NEVER lose to the Steelers again in his career
"I'm sorry, downvoted bc this not it"
And we may need them to play better to get into the playoffs
""
should be playing tight end. /s kinda.
""
KEEP LOSING WE DONT WANT YOUR HELP 😂
A Steelers fan told me they were the best in the league yesterday 🤣🤣🤣🤣
FUCK THE STEELERS
"We probably will need it tho because if they lose out that eliminates all the chances since the bills will end up resting their starters against the dolphins, and I have absolutely no faith in the raiders beating them. That is unless Tennessee loses these last 2 games which is very unlikely."
"Unless the browns turn out to not be the team we played a week ago, the steelers are gonna get curve stomped."
""
"Im legitimately worried we’re gonna miss the playoffs at 11-5

Not way is this Steelers team beating the Colts or browns"
At 11-2. Fucking frauds!
"This loss is very bad for our playoff positioning. Now, the Bills are likely to rest their starters against the dolphins as they are almost guaranteed the 2 seed in the nightmare scenario with the steelers losing out. This basically takes away one likely opportunity for us to have help"
We have done it plenty of times.
Imagine losing twice to a team that lost to the Bengals 3rd string QB. That would be crazy.
By playing dance dance revolution instead of practicing
Hopefully this sour loss puts some fire under their asses to win big for us in the coming games!
FUCK THE STEELERS
This will ensure they play hard against the colts & browns in the coming weeks ... may be our only spot into the playoffs!
Juju wants to be Jake Paul more than he wants to he Julio Jones. Let his ass keep making tik tok videos cuz he's not a #1 WR
This is the fourth I've upvoted today.
"I truly believe if we hadn’t gotten a COVID outbreak we would’ve thrashed the Squeelers, which would have put us in excellent position in the playoffs. We almost beat them with our B team."
C team*
It would make it so much more worth it if we have the opportunity to beat them in the playoffs but yeah fuck that dude
I hate him but there were multiple strains of COVID in our facility meaning the issue was larger than him
If we had out team in that game we could win the north if they lost another
"Fuck Skura , he cost us the Patriots game definitively. Saunders is a fall guy, there’s no evidence he was the cause of an outbreak , just circumstantial. 

Go ahead everyone bitch me out"
""
(#KeepRandyFichtner)
"Nice, upvoted"
Makes it even better that this is from last season at least lol hope they keep Fichtner forever
I can hear Tomlins displeasure in this pic
The look before a whacking
TOMLIN DON'T BLINK
Thats the post
That’s it. That’s the whole post.
And the entire NFC East.
Now is it possible if we can eliminate the Titans for you guys?
[deleted]
Their defense will probably keep them relevant enough to at least finish 3rd
"I don’t see them being bottom of the division, but third place is a very real possibility."
"Could happen if Burrow (and Green) comes back healthy and the Steelers don't pick up a legit RB1. Bold, but definitely possible."
I don’t know about next year. Our teams will definitely be 1&2. But the Bengals still have a lot of needs. I know they just beat them but the squealers defense is ravaged by injury right now.  If they get everyone back their defense could prop them up again. But if their offense stays mostly the same they’ll need a all time defense to compete
Next year more like next decade
""
I don’t understand how anyone can tweet something like this. You are literally setting yourself up to get clowned.
Now we need them to stop loosing so we can get to the playoffs.
Get used to her bro she's gonna be very familiar with you for the next few years.
So disappointing we gave them that first game and too bad T. Huntley was still on the practice squad for the second game.
Fuck you Chase
""
We need them out for blood next week
"If they don’t, they lose the division, so they have the motivation."
"Just one. just one. Come on, man. Just one. Colts. Browns. Preferably, the browns."
"but... again... we really dont need that at all... there are multiple other teams to root for that arent the steelers

you arent forced to root for them in any way currently. go raiders on saturday. we'll talk next week"
Truer words!
We don’t
"Nope, I hope they lose out and the Dolphins take an L against the Raiders or Bills."
Really hoping the Raiders find a way to beat Miami on Saturday so we can just relax and focus on the Ravens' last two.
"If the fins or the colts lose then it don't matter. It's way more likely at this point that the browns crush the steelers, since the steelers are playing like shit."
"They really wanna cry about the refs tonight after that BS no delay of game penalty against us.   I just pray we see them in the playoffs

🤡GTFO & STFU🤡"
I’m still heated about that tbh. Bullshit. And the way the refs allowed that and then scampered away like some straight up pussies...
"They had a dozen missed holding calls in the 4th quarter alone lmao

Then that cunt Reddick goes and cries about the no call DPI right after a replay that shows Villanueva bear-hugging Lawson from behind :D"
"Refball good, football bad."
[deleted]
""
More cannon fodder come time the Steelers vs the Browns
Two terrible fanbases competing to see which is worst is all I see
we rent free in their heads
""
Man I could never tell what face he was making the entire game. This imagine will haunt me in my sleep
"You’re at the bar, feel someone slap your ass, then turn around and see this. What do you do?"
Dude he always smiling I feel like
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS A MEME
He's smiling at you Beavis
What a delightful little scamp!
This picture is incredible I hope he frames it
https://imgur.com/a/L8OHxRs
"I hate the Steelers more today then yesterday, I didn’t know this was possible. FUCK THE STEELERS"
[deleted]
There’s no way the Steelers back into the playoffs losing 4 straight right...? Low key kinda nervous tbh.. They gotta come out with some balls next week?
"If they end up, 11-5 and we do too... They have the tiebreaker"
We need.... The Colts to look like the Steelers did tonight.
"If the Steelers lose to both the Colts and the Browns, and end up 11-5, they could fall all the way to the 6th or possibly the 7th seed.

If the Steelers tie Miami at 11-5, they would both have an 8-4 conference record, so it would go to the next tiebreaker:  Best won-lost-tied percentage in common games, minimum of four.

The complete tiebreaker rules can be found at:

[https://operations.nfl.com/the-rules/nfl-tiebreaking-procedures/](https://operations.nfl.com/the-rules/nfl-tiebreaking-procedures/)

If the Steelers finish at 11-5 and Miami loses a game, then if the Ravens finish at 11-5, the Steelers would be the #6 seed and the Ravens would be the #7 seed.

As it stands right now. the Steelers have fallen from the #1 seed to the #3 seed with their 3 game losing streak, two of those losses were to teams with losing records (6-8 WFT and 3-10-1 Bengals). The last game the Steelers won was 19-14 against the COVID-19 depleted Ravens with several practice squad players starting.

If that idiot head strength and conditioning coach super spreader had not infected the Ravens team, the AFC North could possibly look a lot different today with 3 teams tied at 10-4.

Either way, the Ravens are peaking at the right time, while the Steelers are in a nose dive. However, we need help to get in the playoffs and they are already in."
"I've already accepted the Ravens are gonna be playing the best football in December, go 11-5 and miss the playoffs.

Pittsburgh is losing out, and the Bills will have #2 locked win or lose after next week nothing to play for vs the Dolphins (other than if they lose to Dolphins they play them again vs playing the Ravens if they win)"
"I am very unfamiliar with NFL tiebreaks, but if we win out, Steelers lose out, and Browns split their next two ending the North title in a 11-5 three way tie who would win? I’m not familiar with upcoming schedules either but was just curious."
"The **[playoff machine](http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine)** has the answers you seek. In this case, a 3-way tie, the Steelers would win the division because they own the head-to-head, and we'd be ahead of the Browns for the same reason. The only other non-division-winner who can get to 11-5 is MIA (v. unlikely) but if they do, they'd squeak in ahead of us, and CLE would get bumped out of position.

Basically, we're in a good spot *unless* PIT loses out and CLE wins out; then we'd be up for a WC spot against PIT and they'd own the tie-breaker over us."
"steelers, us, browns. that order. we make wild card for sure... browns might miss out depending on the dolphins, titans, and colts situation"
You can’t even type in r/nfl sub to much going on right now it’s so hilarious
r/steelers is better rn
Just saw I'm another post it will be the Steelers who take it.
"He hit that boy so hard, we won’t ever find Juju doing another tik tok dance. He won’t sleep well tonight cause he will have nightmares about Von Bell"
"I'd give him DPOY for that. Juju really thinks it's gon be sweet, Vonn gave him a wakeup call"
"Nice, upvoted"
I'd like to know what Hines Ward thinks about it.
[deleted]
"
52 Completion %🥶🥱
170 Passing Yards😈💨
1 INT 👑💯
2 fumbles 🤩 1 lost 🔥
62.4 Passer Rating.🤩✅
2 Cases settled out of court💰🤫
1 Porn addiction 📲 😫
MVP??😲👀"
ESPN is ripping them apart now.
Ben Rapistberger
 Ben can’t throw
This is like a copypasta
fat rapist fuck
Don’t clown anyone for having a porn addiction that shit is real but yes I concur
steelers fans on their way to compare someone with two rape cases to someone in a good relationship 🏃🏻‍♂️🏃🏻‍♂️🏃🏻‍♂️🏃🏻‍♂️🏃🏻‍♂️
"Out of curiosity, if jets beat browns and browns beat the Steelers after they lost to the colts who wins the North?

All 3 are 11-5. 

Highly unlikely just interesting"
steelers
Browns could win the North if the Steelers lose every game and they win which is a possibility now. If the Titans and Steelers end up as wildcards are only chance of getting in is a Mia loss.
"I'm Curious as well. Granted it's unlikely to happen, bit I've seen stranger things."
us if only the refs didn’t hoe us......TWICE
"...to win out AND the Dolphins to lose just one of their games OR the Colts lose just one of their remaining games OR the Titans to lose out OR the Browns lose out.

So if the Dolphins win both @LV and @BUF, Colts win both @PIT and vJAX, Titans win either @GB or @HOU, and Browns win either @NYJ and vPIT then we miss the playoffs (if we win out). Seems fairly likely that just one of those scenarios will go our way. Weirdly, the Steelers winning just one of their next two will ensure us a playoff spot if we win out so.... go..... Steelers?

(Feel free to correct me, I've just been messing around with it for about 30 minutes now)"
"browns lose 1, not both"
This has already been heavily discussed and concluded. 2 minutes on this sub would have saved you a lot of time...
Don't lose to a crappy NE team and all your worries go away.
"Lol the Steelers ain't beating the Colts next week or the browns. 

Were gonna get screwed again"
[deleted]
"Seems right, Dolphins definitely can’t beat buffalo and I don’t think that titans can beat the packers. Fuck those clown ass Steelers though"
It has to be a joke at this point this many posts about it
Titans could drop 2. GB is really good and Watson has the will to win any game.
[deleted]
AW is a W but we seriously beat ourselves the first game with all that turnovers in the redzone
When did the Browns beat the Steelers? 🧐
"I didn't watch the game, didn't check scores, got on IG and saw an IG post flaming Juju and then checked the score and busted a nut. FUCK THE STEELERS

Edit: anyone know where I can watch the game now? Besides game pass..."
[deleted]
""
Clear asterisk next to their 2nd win
"**First win**, we spotted them 7 points off a pick-six early, and Lamar threw another pick later. Tipped-ball INTs are random occurrences. We were within a score of them. 

**Second win**, we brought out our C-Team and a backup roster of cardboard cutout fans, and played them so hard we came within five points. 

This Steelers team is extremely overrated and their record in single-score games proves it. Teams _should_ split their single-score games about 50/50, but the Steelers were 6-0 in single-score games until three weeks ago and now they're 6-1. (The Ravens are 2-4 for comparison). 

Statistically, things ""break even"" for teams over the long run. Nobody gets that lucky on turnovers, penalties, random drops, etc. and a couple close games get away from everyone (otherwise Belichick would have had way more than one undefeated team go to the playoffs). Now that it's finally happening to the Steelers, their success _looks_ hollow, but it always was. The counter-argument is that good teams ""find a way to win"" or ""work to win the close ones"", but that's just not borne out in practice."
"[https://nflplayoffscenarios.com/2020/week/16/week-16-path-to-the-playoffs/#bal---3-options](https://nflplayoffscenarios.com/2020/week/16/week-16-path-to-the-playoffs/#bal---3-options) 

States all 3 possible options. Any one of them puts us in the dance. Also available if you wanna see any other team such as the Browns"
"will say that this isnt necessarily EVERY option, just the simplest and easiest to understand. there may be others involving ties and crazy SOV/SOS tiebreakers not listed that I wouldnt even know to think of lol

and not my list, thank the people over at [https://twitter.com/NFLScenarios](https://twitter.com/NFLScenarios) or reddit"
If we lose to NY and beat Cin and Mia loses 1/2 games were still in.
Remember that we can lose to the giants and we would still only need Miami to lose 1 game.
Not that I really give a hoot but if Colts and Browns both lose a game who gets left outta the playoff? Just curious.
it’s nice that LV and MIA play before the ravens this week. LV has a playoff chance but it depends on the ravens losing out.
The paths of pain
""
"He’s not gonna retire, he’s gonna make $44m next season, then retire. Gotta support the beer and porn addiction somehow. 

Edit: $41.25 million dollars."
Ya let Ben retire so they can start Rudolph or the Duckman again. That'll be great for us tbh.
They say they can save $19mil if he retires   💀
big ben is not one to respect the wishes of others
"I don't get it. He has 30 touchdown passes with 2 games left in season, and has 10 interceptions.

I know he's had some bad games and Lamar Jackson is far superior to him, but people are acting like Roethlisberger has like 10 touchdown passes and 18 interceptions or something"
""
That Hollywood deep ball he completed is amazing. Had no clue he saw Mark open and went deep. Love it
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
I’m rock hard from thinking about option 2
One of them losing has to happen
"i want to play tennessee in the playoffs so let’s have each of cleveland, indy, and miami lose a game so we get that 5 seed and play them 1st round"
"As funny as this Pittsburgh loss was, it could hold some consequences. Here’s the reasons I’m worried:

- The Steelers are playing horrible right now. A win from them in the next two weeks is unlikely. 

- The Bills can clinch the #2 Seed with a win, and a Steelers + Titans loss this weekend. The Steelers play the Colts and the Titans play the Packers. If this happens, the Bills will rest their starters vs. Miami in Week 17."
""
Dance on that you limp dick tik tok fucker
"Where's your famous little dance now, bitch?"
Imagine if that was vontaze burfict hitting juju
"It it up, BAL

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/khzg05)"
If you don’t say Steelers I question if you are a Ravens fan
1.steelers 2.browns 3.bengals even though I don’t like the bengals i think they are the most likable of the 3 there are some bengals players in my all time favorite non ravens players list
I hate the Steelers players/organization the most but also fucking hate browns fans the most out of any team in the nfl with their Napoleon limp dick complex.  Bengals only piss me off because of Burfict and the fact they eliminated our playoff hopes.
The sqeelers no doubt about it
Come on; we all low key like the Bengals. Just don't say it to their faces.
Is this a serious question lol
Chad Johnson made me stop disliking the Bengals a little
"I personally see it as the Ravens Vs the Steelers got me into football to begin with. My dad got seasons tickets when the Ravens started and growing up a ice hockey fan it was a slow build to my football fandom and their games convinced me. When I look at the steelers I see a rival that I hate to lose to, i love to beat and at least when we do lose to them it is a team with a history of winning and greatness in their own right so playing them close is nothing to be ashamed of. But losing to the Bengals or the Browns? With their history of shame and embarrassment? Yeah i absolutely hate either of them way more because they can never back up any words when it truly counts."
"Bro, come on now"
"The Steelers, then the Steelers and also the Steelers."
Steelers. The other two are like little kids kicking your shins. Annoying but it’s cute that they try
Browns closing that gap but I’ll go Steelers for now
Not even close
Browns and bengals are and always have been irrelevant
"I wouldn't trade a Steelers humiliation for the world, but this game did have an interesting affect on our playoff chances. I'm going to take a look at that and analyze our playoff percentages using basic statistics and ignoring any perceived matchup favorite (cuz as we all saw tonight, any team can win).

**Effect of Steelers Loss:**

Had the Steelers won this game, the only way we miss the playoffs at 11-5 is with any of the following:

* All of the Browns, Colts or Dolphins win out, Titans win at least 1 game

Without getting too far into the statistics, there are 3 ways that can happen out of 256 combinations, or a 1.17% chance that we miss the playoffs at 11-5, and therefore **98.8%** chance we make it at 11-5.

But now, the division title remains up for grabs. If the Steelers go 0-2 and the Browns go 2-0, then the Browns win the division and the Steelers will hold the tie-breaker over us for Wildcard. Divisional tie-breakers are applied first so we would be the first team eliminated, regardless of any tie-breaker we hold over other wildcard teams (i.e. the Colts). 

So now, at 11-5 the following scenarios can keep us out (percentages assume all games are equal odds):

* Steelers lose to Browns & Colts, Browns beat Jets, Dolphins win out, Titans win at least 1

It basically would nullify our tie-breaker over the Colts and wouldn't matter whether the Colts lose to the Jags in Week 17. This doubles our chances of missing out to 2.34% and reduces our odds to **97.6%**. Obvious a very small change in percentage but that's assuming we win out, which is only one possible outcome for us. 

**General Playoff Odds:**

For those interested, here are the odds if we lose a game:

1. At 9-7, we can still get in if the Dolphins lose 2 and the Raiders lose at least 1 (18.7%)
2. At 10-6 (loss to Bengals), we need at least one of the Browns, Dolphins or Colts to lose 2 (57.8%)
3. At 10-6 (loss to Giants), we most likely hold the tie-breaker over the Dolphins by strength of victory (not determined yet, depends on many other outcomes), so we need either Browns or Colts to lose 2 or the Dolphins to lose 1 (85.9%)

Overall odds of playoffs (all games being equal): 

97.6% x 1/4 + 18.7% x 1/4 + 57.8% x 1/4 + 85.9% x 1/4 = **65%** (not accounting for opponent difficulty)"
I think them losing today is good for us tbh. Cuz now for dam sure theyre gonna go full throttle in wk 16~17 against Colts and Browns to ride a win streak into the playoffs.
If they have any worth left they’ll beat the Colts to redeem themselves but fuck it we put ourselves in this position
"This is the real harbaugh ravens. Not that its bad, but last year was an anomaly. Maybe 3 years total we were safe before week 16. We usually make it and that’s why I live him. We also have got fucked over so brace newbs."
So basically the Bengals might have fucked our playoff chances... lmfao Bengals eliminating us 2 times in the past 5 years how fitting...
"I did that last scenario with the colts losing to the jags and I had the Ravens, Dolphins, and Steelers coming in at wildcard? How did you get the colts beating us out?"
"The Dolphins and Browns are going to win out, the Steelers are going to lose out and the Ravens miss the playoffs because they got swept by the Steelers who will get bounced out with their 6th loss in a row in the WC game

The only hope is the Texans beating the Titans week 17."
[deleted]
"I like the approach. Slow and steady wins the race! I think we've got a shot at a SB. We can keep up with high scoring teams like the Browns I honestly think if we can backdoor-sneak our way into a playoff game, I think we can run it home"
"Browns ain’t the team we should be worried about keeping up with, when it comes time"
I’m not even sure if we will make the postseason :/
Any team has a legitimate shot at the SB if they can make the playoffs. Let’s focus on getting there first.
This is our year to sweep the division Champs and miss the playoffs
?????
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"Steelers and Browns Lose Out.

Ravens Win Out.

This is the playoff scenario I want."
Fuck u brownies
Womp womp. They talked so much shit. Next up: Covid was started by Art Modell
4 players aint nothing we had 20+ 😂
"Who gives a fuck, we swept those bitches."
"Those Browns fans crying about the Ravens can get fucked. Worst fans in the league, by far."
I know right they can’t even compare to what we went threw no other team can really
It’s almost like an outbreak can happen to any team and every organization probably has some people who are violating covid protocols.
The amount of purposefully obtuse numbskulls on r/nfl hurts my brain
A better comparison would be to the situation before the colts game.
I don't understand all the claims the NFL delayed the Steelers Thanksgiving game so the Ravens could get their starters back but the NFL won't give preferential treatment to anyone else. The Ravens had to call up practice squad players to field a 36 player team. Not sure how that was an advantage.
[removed]
If Browns miss playoffs and Ravens make it because of this then it just shows how rigged the nfl is.   THE nfl has an emergency 18th week they could implement.   Really that extra week off for many teams would be a blessing.   The Patriots got their game pushed with two players with covid.   Why wouldn't Browns get same treatment.
Coach em up Gruden!
We need him to put the dolphins through the Gruden Grinder
DA RAIDAAAAAAS
7-0 Raiders - keep it going boys! Besides - Darren owes us for wasted time in Baltimore.
Hahahaha
They blew it ! Oh man
Raiders fuckin suck..
Pain
"Waller is going to come through for the Ravens, one last time."
""
Browns: Art Modell did it
time to hear about the nfl giving us every red carpet on the planet cause they dont understand having half the team test positive over the course of multiple consecutive days leading up to the games pushed back isnt the same as 1 or 2 cases and a shit load of close contact NEGATIVES
"They didn’t push back our game when Humphrey caught it.

Only one brown has it and the rest are close contacts."
I’m convinced Browns fans are now brain dead after so many years of consistent failure
"Browns fans: COVID forced us to pick Johnny Manziel and Justin Gilbert in the best first round of the decade, and it made us go 0-16! It probably caused the Ravens to sweep us too. The NFL protocols are a joke and Art Modell did this somehow"
Glad we found a great replacement tho
Historically this team has always had top tier FBs
"I don't. Id take Ricard by a country mile. Plus, last year, juice threw sideways shade at the Ravens about how glad he was out. So fuck him, how great is it there now, juice? I'd rather have Boldin back than anyone who went over there"
Yeah he’s looking good tonight
[removed]
""
Fart in it before you give it to them
I didn’t see the wrapping paper at first. I was going to demand this be removed 😂
My husband is a Steelers fan and causes me extreme pain to have to spend money on their merchandise for him. And then of course all my Facebook ads and whatnot are for Steelers stuff.
[deleted]
Fuck r/nfl too
Totally unrelated but LMFAO 😂😂 Kyler Murray threw the game ending INT to basically end the cardinals season😂 and people were already saying Murray is leaps and miles ahead of Lamar. We all know what Lamar did his 1st year as a starter this is Murrays 2nd year as a starter and can’t make the playoffs. Good luck with your 5’6 QB AZ 😂💀
"Yeah I am a browns fans. I like visiting this sub becuase the football conversation can be really good and it’s great interacting with another fan base. 

Ppl don’t realize that the organization had like 30+ confirmed cases. They had no idea who might have it and who might not have it. Browns and other teams have had 1 or a few confirmed cases and some close contacts. No team has had Covid issues like the ravens. Hence why they were treated differently. Gotta hate ignorant fans"
"Twitter is awful. Don’t use it. 

It’s not a good place for anything."
"Lmao what r/nfl threads have you been to? Every single one I’ve been in, anyone who takes more than 2 seconds to think about nuance is downvoted to hugh hell

Update: Just thought I’d share this riveting conversation with a [high IQ browns](https://imgur.com/gallery/VeXWcjj) fan lmao"
"Same shit on r/browns where they are whining ""if we were the Ravens this game would be delayed a week"""
Didn't the Titans game get moved a full week for five player positives and six staff. Ravens were crushed with covid and had to dress a practice squad against an undefeated team.
""
Lmfao 😂😂😂 Lamar Jackson’s First year as a starter is going down in history as one of the greatest Seasons ever for a QB. Lamar lead us to the playoffs first seed in the AFC and best record in the NFL and best record in franchise history. What does Kyler do his 2nd year as a starter ? Lose to the 5-9 49ers throws the season ending INT 😂🤣 good luck with your 5 foot 6 QB AZ don’t ever compare him to Lamar ever again
one good pass makes him better than Lamar lmao you gotta be joking
Everybody that said they would take Kyler over Lamar are reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaallllllllllllll quiet right now.
Please cross post this to r/NFL just for the salt alone.
""
How ironic how we have to rely on both of these clown shows to make the playoffs 🤦🏾‍♂️
"That was awesome.
I have never seen that before. I wonder what Ben said..."
Commentators pushing the debate all night in the Cards vs 9ers game. The one dude even said he would take Kyler over Lamar in a 1v1 tackling scenario in the open field. Only one of these guys holds the all time single season rushing record for a QB and has an endless highlight reel of ankle breaking. Put some respect on his name.
"Whoever said he’d take kyler over Lamar 1v1 in the open field is a joke and should have his commentators license revoked 

Kyler is a very good player but he’s not Lamar. He throws a prettier ball but he’s not as good of a QB overall, and he’s DEFINITELY not as deadly as a runner"
Kyler just took a huge L to CJ Bethard Lamar would never
Why Lamar is so hated is the biggest mystery to me. People will search for any reason to spin the narrative against him.
I think Kyler solved that narrative by losing
"In the game yesterday, Kyler Murray scrambled to pick up a first down with his legs during a 4th down play.

After the play, the dumbass announcer goes, ""now that is just talent that 31 out of the 32 teams do not have.""

Are you fucking kidding me?"
Yea I feel like it’s just fluff to fill the air when they start talking about how they haven’t seen someone play like Kyler. There’s literally a QB in the same division that plays a similar style of ball.
""
Lamar is going to be compared to every black/mobile qb in the league. I bet you they’re going to compare Jalen hurts to him next
"Haha pundits stopped making the Kyler / Lamar comparison several weeks ago when Lamar started reminding everyone why he was a unanimous mvp.

But if kyler has a few good games again next year they'll come back out of the woodwork looking for clicks and hope we all forget how fucking stupid they are."
People will always say dumb shit no point in posting this here
When the ravens needed Lamar the most the man came back to the game not on 1st or 2nd down.. but on 4th fucking down and needed to make a season saving play and he did just that. When AZ needed Kyler down a TD to get them into the post dude threw the game ending possibly season ending INT in the red zone... Lamar the most disrespected Athlete in America and it ain’t even close. Good luck with your QB who can barely see over his own line AZ.
People want to compare Lamar to other QBs because they’re wanting to find ways to discredit Lamar’s success and talent. People just want to  hate Lamar even though he acts and carries himself as a true professional.
"This happened a lot with Joe and Matt Ryan.  Every year it felt like Joe had a new clown car of receivers while the defense got consistent upgrades.  Matt kept getting better and better receivers.  Yet Joe could seemingly do magic in the playoffs (even if he left a lot to be desired during the regular season).  I used to love the first game of the playoffs, it was almost a for sure upset win by Joe and company.  

&#x200B;

Matt Ryan will just go down in history for  28-3."
Kyle Murray lol
"By making this post, you’re comparing Murray and Lamar"
Well Kliff isn’t a good HC
[deleted]
These are fax with such we shall stunt on these hoes.
"It's a bad comparison for sure. But you also need to remember the Ravens are a far better team and have a far better coach. 

With that said, Lamar will always be compared to mobile QBs but it's not because he actually compares to them. Rather, it is because no one is like Lamar. So you have to compare the closest thing to him. You see it every day when the media talks about him. He's compared to Vick, Newton, Marino, Peyton, and a bunch of others because he doesn't fit into one prototype. He is the prototype for the way he plays the game.

I'm a big Kyler fan but he has a lot of work to do to get to Lamar's level still"
Now do Josh Allen
"I had to chuckle when Kyler threw a terrible pick in the end zone with the game on the line and the announcers blamed the receiver, who in actuality, had no chance to make a play on the ball because it was so under thrown. Lamar would be lambasted for that kind of throw in that kind of situation."
I guess we're forgetting there's two sides of the ball?
"I don’t mind the comparisons, I just hate when people try to say he’s as good as Lamar"
Midget Murray blows
"They're both black, undersized and they run.

Seriously, there's a good chunk of America and media that don't see beyond those things. It's sad AF.

Edit. I see many people here fall into the category outlined above. Don't downvote, just be better."
Kyler is afflicted by a terrible offensive scheme and play calling more than Lamar though
I don't even think there is really a strong argument that Murray has been better than Lamar this season.
Hopkins and who else? The Cardinals do not have one of the best receiving core. Stop it
""
"I view the Raiders as an extension of us tonight, so I took this personally."
I saw this shit too on the nfl app. What’s going on?
"Might as well create a thread for this game given the implications it has on the Ravens making the playoffs or not. Can either /u/Rabid_Snowman or /u/Ravens_Mod pin this?

R.I.P. to my inbox, I guess..."
STOP THE COUNT
I've been a raider fan for over 30 minutes now and I'm already depressed.
I've never talked trash on other teams subs but the Raiders make me tempted
I've hated the Dolphins ever since they hit my boy Flacco.
"FUCK THE DOLPHINS

FUCK DAN MARINO"
Who wants to make the trash talk thread
"Seriously fuck the Raiders, fuck the dolphins but FUCK. THE. RAIDERS"
"after 3 hours of raiders fandom, i never want to do this again"
This the most comments I seen in a non Ravens thread lol
That’s their 4th and 29.... 😭😭
Derek Carr looks like a default face from a character creator in a GTA knockoff
How does a team that constantly flips their quarterbacks back and forth like that manage to luck into so many wins. Shit is frustrating as fuck
Fuck man - can you imagine Lamar with Andrews and Waller at TE?
And people here think Roman is bad? Grudens playcalling especially in the red zone is hot trash. Not one jump ball to Waller in the end zone all night?
Whatever boys. We can make the postseason with a little bit of luck. See y’all tomorrow at 1
I hate the Raiders
Great return. Hopefully they can get some points off that.
23-22 would be the most ravens thing ever man I swear to god
"Ahh straight out of Joe Flaccos Elite  play book...

1) Throw deep bomb
2) draw DPI call
3) Profit????"
"I absolutely shouldn't be laughing, but what the hell did I just watch"
"Ya know. Fuck Steve Saunders, fuck typhoon rain, fuck the pats. 

I really hate that we have to rely on other teams to get us in. Ughhhh"
What the fuck was that?
What the fuck was the coverage on that completion? Just letting the guy run right by you doesn't seem like a great idea
#FUCK YOU VEGAS
Fuck the raiders. Pussies
"Right before I submitted this, I managed to pick up on the fact that I initially titled this thread, ""[12/26/2020] UNOFFICIAL Week 15 Saturday Night Game Thread: Miami Dolphins @ ***OAKLAND*** Raiders"".

Yeah, I still haven't gotten use to the fact that the Raiders now play in Sin City."
Raiders need to realize Carr sucks and they need to put Mariota back in.
I dunno. I woulda have taken the td and gone for 2
"What an beyond-idiotic facemask penalty. That's on Gruden when you allow people to be that stupid and unaware of the situation. Seriously, that tackle should know that play is a death penalty and he grabbed on with everything he had. Bad coaching, no excuse."
Our boy Darren Waller gotta bang out
This game is peak frustration
Oh my god he missed the extra point. Thats gonna fuck us isn’t it?
Where the hell is the offsides flag?
God the raiders are so shit what the fuck was that
"WTF Raiders, way to continually give that one away in every way possible. Just penalize yourselves to a loss"
Raiders Defensive Coordinator should be fired tomorrow.
the r/NFL game thread for this is like all Ravens fans haha
"Every time I see Waller be awesome I dream about what could've been

Like I don't begrudge anyone. He wasn't very good when he was here because he was struggling with addiction, the raiders just picked him up off the practice squad as they're allowed to, we didn't protect him because, again, not good here. And I'm happy for him to see him succeed like this and more importantly conquer his demons.

But like... imagine how much Lamar loves his tight ends and imagine him throwing to *that*"
3rd and 1 Waller beat his man by 5 yards but no we've got Witten going vertical gotta hit that one.
Can we get a ghost of Marlon Humphrey punch for a turnover
Can we get a Darren Waller back please? :(
If they cant get a td here I will lose my fucking mind
Game over. We never get any help
Can we extend tucker for 10 yrs 500 mil
Fitz you love throwing picks I’d appreciate one right now
We play in Vegas next year. We better win by 30+
"Dude I’m getting fucking destroyed. How the fuck could the raiders be so fucking bad. Shut up liver, you’re fine"
I feel like the ravens just lost. What the hell did I just see
Gruden time to put Mariota in when in the redzone.
The fact that Jacobs has only five carries in the first half is criminal. That’s some Greg Roman offense right there
Why no Jacobs?
WALLER DO IT FOR BALTIMORE
Good stop but I have no faith in Derek Carr. I feel like the Raiders have started every drive at midfield and wasted like five redzone trips
I'm so pissed and I'm not even a raiders fan. This game should be a massive blowout
"most invested i've been in a nonravens game in awhile 

im delirious rn"
Fitztragic please
Thate a fucking awful call but i’ll take it lmao
"As I've said before... 

90 PERCENT OF THE TIME, A DEEP BALL WINDS UP BEING A PI

CHANGE MY FUCKING MIND"
Dare I believe...
Lmao the dolphins guy was trying to pull him into the endzone by his leg 😂
I can't believe what I just witnessed
That’s what i call a gruden grinder
So ahh let’s go squeelers? If colts lose do we beat them on tiebreaker for the win early in the season?
"Yes, if either the browns, colts or dolphins lose in the next two games (dolphins, one game) and the ravens win out, we make the playoffs"
Let's fucking go Raiders!!
RAVENS LEGEND DARREN WALLER (Im glad hes doing good now)
Gruden put in Mariota I beg you
I SAID WATCH THE FAKE
Most obvious fake ever
I don't trust them...
God this Raiders Defense fucking sucks.
Lamar with a sponsorship!
Can I get a Tua Tagliaturnover
I haven’t watched a Dolphins game this year but does Tua always just throw the ball for like 4 yards per attempt?
Waller is a one man offense. Wow
Raiders defense wants the ravens in the playoffs but derek carr doesn’t
Thank God the Raiders have a legit pass rush tonight.
"Enemies list:
Gruden
Carr"
Are you fucking kidding me
The Joe Flacco - Torrey Smith connection
How was that not offsides?
DEFENSE I NEED YA
I had my life alert in hand just in case
I don’t understand how other teams watch football without a Justin Tucker
How the fuck do you let a guy get THAT open in THAT game position!!!
Should have gone for the TD not a FG. Idiots.
Great time to blow coverage and some fitzmagic...FUCK. I was hoping I wouldn’t have to cheer on Pitt
Fuck Daniel Carlson too
Why RIP to your inbox?
JON BIG DICK GRUDEN COME THRU
Pls win for us raiders. Raiders kinda sound like ravens right hehe so that means we’re close
Huge return!!
Fuck yeah. Touchdown.
RAVENS LEGEND
"Derek Carr is halfway between pre-ACL Flacco and post-ACL Flacco, but minus the elite dragon clutchness

Prove me wrong"
Fuck! Shoulda been picked
Saw that fake coming a mile away lol
"Was thinking, watch the fake."
Obvious fake if I ever saw one.. still didn’t stop it
Cmon Raidaaas get a fuckin TD to end this half
"Damn don't know if any of you are pro wrestling fans but Brodie Lee, formerly Luke Harper in WWE, just passed away :("
Come on man I just want to be able to fully enjoy our boys playing tomorrow without having to stare at the box scores of the fucking Browns and Steelers games the whole time 😭
Man just throw it to Waller how hard is that
fun while it lasted
"Raiders are fucking trash, I hate rooting for them."
Wouldn't mind the Raiders finishing a drive here
It’s always funny when receivers leave us or the Eagles and become good after leaving.
"Carr is so, *SO* bad on second reads."
"Welp guess we're rooting for the steelers boys, fuck all these trash teams"
WTF was that call on 3rd and 1?
What the actual fuck was that
Holy shit Gruden is a fucking awful waste of money
Stop. We’re not rooting for the Steelers. We’re rooting against the team that abandoned Baltimore. Fuck the colts
"ONE. HANDED. IN. STRIDE.

Waller is incredible!"
Jason Witten looking like your grandpa snagging that Black Friday TV
Carr just holds the ball SOOO long.
Gruden is trash bro
HOW TO RAIDERS FANS ENDURE THIS EVERY WEEK
3rd and goal and he throws a pass that has pretty much zero chance lf getting a TD
Darren Waller how tf......
THAT MAN IS A BEAST
Waller >> Kelce
an andrews-waller duo would have made my pp so hard
Mariota gets a 1st running there
Fuck their playcalling
raiders dont deserve waller ffs
i meeaaann. i feel like carr couldve ran for the first down
RUN FOR THE FIRST DOWN CARR FUCK
Carr hasn’t learned to just force the ball to Waller
So bad on 3rd down that’s why he will never be an elite quarterback
Tua seeing ghosts out there.
Tua has thrown the ball 22 times and only has 94 yards lmao
Now we need a long pass for a TD. Raiders don't know how to score inside the 20.
Derek carr had like 20 seconds to pass and threw a 50 yard pass to a 5’11 receiver that was double covered.
"For fuck sakes, put Mariota in."
Fucking Ryan fucking Fitzpatrick is about to end our season
"Reminder, Carr bum ass took a bad sack that cost them a FG :("
Do we *ever* get help when we need it? FFS.
"The Raiders held the Dolphins to a field goal!

Now, Derek Carr... if, um, you want to remain the starting QB in Las Vegas for 2021; yeah, now would be a good time to prove why."
I’m in the fantasy championship against Waller and I literally do not care if he scores a 80 yard TD here
Missed PAT... I swear the NFL is scripted
FUCK CARLESON ALL MY HOMIES HATE CARELSON
I guess the raiders don’t care about my mental health
Yup... that’s about right. Fuck.
I cannot emphasize how much I hate daniel carlson right now.
"Down by one, we need them to drive down and score, most likely last possession...

This is basically a Ravens game lmaoo"
God having Justin Tucker in your back pocket is such a comfort. If the raiders don’t score a TD I don’t trust em
that’s definitely not PI BUT THANK YOU
"That is a really fucking tough PI, man.  Not gonna lie.  I hate and love that they called that shit."
RUN THE BALL RUN OUT THE CLOCK KICK A FG
"
The football gods want us to control our own destiny"
I honestly don’t trust that kicker to make a 30 yard kick
I said I hated the raiders earlier I’m sorry I meant I love the raiders
19 seconds. C'mon D
Oakland deserved to lose their franchise
Why don't you go for a td fucking Raiders
"NO HELP.

...as is tradition."
Oh God I can hear fitzpatrick smacking his gum while chewing his fucking cud
Why are these teams blowing the games in this fashion? Do they know we’re watching?
So what do we need to do to get to the playoffs
FUCK THE RAIDERS
I fucking hate the Raiders
That hurts lol
"Can the people saying ""ThAtS wHy YoU gO fOr ThE tOuChDoWn"" shut up? It was 100000% the right call. Just complete idiocy from their defence"
Raiders are the worst team in the league. Hands down. That game should not have even been close
BIG RETURN LETS GOOOOO
"**TOUCHDOWN, RAIIIIIDASSS!!!!!** (said like how Chris Berman says it.)"
"Almost a full quarter in and it's pretty apparent that Miami's run game (and offense, in general) is night-and-day better with Myles Gaskin than it is with Salvon Ahmed. Gaskin, returning from COVID-19, has 22 yards on just 2 carries whereas Ahmed has -2 yards on 4 carries. Their offense just has more spark with Gaskin on the field and it will be key for the Raiders to contain him for the remainder of the game.

Also, let me use this opportunity to tell all Ravens fans to draft both Gaskin and J.K. Dobbins next year in fantasy. That way, you can name your team *Gaskin Dobbins*..."
i am a josh jacobs fan for the next 1.5-2 hours
Hey diddle diddle?
I always wince as someone kicks other than Tucker. There’s always a good chance they’ll miss
"this defense is flashy then just nonexistent 

sounds familiar..."
It was so obvious! Fuck you Gruden.
Begging for a win in a game of teams inferior to our own makes me pissed off again about the circumstances surrounding our 3-loss skid.
That's just a horrible play call to run a draw
"Well it's been over an hour since I became a Raiders fan now, and I have this overwhelming feeling of hopelessness. Is this normal?"
Fucking losers
This raiders defense is making me extremely grateful for Wink
25-minute touchdown drive would be sick
Trash
What was that play design
Damn the Raiders are bad.
Fucking raiders
He had the lane too! 😩
Let’s go colts losing
Let’s go Jets!
Whiten is averaging 373K per catch this season. Why is he still in the league again?
"Season on the line 


“Let’s go to Jason Witten”"
As a Raiders fan for the last hour and a half that’s the effort I love to see out of my defense.
RAAAAAAVENS LEGEND
DARREN WALLER
Love waller
"Gruden’s Red zone play calling is fucking terrible, cost them the Chargers game."
these dudes get in the redzone and fold like a mf
Dumb ass Raiders 🖕🏼
"Man put Mariota in. Derek Carr is average af. Funny how fools out there would double down their lives on sticking and building around Carr since he's a ""pocket QB"" and will shit on mobile QBs like Lamar."
"Jacobs is getting 6.5 YPC

Gruden “Let’s not use Him inside the 10”"
HELL YEAH D
Yo this team is pissing me off this should be a blowout and 2 picks
Waller is the best TE since Todd Heap
I LOVE YOU WALLER
Still doing the Ravens work I see
Waller catches every ball wtf. Too bad it took getting cut from us for him to get clean. But god damn he’s turned it around
Why does carr always look like he has eyeshadow on
Incoming Tua comeback bcuz Carr sux
This game is giving me more anxiety than watching the Ravens. Plz Raiders
God. Carr is Garbage
LFG
BIG BOY SACK
thank everything for this defensive line
Any other game I’m rooting for tua.. not tonight!
A td here would be nice
Waller TD incoming
For fucks sake get Mariota in the damn game
"Just win this game, Raiders, and I, an obnoxious fan, promise never even to THINK about you ever again."
Hurts having to root against fitzmagic :(
Tua with a mask on under his helmet is extremely saddening for some reason
Nooooo! Don't do this to me Fitz.
Of fucking course
Plz fitz don’t do it
We need Fitztragedy
"December 26th is no longer boxing day, it is fuck derek carr day"
Please be Fitztragic tonight  pleeeease
Dolphins are mediocre as fuck yet super lucky these clowns should not be in playoff contention
I feel like I’m watching us play rn lol. I’m out here yelling at my screen
AFC East is the second worst division in football
Put in Mariota
Gruden lost this game I'm glad we have Harbaugh man we take him for granted
CAN I GET A BILLY CUNDIFF
For the love of god raiders convert a fucking third down and win this game.. the dolphins suck
Welp this is setting up for a massive disappointment
CLASSIC FUCKING CHOKE JOB COMING UP BOYS
FUCKING KICKERS
Plenty of time for them to blow it by one point now
"**HOLY SHIT, DEREK CARR!!!!!**

This game is like a classic 2013-2017 Ravens game."
"Throw this whole team in the fuckng trash 

- My raider fan dad after the missed Pat"
i hate the raiders
Are you fucking kidding me
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT
Fuck off
This year is just cursed for us all I can do is laugh LMFAOOOOO 😭😭😭
FUCKING TRASH GOD DAMNIT
Shut. The. Fuck. Up. Kurt.
That’s a horrible call lol
The ghost of Ravens Torrey Smith is smiling
"To further the (at least 2013-'14) comparisons to a vintage Ravens game, there's the Torrey Smith special!"
MILK THE CLOCK!!
I’ll take it but I definitely think that was not PI.
Weakest DPI I’ve ever seen. LFG LMAOO
"Bullshit DPI, BUT I'LL TAKE IT"
WOW. please run clock down kick a FG
Can we loan them Tucker for 10 seconds please
Two Jacobs runs. Two Miami time outs. Jacobs td run with 17 seconds left
"Their kicker is having a really good year, gonna chalk that missed PAT as a fluke."
NEUTRAL ZONE INFRACTION HOLY FUCK
After they missed that fuckin PAT I want them to score lol
Fuck that I don’t trust that kicker man
Holy fucking shit they're really going to bottle this
One team knew to use their better qb
goddamn it raiders
Fuck the Raiders WOW unbelievable
Fuck Jason Sanders too
"Going with the FG and 40 fewer seconds was the right call

Just absolutely awful defense when they needed a single stop"
HOPEFULLY THE DOLPHINS GET FUCKED TONIGHT. YOURE MY BOY DEREK! YOURE MY BOY!
"WHOEVER THE FUCK THAT WAS LET'S GOOOOO

^(renfrow i think?)"
In Renfrow we Truzz
LET'S GO CARR
"I'll take a FG there for sure, let's get another Raiders TD!!"
Field goal will do!
WALLER LUV U BB
Waller baby please
Fucking garbage ass carr
Derek Carr is fucking buns he doesn’t deserve Waller
God dammit Derek. The one thing you couldn't do.
Carr is trash
"Jacobs amazing


Carr trash"
"man fuck carr

always thought he was trash but jesus"
Carr is ass. We want Mariota!
How do you not see that coming if my ass on my couch can see that play clear as day lol
"The Raiders look so much like us right now. Offense has a consistent running game and still chooses to pass when it matters, which bites them in the ass. Defense is extremely hit or miss, either a flashy play or consistently getting gashed."
Snapper was obviously snapping towards that guy man how you not see that shit
Glad I don’t have to root for this ugly shit regularly
Great play calling
this is painful
That was the worst release I have ever seen in my entire life holy shit
Raiders D first half: fuck yeah lets go drop them for a loss shut down the crossing routes. Raiders D second half: duhhh which way do I shoot the ball
"[What did I say earlier?](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kktoj9/12262020_unofficial_week_15_saturday_night_game/gh4jcn6/)

The Raiders defense needs to keep Gaskin in check; and yeah, they didn't that drive with a 24-yard run and a TD reception to cap it..."
Jeez the raiders suck
The pain.
This is the team that beat the chiefs? Are you kidding me?
Just Brutal
Massive play here
There we go
Why does Jacobs only have 8 carries with Carr hurt?
Feed Jacobs. Please
Has Ruggs been targeted a single time tonight? I feel like that's important to do once in a while
Wish we still had Waller
I'm so happy for Waller man our boy is THRIVING
We should have sent Darren Waller to go pick up Ozzie's laundry the day we faced Oakland. FML
"okay carr

that was beautiful"
Yeeaaaaah waller!!!
im happy to see darren thriving
Hopefully he’s back 100% soon. He’s a stud
Carr and throwing the ball out of the end zone...
Jon Gruden is such an overrated coach
Jon Gruden's had all he can take.
It can’t be that hard to find darren waller in the endzone. Dude is like Yao ming size
Atleast we are ahead.. right
WALLER!!!
Waller's a beast!
Holy shit Waller is incredible
Carr rushed back because he knows if Mariota starts he's done as a starter
"Waller you fucking monster, oh my God!"
Carr is actually having a pretty good game against the #1 defense
"I know he isn't, but is Ruggs hurt?  Did he call Gruden Chucky or something?  Just trying to understand why I haven't heard much out of him tonight.  I guess Howard is doing his job?"
Did the red cross pay money for this song?
Where TF is Josh Jacobs? Is he injured?
YOU HAVE JOSH FUCKING JACOBS WHAT ARE YOU DOING
Raiders PR hasn’t said anything on Jacobs. No clue what the status is
Clutch sackkk
Let’s go on a seven minute td drive
Gruden finally used common sense and decided to give josh jacobs the ball!
Eff off Derek Carr
Oh fuck you raiders
Fuuuuuuuck
Wow go for a bomb in double coverage when you aren't in FG range
"god, the time you choose to run for it carr smh"
How are these teams in the playoff picture. Good lord
0/9 on 3rd down just retire Carr you garbage can
"Imagine being 0-for-9 on 3rd down conversions. Like, jeez; that's pitiful."
they should be up like 20
This is a shitshow of a QB battle rn come on Raiders
Not Fitz FUCK
1 FitzTragic please
Oh no. Oh no . Oh no no no no no
If fucking Warner talks one more time about Tua and Fitz rooting for each other.... Jesus let it go
Thats not an awful outcome all things considered. Derek carr needs to learn how to play QB though
HE ACTUALLY CAUGHT SOMETHING
He fucking missed the PAT... motherfucker
Shows how valuable Tucker is.
Hahahaha. We know how this ends now after that missed PAT
Bet the raiders lose by 1
How tf do you miss that
"R/ravens always believed in you Derek Carr, I swear."
Please Las Vegas defense PLEASE
Of course this idiot kicker misses
Did that really just happen and then that other thing happened?
You are fucking kidding me right?
"What is this shit, seriously..


Welp, 2 minute drill for the FG, Carr."
Fucking trash
...
I fucken hate the raiders
"Well, it's time for Derek Carr to re-reprove that he deserves to be the Raiders starting QB once more in 2021..."
I fucking hate this season
"okay carr

i need you again

i know i asked before and implied it was the last time but imma need one more"
"I have faith in Carr, I have faith in Carr, I have faith in Carr.


If I say it enough it might actually happen."
Raiders fucking suck. Learn to tackle you bums
Well thank you zebras
The ole Joe Flacco
I'll take one game winning drive please.
dont score quickly
Drain the clock kick for the win pls
Elite hard count
That was a smart play to get the flag
Yes theyre being smart
Dolphins get the ball back with 20 seconds.
WHY DIDNT YOU GO FOR TD ON 3RD DOWN PUSSIES?? YOUR DEFENSE IS ASS!!!
"Thinking about it, they might've wanted the TD here"
If Carlson misses this throw him off Hoover dam.
Carlson you are forgiven
YAAAAAA
Please dont fuck us Raiders Defense
WOW ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
They should’ve taken the TD
Hahahahah faaaadeee me
I fucking hate our luck
You know what fuck it don’t care what happens I fucking hate the raiders
"i hate the raiders

so so so much"
That's why you score the fucking touchdown!!!!!! Fucking terrible
"We only have ourselves to blame if Colts win tomorrow, that Pats loss was entirely winnable and GRo & the team fucked up."
This has to be the worst coaching I’ve ever witnessed
bruh lmao really
"Raiders are up there with the fucking Browns and Steelers from this day forward


What fucking pussy coach goes for 3 there??? Undisciplined fucks couldn't defend a hail mary"
Need that pick 26
delete your fucking franchise
Lol does anyone remember the 2008 playoffs when ed reed went dolphin hunting? Total classic
It’s literally so close we can taste it
DA RAIDAAAAAAAAAAS
Let’s goo Waller!
carr bruuuuuh
Nice return!!
Let’s go raiders hold that lead
Let’s go!!!!!
"Need Chris Berman with a classic “Da Raiders” after that glorious qb td. 

Edit: OP beat me to it"
Raider defense came to play!
Welp there goes raiders defense
"kind of funny raiders winning helps us out but us making playoffs eliminates them

raiders fans probably want us to fuck off lmao"
WALLER 😭😭😭
Carr throw the ball away you fool
Carr is so bad
Woah lol
That giant torch do be kinda sick tho
I know we all want this shit in the bag but this is a great start
Why are they winning the tiebreaker man our opponents that we lost to were better than theirs
Plsraiders find a td
FFS
FUCKKKKKK
everybody knew that was coming except the raiders ffs
Why is a drone asking about food
Really wish they would score tds instead of fgs but hey we cant be picky over here 😂
At least they are winning despite how bad they’ve been playing. That’s all we can ask for
"The raiders are making play after play on offense. Miami has struggled to put drives together. 

I feel good about the way this game is going. Still a whole half to go but the Raiders look determined"
i’m liking the raiders chances here and i’ve seen at least 4 plays so trust me
Raiders need to put in Mariota.
Is this game boring af or is it just me?
Raiders cant do anything right
Raiders D sux
Whelp
"YOU HAVE JACOBS

COME THE FUCK ON, BRO

like if you're gonna go for it, use him on 3rd first, you morons"
PAIN
Man these dudes fuckin suck
Fucking idiots.
Idk how people think Jacob's is any good his ypc is terrible
"J

E

T

S

JETS JETS JETS"
Hes been alright this game but damn man you cant get 1 yard!
Raiders get stuffed on 2nd &1 and think it'll work again lmfaooooo
I hate having to be a raiders fan
These announcers are ass
"fuck derek carr

all my homies hate derek carr"
gg y’all. 11-5 and missing the playoffs because Derek Carr stinks
"God these announcers are terrible, go back to fucking bagging groceries Warner..."
Put Marriotta in
Renfrow should've pulled a Proche on that one
Holy stiff arm bro
That was beautiful
Wow
Darren Waller is awesome. I’m glad he turned his life around.
"Is Jacobs hurt or something?   So strange how little he is in, but then he looks fine the few times he is in."
Jacobs has to be hurt. Haven’t seen him
"if waller isnt semiopen, carr has literally no idea what to do"
"if you're gonna do it figuratively, might as well come down here and shove the shotgun into my mouth literally, gruden"
FFS
This is making me so glad I’m a ravens fan.. Lamar would never
"Hey, tepid assholes, fucking score a TD. Maybe there’s a backup who could run one in."
SACK
STOP DROPPING PICKS FUCCC
Let me get a Jacoby Jones
"DARREN FUCKING WALLER

JESUS"
Yo Waller is dat dude!
21 pass attempts for 93 yards lmao
Decent return!
One more TD Raiders that’s all we asking for!
The raiders offense is suppose to be good and their defense is supposed to be really bad...
Nice punt return
LFG FLOCKGANG FINGERS CROSSED
Waller would have caught that
Ugh
"i want to die with this offense

holy fuck"
fuck
Three and out plz..
This offense is hot garbage w/ Carr in.
Fucking Fitzmagic time 🤦🏽‍♂️
Fitz magic incoming
Oh fuck me they put in Fitzmagic
Fuck fitz is in. Thats game
Fitzmagic is in. Shit
Is this a prank? Are we getting trolled?
Hopefully we get Fitztragic
Need a Fitz pick here
COME ON RAIDERS PLEASE
fuck the raiders all my homies hate the raiders
"Game over lol, COLTS PLEASE LOSE"
Trash
Fuck this man. And they’re gonna roll that fucking bum Carr back out there too.
So we’re now counting on a Derek Carr game winning drive. Let’s go colts losing
Fitzmagic strikes again.
Please force them to kick the FG
There are two lame ass teams
We just Carr to throw two 20 yard passes to Waller and we are golden.
If the raiders care about my mental health they will win this game
How you hold on a 1 yard run
WHOEVER SAID HE CANT CATCH YES HE CAN HELL YEAH!!!
Fuck
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Well we know how this ends now
"And there it fucking is, right?  Missed XP, god damn that gives me a bad feeling right now."
"Now I’m worried they did that too fast. Leaving too much time for Miami to answer back.

#Anxiety Increases

Edit: Of course he fucks up the extra point.

#ANXIETY INCREASES"
Carleson you idiot sandwich
fitzmagic bout to kill us
Lmfao shit is so rigged
u have to be fucking joking
Ughhhhhhhhhh raiders suck
THAT QUICKLY?!?!?!?!
Pain
42s effort on that play was literally embarrassing how do these guys make so much money and do that
I hate the raiders
whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy
Lmao. Their defense is fucking TRASH. That is embarrassing tackling
COME ON RAIDERS GAME WINNING DRIVE PLEASEEEEEE
Raiders let’s get it. Stunt the fuck out of these hoes right fucking now
You beautiful ref!! Thank you!!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
FLAG!!!!!
And the PI. Wow.
PASS INTERFERENCE LFG
Flacco special!
Raiders kicker is going to miss the game winning fg for sure
RUN THE FUCKING BALL
Please bleed the clock. Please.
YES REFS HAHA
NFL on some WWE shit lol
PASS INTERFERENCE YES GAWD
"Cmon dolphins, you know you just want to let them score!"
That was definitely PI. Guy horse collared him and clearly pulled him back
Milk the clock and the kick a field goal but I’m so scared to say that now
We need to steal that FB motion!
DONT ATLANTA IT
High IQ by Jacobs not scoring
YES KEEP RUNNIN
JACOBS WITH THE SLIDE I LOVE IT
This motherfucker better not choke again!
FUCK ME I THOUGHT HE MISSED
Fitz is going to fuck us. Isn't he?
#YESSIR RAIDERS
Come fucking on...
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE
"Hilarious, I can't believe this shit.


Fins are going to pull this shit out."
Ravens are just cursed there’s no fucking way
They played cover 2? So fucking stupid
WHAT A BUNCH OF FUCKING IDIOTS
This is what you get for not going for the touchdown
COME THE FUCK ON
Block this fucking kick!!
That was so much bad management. You gotta squib the kick...
Gruden should be fired but he won’t because Mark Davis is a cheap fuck.
What a comedy by LV. Hilariously bad.
Raiders are fucking GARBAGE.
Vegas passed on the td
Fuck you raiders. Fuck you
RAIDERS NEED TO JUST..... FUCK FUCK FUCK
Sorry ass Raiders franchise. No wonder they’re so fucking dogshit. Hope they get their asses destroyed next season and the rest of this season pathetic ass team.
We can’t even be happy
Fuck the raiders
Wow just wow
I wanna cry
Thanks Gruden!
PAIN.
I swear being a ravens fan is worthy of being clinically diagnosed with anxiety
that was such a horrible call lmfao
This is why you take the TD
Still can’t believe they didn’t go for the TD. And didn’t fucking cover a floater.
BRUH WTF WAS THAT DEFENSE ON THAT PLAY
HOLY SHIT THAT'S HUGE
Raiders can’t even fucking lateral the ball properly. What a shit fucking franchise.
The one yard line and you don’t go for it with one of the best backs in the league?
Where can you watch? On google it says ABC but apparently it’s just on NFL network...
You can tell Tua bout to have a shit game
👀👀👀👀
Fuck.
Fuck yea Carr!
Let's go!!
I’d love for another 3 and out
Every time I watch the Raiders play I just think to myself how the hell we let Darren Waller go...
Kyle Pitts please
Waller throw up that 34 when you get to the endzone again big dog
Jason Witton is still playing? Holy shit
Are you gonna throw it today man wtf
raiders gotta take their carr to the shop
Still in the lead atleast...
Looking good
Just keep feeding Jacobs!!
Big boi play call here Jon. Don't let me down.
Nice !
"LET'S GO CARR

FUCK THE DOLPHINS"
Fuck
Who got kickoff
This game tightens my sphingus every bit as much as our own
-________-
"I gotta say, the raiders defense is the most inconsistent I've ever seen. Some plays you drop the runner for a serious loss, and then the next play you give up 30, and then the next two you stuff"
Good play call Rod Marinara.I mean Rod Melanoma. I mean... Fucking whatever.
I begrudgingly accept that first half as reality
"Those commentators sure love to throw salt in the wound...
Just come through for us tonight, Waller."
Carr pls
Fuckkkkk
Raiders D: Not so fast. We got this.
yesssss
Let’s get a Waller jump ball for a td here. He’s taller than the entire team
Fuck. The. Raiders.
This is painful
More pain.
Hopefully the defense carries the load today
Clutch!
Let’s go D
"Defence is a bit hot and cold, but when their hot.. their fire!"
Great play
"Why do they put an ""n"" in tagovailoa's name? Is that how it's pronounced?"
Run on 3rd and 18???
How many commercials has harlan recorded for campbell's lol
Why did These mfs sit Jacobs for like 3 straight drives?
Jacobs is back!
Lmao how bad is their 3rd Down defense
WTF is this shit
Gruden sold
Carr is one of the most useless players in the NFL
Ugh
Oh fuck fitzmagic is in the game. The dolphins are gonna win
"Game over.
Fitzmagic gonna win them the game"
Both teams need to sub their QBs
Game. Over.
:(
Kill me
Fuck the beard
Fuck off
Fitzpatrick is about to light it up isn't he
God dammit
BRO WTF
"if they dont get a turnover, this is over"
This game is sadly over. Miami is going to take the lead here and Carr is going continue to be awful.
This fucking sucks
if everyone else wins out and the browns lose to the Steelers in week 17 do they miss the playoffs
FG LFG
Omg pls raiders 4 min drive
4th down and they are kicking!
Clutch! 3rd time I’ve said it what a game
Run the play clock down with your running backs plz take a page out of our book raiders!!
Still alive baby
GIVE THE BALL TO JOSH JACOBS
Derek Carr sucks. Put in Marcus you cowards!
Plz raiders. Plzzzzzzzzz
Carr is going to have a 27-yard throw to Waller on this drive. Book it
Let’s go under-achieving on purpose assholes!
I still really want the Colts L tomorrow even if the Raiders pull this off
Fuck yeah!
AGHOLAAAAAAAAAAAAR
AGALORRRR
Yessssssssss
TD HOLY FUCKING SHIT!
NO FUCKING WAY
BOOOOOOM
WTF WAS THAT!!? Lol
YESSSSS
Raiders are actually awful. This game shouldn't be close
Yesssszssss Nelson Agolohor I apologize for all the jokes I ever made about you.
HOLY FUCK YES
AGHOLOR!!!!!!!!!
JACKPOT BABY
I love you Derek Carr.
lol tucking kidding me right?
And then you missss!!
HE MISSED THE XP FUCCC
What a fucking play. Derek carr must’ve been reading our comments lmao
DICKS OUT FOR ANGELOR
"WE WAS CATCHING THEM

~~UNLIKE~~ JUST LIKE AGHOLOR"
thanks guys this the only way i’m keeping up they don’t show this game in oklahoma lol
"ThAt EliTe DoLpHiNs SeCoNdArY

Peters and Marlo laughin rn"
This kicker has been ass all night. I saw that shit coming
"I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT'S HAPPENING

I'M JUST CONFUSED ON HOW THE RAIDERS EVEN DID THAT

WHOLE TIME I THOUGHT 15 WAS RUGGS LIKE A DUMBASS LMFAO"
you have got to be kidding me raiders
One turnover.  CAN WE GET ONE
Nice tackle fuckhead
jfc
F
LOL this fucking season.
I’m done
Fuck gruden fuck carr fuck the raiders defense fuck the raiders
We can’t even count on a game winning FG at this point
Pathetic
Are you shitting me
Fuck the Dolphins. And the Raiders.
You guys think the bills will rest their starters next week?
Cmon Waller
Fucking raiders
Raiders are gonna march down to the 1 yard line. 4th & goal with 2 seconds left... annnnndd miss WIDE RIGHT. Calling it.
"I hate how wholesome Fitzmagic and Tua's relationship is, stop making me like you fucks!!!"
Fuck you daniel carlson fuck you!
Every time I see other kickers play Tuckers price goes up
Curse you Fitzmaggiiiiccc!!!!
It's going to come down to us pulling for the Steelers. Dear God. (we don't know who Buffalo is sitting next week don't wanna rely on that..)
??
lets gooo
I'll take it
DPI BABY
PASS INTERFERENCE
I'LL TAKE IT
Fuck yes!
Are you fucking kidding me they get a injury so they can't drain the clock i can't dude
IT'S HAPPENING
LET'S GOOOOO CARR
I’m salivating
10 MILLION IQ JACOBS
Little surprised they didn’t run it there.
If the Kicker misses this shit.........
It’s like 20 yards 🤔
Im going to punch a whole in my wall if he misses this
Nervous as fuck man
Phew that was nerve wracking
LETS FUCKING GOO
THANK YOU THANK YOU
Omg thank you jesus
I have a migraine now 😶
Way too fucking close for a gimme
"This game has been stressful, not very holiday spirit of the Phins and Raiders tbh"
Lmao all the shit we talked about derek carr and carlson...
"Fuckin Christ, almost had a heart attack"
GODDAMMIT
god youre joking
Unbelievable this is why you take the TD
Fucking idiots. Your defense sucks and you settle for a FG
Holy fuck plus a penalty
Ouch
"Lmao, this shit is retarded"
LMFAOOOOO CANT MAKE THIS UP
Sigh we’re cursed
This is really how we are going to kiss the playoffs un fucking believable
UN FUCKING BELIVEABLE
Fuck this bullshit season
Gruden is the worst coach in the nfl
Hey guy it’s not over!!!
1k comments
Id love to see the odds on td vs field goal for the raiders final offensive snap.
It'll be sad day if this boring ass Miami team gets a playoff spot over us.
KEEP RUNNING THE BALL
Well. We’re fucked. Not getting help tonight
We’re not making the playoffs. This is our luck
What a waste of my life.
MAYBE YOU SHOULDA TOOK THE TD???
3 and Out. Tua ain’t it.
"A couple of plays late; but man, Derek Carr just looks lost/scared whenever his first read isn't there."
We really are a spoiled fanbase because holy shit...
Ugh this is my fault. I just got off of work and turned on the TV at the start of this drive :(
I am in pain
Fitz is shredding them 🙄
Lol yep. GGs
Brian just had to pull some Fitz magic on us.
HOLYYYYYY WHAT A GOAL LINE STAND
JINX!
Plz no fake
Come on Raiders game winning drive right here
"PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF EVERYTHING, DEREK

PLEASE NOT BE ASS FOR ONCE"
LETS GOOOO
Wow I’m shocked the shitty Raiders D held up there.
In Waller we trust
"Let this drive be the Jacobs and Waller tour.  X has played Ruggs tight, so I can see staying away from that."
I can't believe Dolphins benched Tua for that drive
Questrade commercials are annoying. One person takes whatever the other person says way too literally in every single one.
Look at me iamanozzienewsome. You are the mod now
Ok Beirdo overthrew easy TD thank you Miami now hoping Carr can somehow not screw this up...
FUCK
Aaaaaand they start off with a hold lmao fuck
Oh fuck off raiders
Their OL has been trash since Good got injured
Of course the drive starts with a hold
you HELD and that's the run lane he was given
WOOHOO!!
OMG CARR
Lfg!
AGHOLOR YEEAAAHHH
Let’s gooooooo
Fuck yes
Wooooooooo
WHAT
HOLY SHIT LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
"ALL you trashing Carr, apologize!"
now keep the lead pls
Holy shit!!! Amazing!
NELSON FUCKING AGHOLOR
You son of a bitch
Who called it? Yess!
Noooooooo wtf
YEEEEEEEEESSSSS
Oh my god thank you!
DO YOU BELIEVE IN ABANDONED EAGLES WIDE RECEIVERS? YES!!
NOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOOO
WTF just happened
"OH SHIT

I THOUGHT THAT WAS RUGGS LMAOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Fuck
NICE!!!
Fucking hell. Missed PAT
Wow were going to lose by 1 point
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
SHADES OF HOLLYWOOD VS THE STEELERS
FUCK YOU RAIDERSSSS GOD DAMNITT
One more 3 and out and we have it...
And of course they miss the point after
#TOUCHDOWWWWWWWWWWNNNNNNNN RAIDERSSSSSSSSS
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. FUCK THIS BS.
Just when I started to breathe.
WHEW YEEES NELSON SAYS HAH HAH (and then the sh\*t kicker misses extra point...ugh)
"LOL, the jinx we of course were going to have jfc"
"Thank you, Nelson"
Rrrraidazzz
Pls raiders d
Wow.
lmaoooo
I hate life
THAT QUICKLY?!?!?!?!
Are you kidding me
Do these teams know what a clock is?
And because their kicker is dogshit you can’t even say just get in FG range
The defenders all lather themselves in butter before the game it’s the only way.  I’ve seen fucking pee wee where the kids tackle better then that.
Still 3 minutes drain this clock and kick a fg
"Kurt Warner can’t stop talking about how much tua and fitz love each other. He’s obsessed, its weird."
2.5 yd gain on second down and then a sneak please
Where’s my liquor. Holy fuck
"i do not trust this kicker 

imma need a td"
i cant tell who the football gods bet on this game
Fucking BRILLIANT!!!! FB moved SIDEWAYS!!!
Good shit Carr
OMGOMG
HAAAAA GOTEEEEMMM
Gruden is redeeming himself with this strategy
im torn here.....trust the kicker...or the defense..
Plz god Carlson
Please Football Gods 🙏🏾
Take my energy
I’m nervous
I wish I could watch this game :(
Thank fuck
Fuck yes
Let’s go!
We’re so close
Let’s go!!!!
Fucking hell.
Honestly it would be very fitting if the dolphins still won.
They blew it
Miami can kick a FG ...
Wow fuck my life
Time for the ol’ 19-second drill
HOW DID THEY BLOW IT
NOOOOOOOOO
Oh lord
PLEASE DONT
Of course
Wow Raiders are so fucking dumb. Stupid fucking franchise
We're cursed
How are they this fucking bad
Oh my fucking God
Hahahahahahahahaqhagahavaba
42?
"Good fucking kicker too, you know he is nailing this."
OF FUCKING COURSE. 😡
Fuck man.
Fucking garbage
Fucking ridiculous
That’s a crazy throw damn
Madden 22 looks very realistic wow
jfc..
"Normally I'm all for some fitzmagic. But please, not tonight."
Fuck D. That was embarrassing.
"So, so, so *so* stupid. Unbelievable."
Hahaha fuck me
pain.
Fuck
Pain
Fuck the raiders
Raiders would fuck up a wet dream.
I never could stand Jon Gruden and I sure as shoot can’t stand him now.  Knock if you’re with me.
That defense was Greg Williams-esk
Jacobs is overrated
It might literally take the Dolphins taking a lead for Mariota to get put in
We’re gonna do it.
I guess we have to do it ourselves.
We’re not making the playoffs. Calling it now
Get absolutely fucked
"I want a white WR again, please.


He just pulled a hell of a move on that punt return."
If it comes down to a FG he’s gonna miss. I know it. Gotta milk the clock and score a TD
[i said it ](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kktoj9/12262020_unofficial_week_15_saturday_night_game/gh4y6ig/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf&context=3) ☹️
"&#x200B;

[wow.](https://preview.redd.it/2uer2xxznm761.png?width=1366&format=png&auto=webp&s=0b192e6bcfda4482aea67884cd03628189d695ae)"
He probably would have ended up a Patriot
In hindsight idk how tf the league let Lamar drop to 32. This trade up to 32 will be legendary one day.
"#3 Beathard
Beat hard?"
BeathRAD
"His uncle was one of the greatest quarterbacks in Towson University history, a local legend who once threw for 466 yards in a game. So put some respect on that name: BETH-erd!"
I know the correct way but I still say Beat Hard.
"Poor guy, I bet he was teased a lot while growing up. But apparently he's done well enough to make it as an NFL QB, so good for him."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kktwxj)"
Dupree. He has inner knowledge of our number one rival.
I doubt Dupree goes anywhere
None I like who we got in those positions
I brought up Harris in the last FA prospect thread. And he’s [good af.](https://youtu.be/lecMmQU48vw)
"Isn’t thuney one of the top guards in the league, he definitely is not a role player"
"I just gotta say at first I was like what’s with this guy and the caps lock, but as time goes on I’m like I really love your energy."
Not Dupree because he would bring the Steeler stench. Any of the others.
Aside from maybe Houston because of his age none of these will be paid like role players.
"Don’t pay attention so not sure if his character, but if we’re going on pure talent/skill? Dupree for sure."
""
>Nelson Agulahr
My man Steve Smith not understanding how contracting viruses work smh..
"We are Raiders fans today, boys. We need to remember this phrase throughout the game. JUST WIN BABY"
If they win they get a partial pass for the ghost to the post
MariGOATa
STOP THE COUNT!
Update: hoes are being stunted on
josh jacobs so good
Stunt on these hoes
LETSS GOOO RAIDERS
We play NFC north and AFC west next year.
Packers and Chiefs games will most likely be 2 of our prime time games next year
I'm saying it right now RodgerstoJordy is off limits in this sub. He may as well be part of the flock
"Exciting! Always love the Chicago and Minnesota matchups. Plus, as a Michigan native, theres always the chance at seeing the Ravens play in Detroit."
And possibly an extra random NFC team if the 17 game schedule goes into effect
"With the way the NFC north looking like a joke I don’t see much changes to it next year. Minnesota is stuck with Kirk, Detroit still going to be the worst team in the NFC and Chicago ain’t very good either. AFC west .. ugh here we go again with the chiefs but raiders Broncos and Chargers should be easy Ws. Herbert does scare me tho he looking like a monster in his rookie year. But as this shit show of a season taught me never underestimate your schedule no matter how tough or easy. It’s looking like another cupcake schedule for us"
"Yes YES!

Let’s go"
""
[deleted]
I have no confidence. That was an obvious fake punt and they still could not defend it
The Raiders are trash.  From play calling/time management to execution of simple plays like extra points.  Pathetic.
how tf are you 0-9 on 3rd downs and not getting destroyed
Carr is honestly some ass
Please put Mariota in smh.
B U M S!
">No.


-Jon Gruden"
Cannot rely on anyone! We only have ourselves to blame tho.
Fuckin raiders got fitzmagic'd
I took a nap and just woke up and now I’m tachycardic (as is tradition)
Can’t bet on the Raiders lol
I wanna die
"I’d say to boycott Hooters but no one goes there anyway. Eff you, Gruden"
Carr is a relative statue even without a groin injury. He (or more accurately Waller) better win this game or Gruden looks like a fool for not starting Mariota. If Carr loses there's a decent chance it's his last start as a Raider.
""
Rule #1. Don't fuck with another team's subreddit.
Let this be the last time you do this like honestly there’s no need to be friendly at all way I see it the whole nfl hate us right now
You deserve it a little
"I always try to avoid doing stuff like that because of that very reason. Of course we’re rooting hard for the Raiders, but they need us to lose in order to save their own playoff hopes.

It’s a really weird situation lol"
"Good on them, I was we had that attidtude towards shit like that. Posts like that are beyond cringey."
"they arent here to help us

they trying to save their season which involves us losing, they want nothing to do with us"
"I only go to other teams subs if I have something to actually contribute. No need for a whole post about that, I'm sure they have a game thread where you can chime in."
"There’s a 60s, Rat Pack Vegas simplicity to the response."
🤣
Fuck that's funny
They are pretty aggressive over there lol
Nah they're still salty over their covid punishment and the lack of ours
did you try it?
""
Brett Hundley?
Nice to see.
"Trace must still not be 100, or they plan on both in the 4th"
Hope this means goodbye to RG3
I’m curious
If the dolphins lose tonight we can lose to the giants but not the bengals
If we lose to the Finley bengals or the shitty ass no saquan possibly colt mccoy giants we don’t deserve to even make the playoffs
This man keeps making crazy ass catches
This Darren Waller was never on the Ravens. He had to get through some shit to get to where he is now. Just be happy for the guy. Gotta love a good redemption story.
He could have been ours
Substance abuse ruined him for us
""
"Yes, finally. All the scenarios don't matter unless the Ravens handle their business. The rest is out of their control."
FUCK YEAH
"Yessir!!!!!!

Edit: This mf gon miss the extra point smh"
Derek Carr is forever a G to me i dont give a fuck
OMG he missed the extra point
LETS GOOOOO!!!
""
Miami fucked up bad ever benching this guy. Idiots
"One of these teams realized they had a better qb on the bench

Pretty sure gruden and carr are the only 2 people on the plane who thought a hobbled carr was the play.. I saw multiple 3rd down opportunities for carr to just jog for a first down, but he was physically incapable. Some ""hero"" he is"
I’m a dolphins fan I came to see what you guys were saying about the game and I’m glad I came a
[deleted]
HOW DO YOU MISS THAT EXTRA POINT
 lets GOOOOOOOOOO PI
That was a crazy throw by Carr
"Wooooo.

But seriously, make the XP...  what the hell is going on with kickers this year??"
FUCK
BRUH THE KICKER SHANKED IT WE ARE SO LUCKY FOR TUCK
[deleted]
Let’s go Nelson! Stunt!
"this is pure 2020 ravens

edit: right on time, as expected"
Lol
... but the raiders offense...
A packets win would probably screw us
Yup..
pain
They just let us down
You called it!
[deleted]
There’s still time
Pain
[deleted]
"What is this dramatic bullshit, there’s still time for him to redeem himself."
This is a BS argument. You can't blame other teams for the Raven's situation. I hope we make the playoffs but I ain't gonna pass the blame off.
"Raiders, not raiding. 

Name a more iconic duo."
Lots of things that can happen. Stop being a doomer.
You mean the best kicker in Auburn history
"I told you all how none of the teams the Ravens needed to lose would lose but I was down voted for truth telling. 

Now its rooting for the Steelers and Jets lol"
[deleted]
LETS GO
Refs are on our side for once!
Nelson Agholor and Derek Carr are taking care of us
That was a bad call tbh but I’ll take it :D
Lol you spoiled the play... my tv slow asf
I love Agholor
[deleted]
""
"not 100% sure why that was PI, a little tacky for my liking, but i’ll sure as hell take it lmaoo"
[removed]
A big shout out to the refs for being dogshit at their jobs
""
"I saw one of these for Lamar a couple months ago, did it get deleted?"
A for effort
This used to be semi clear lmao
Elite dragonslayer no McNair
""
"Loan, like in soccer."
Yes
[deleted]
"Hurts that we got rid of Waller, but its nice to see him ball out."
[deleted]
NOT YET
No one cause Dolphins about to win lmao.
There won’t be one now
No one
Fuck you
"Just almost had an unfortunate accident. Bad snap, kick going right. Thank goodness it went thru"
And then they came thru with a different kind of accident.. 😫
[deleted]
I never thought I would find myself being this big of a Raiders fan...
[deleted]
"Raiders fan until this game ends lol

LET’S GO RAIDERS"
[deleted]
[removed]
Damn the raiders are so fucking pathetic defensively
You can say fuck on the internet
Sliding before the end zone looks silly now. Lame coaching.
OMG they are going to blow this
They really fucking suck
[deleted]
There goes our playoff spot
[removed]
Yeah that wasn’t a clear fucking hold they showed literally 6 times on live TV
[removed]
"I have a 2 part question for the raiders. 
1. Raiders suck
2. Go fuck yourselves"
We're deadass going to miss the playoffs at 11-5 while a .500-or-worse team hosts a playoff game in the NFC all because all three of the other AFC wildcard teams are going to win out. Calling it now.
Let's not forget the texans last week against the colts when they fumbled the ball on what should have been a game winning TD. The texans are useless too. Seriously not getting any help here.
Absolutely infuriatingly useless
True.
Even more worthless than we thought
Fucking. Useless.
[removed]
[removed]
That’s so fucking stupid
""
That pisses me off for real wtf was that game
[removed]
[removed]
Why the fuck wouldnt they go for the touchdown on the 1
What a god awful screw up by the Raiders. How do you manage to lose that.
Can’t believe we might get fucking eliminated on a Hail Mary by Fitz fucking Patrick... I turned off my tv thinking game was over after the raiders FG 2 seconds later this shit happens. Why do we never get help man
"must be hard being a raiders fan, because pretending to be one for a single game was fucking painful"
Go Pittsburgh tomorrow
Fuck me
Champagne. No cham.
Fuckkkkkkkkkkk
They literally showed the clearest goddamn hold 6 times on replay. Fuck the Refs I’m so goddamn tired of their bias absolutely fucking games
All they had to do was play defense for like 20 seconds. Fuck them
Why not take the TD there?
[removed]
Unbelievable.
Bad teams find a way to lose
Karma came knocking for the Raiders
[removed]
Dude they had one fucking job. How do let that happen.
Fuck their coaching staff
Nothing goes our way the raiders fucking suck
"da'fuck.

they had the fucking TD. Their kicker had already missed a extra point. you don't slide there. you don't kneel there. take the fucking points, they are  getting the hail mary chance regardless."
That could the be most raiders thing possible holy fuck man
[removed]
No fuck the Raiders
[removed]
""
Ugh.
We're cursed
To not take the td... so stupid
Got Fitzmagiced. It happens
Who in the hell would take a FG instead of a TD? I know clock management but if you score the touchdown the other team has more pressure
[removed]
No
Never
No
Fuck that
Nah I'm good
Hell nah but you bet your ass I’m rooting for the Steelers tomorrow
"Yes... anyone who can’t just swallow their pride and root for Pitt for the greater good, is a fucking moron"
For once in my life I think I might root for the Steelers........ I’m dying on the inside
[deleted]
[removed]
Cannot catch a break
[removed]
How do you like not having a starting QB going into the playoffs ?
Fuck outta here brigading cunt
Imagine being a dolphins fan
Younger than your last playoff win
week 1 last year preferably
fuck
Gruden should sacrifice his DC on live TV
FUCK THE RAIDERS. MY GOD THAT WAS FRUSTRATING
That was the biggest choke job I have ever seen in a football game.  If your defense is that bad then score the TD and see if they can score a TD to beat you going the length of the field.
We're really going to miss the playoffs at 11-5 because the Raiders didn't try another run for a quick TD.
Even when we’re not playing we’re fucking losing
Gruden is gonna be avoiding Baltimore for the next 10 years now
I was a raiders fan for one day and I most definitely want to fucking stab somebody. I get it now.
hate the raiders
Jesus Christ that was bad. Gruden is a fucking imbecile
Missed the extra point. Got scored on again. Got bailed out on a massive PI call. Fg with less than 20 left. Defense chokes... the raiders just fucked me silly
"That was the most inept display to finish a game. I was rooting for them to punch it in for a TD and leave under a minute on the clock for the Dolphins to score a TD instead of 19 seconds for a field goal. Then they go and leave a guy wide open deep on the sideline (what are you covering when they have no timeouts?) and try to rip Fitzpatrick's head off in the same play to instantly give them field goal range. Threw a high floaty ball too that should've been picked off, but nobody was near him.  Yikes"
I hate being in the position of needing help if only we didn’t look like a wet noodle against the remains of Cam Newton and Rex Burkhead lmao
I’m not even mad bc I knew the second Fitz came in we were fucked
How do you remove the QBs head and *still* give up a 34yd pass lol.
"Had a feeling them refusing to score the TD would result in a loss. Raiders defense is one of the worst in the league, not even that surprised Fitz moved the ball in 20 seconds. Tua also fucking sucks, so hopefully he starts next week.
And also fuck the raiders kicker."
FTR
My god that was so fucking stupid.
As soon as they missed the PAT I knew
Didn’t think the Jets’ late-game defense could be topped but somehow it was done by the team that benefited from that same defense
Let's never forget there's a very good chance we wouldn't of had to rely on the Raiders if it wasn't for Steve Saunders. Fuck you Steve 🖕
[called it!](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/kktpe3/game_thread_miami_dolphins_95_at_las_vegas/gh4w6xn/)
[deleted]
Is a brownie allowed in for this one? Lol fuuuuuck the Raiders Wtf was that
I officially hate the raiders more than any team in the history of the nfl
I can’t believe I watched that entire trash fire game just for the Raiders to eat fucking crayons in the final moments
"So, you settle for a field goal when you’re down by that many points then, you blitz fitz?? Raiders coaches are fucking morons"
I just couldn’t shake off this feeling that the Raiders were gonna find some creative way to fuck something so easy up. 20 seconds and your defense blows a coverage *and* grabs the QB face mask on the same play? How does a team fuck it up *that* hard?
It’ll be alright if the colts or browns lose tomorrow right?
Fucking hate the Raiders
Fuck the raiders
God(and I cannot stress this enough ) dammit
"Go Steelers? 

🤮"
Fuck the raiders I've seen pillows harder than that defense
They intentionally didn't score a TD.. what Bravado.. Fuck the Raiders!
I can't believe I wasted my Saturday night cheering for such a crappy team. Ugh I feel like I need to take a shower.
Don’t fret guys. I think you can still get in. I hope someone helps you guys out.
"There were 19 seconds left after the kick.

If they direct snap to Carr on 3rd down before the kick, he should be able to waste at least 5 seconds without losing a whole lot of field goal range by just staying back while the OL protects. The defense is expecting a kneel, so they probably won't be too aggressive at first. 

Then if they force a kickoff return that's another 5 seconds off the clock easily, probably more.

Dolphins get the ball back with, at most, 9 seconds if the Raiders waste more time. And then you're just playing hail mary coverage at that point—less to fuck up.

Just a dumb and unnecessary loss."
Hope everyone’s ready for the Chiefs to run through the AFC to an easy super bowl win. I don’t trust any team to challenge them.
#FUCK YOU LAS VEGAS RAIDERS
Their defense fucking sucks fr
"As a Raider fan, I fucking hate the Raiders too man."
If that clown had gone for any other part of Fitz other than his fucking face mask that pass wouldn't have connected. But nope not only did he not disrupt the pass enough he drew a penalty that got the dolphins within easy field goal range. Unbelievable.
If 2020 was a last quarter of a football game
What a lousy defense. Wow.
"Well. Guess we need a fucking Steelers win tomorrow. 

Ugh"
I really don't want to root for Pittsburgh tomorrow.
"What the heck did I witness? 

Like 15 seconds left, Fins no timeout, and they do that. Can’t count on LV.....at all."
"This is why I am a firm believer of always taking the points, screw the extra 40 seconds if you run and don't get in you burn the time anyways. All it takes is one broken play to change the game."
"Yeah I guess you can say the Raiders suck if it makes you feel better. Ryan fucking Fitzpatrick hits a deep pass to a crappy receiver while his head is dragged around by a facemask grab... sometimes you just fucking get beat.

What I hated was not scoring the TD when you have the ball on the one. Why? To use more clock? Geez, just play football."
Where do I sign up to be DC for the raiders?  There must be just a sign up sheet somewhere and no requirements.  I wouldn't mind living in Vegas and getting paid for shitting on the raiders.
"At the end of the day, I didn't think the raider were gonna win. They played shit for quite a bit before this game, and the Fin played are on a roll. The annoyance came from how close they got.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

As they say, it's on to shittsburg!!!! (and new jersey lol)"
"So now our playoff lives rest on (probably if Bills beat Pats on MNF) Matt Barkley and a bunch of backups in week 17. 

God damn you Raiders....damn you all."
It's our own fault for losing games we could have won.
"Do not fret Ravens fans, the dolphins lose vs the Bills and you win out, and you're in.

You have a better chance than us to make the playoffs."
Now that we're in for now...FUCK THE RAIDERS
"I already hated rooting for them because my ex girlfriends racist step dad likes them, and then they went and screwed us over. Now the raiders are like 4th on the I hate your team list"
Chiefs winning the SB is inevitable anyways.
The only hope for the Ravens lies in Aaron Rodgers so I can't wait to see him throw 5 picks vs the Titans and Derrick Henry running for another 250 tomorrow.
Fuck
Can someone plz explain how Chucky is an NFL coach?
"I almost hate the Raiders more than the Steelers.

....almost."
Gruden is pathetic... $100 mil🙃. Now we all know the Jets threw that game to the Raiders.
Why the fuck did the raiders not run in for an easy td? Tf were they thinking with that field goal did anyone tell gruden’s dumbass that it was 3rd down?
Fuck the Raiders for letting Gaskin shit on them and then losing in the last fucking seconds
We have literally gotten zero help from anybody but ourselves since the midpoint of the season. It's maddening
That game legitimately made me fucking sick
Shit bro if we dont make the playoffs and the bears in the nfc make it.......... fuck man ima cry 😥
"I just don't understand.

5/7 point lead with a minute left
-Or-
2 point lead with 20 seconds left

I want a TD lead Every. Single. Time."
Fuck. The. Raiders.
"Should we start a ""Week 16: Blame of the game"" for them?"
Fuck the raiders
I’m a Green Bay fan but Ravens my #2 as I now live in Bmore. Hoping packers can secure the 1 seed by beating Titans tomorrow and I assume that could help the Ravens as well
SCORE THE POINTS FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY
So does anybody have an updated breakdown of our playoff scenarios after this Dolphins win? I'm just gonna be piiiisssssssed if we go 11-5 and miss out.
The Raiders were hoes and the Dolphins strutted on them. Now we have to hope the Colts lose to the Jags or the Titans lose to the Packers and Texans. Otherwise Pittsburgs needs to win and no one wants that.
Palate cleanser... https://youtu.be/C__R2dGa6qs
"Don’t worry boys, the NFL knows nobody wants to watch the dolphins in the playoffs. They won’t let them beat Buffalo"
"How many DBs were the Raiders playing down field? It looked like only 2 or 3. Just, Why?"
Its over dude. We now rely on Pittsburgh seasons over
"they’re freaking useless 😂, i hate them with all i have"
We play the AFC West next year and I hope we stomp the Raiders so bad that Mark Davis has to fire Davis because a fan boycott started from the stomping.
I just don't know how you can realistically play Cover-2 there.
The dumbest fucks who ever fucked.
"man this sucks, as a fan of the game, that ending was insane! some of the most wild last 4 minutes ive ever seen but gruden should be canned"
"Goddamnit, I'm a Liberty fan. I just want to enjoy the bowl win without being pissed at the Raiders for pissing on our playoff chances"
Are the ravens 11-5 and missing? I have such an awful feeling about it.
That boi chucky fleecing that organization lmfaooooo 10 years/100 milli😂😂😭FUCK THE RAIDERS!!!!!!
Why tf you don’t get the TD there!?!?
Something we can both agree on
"Can’t put into words how frustrating that was to watch but, on top of going against Gaskin (and Kamara last night) in a Fantasy final, I can confirm I have consumed a lot of alcohol in the past two evenings."
I still think they should've scored the touchdown but at the very least run around a bit on the kneel down. And taking the timqout prior to the kneel was dimb af. Bad situational football there Chucky.
"I went to high school with the guy who caught the pass (Mack Hollins), tho he was 2 years ahead of me. Didn’t know him like at all but I’ve always rooted for him bc of him going to my school.

Got damn do I wish he wasn’t in the NFL rn tho lol"
 Gruden should sacrifice his DC on live TV
"I can *almost* forgive going down at the 1, if *only* to burn 40 more seconds, assuming you're going to try to score on 3rd and 1 at the 1. But to kneel it out while you're ***CURRENTLY LOSING THE GAME!?***

Why are you employed in the NFL?"
Shouldnt be a suprise when needing us to do something
I don't understand just taking a knee on 3rd down at the goal line.
What exactly is needed for the Ravens to make the playoffs now?
Choke artists
KC checking in. Fuck the Raiders.
Why tf can’t the Raiders do one thing right? Just have fun with overpaying a TV analyst while we continue to ball with Harbaugh and Lamar that’s all I can say I’m just happy that our franchise is miles above theirs no matter what happens this year we will be back next year and the year after that and the year after that. That’s what the flock does we product greatness and don’t overpay for a name like Gruden or AB. I hate the Raiders and have fun in NFL purgatory
Does this mean we’re fuked ?
"Haha fuck the Raiders is our subs’ mantra

FTR"
wow.
"A new rivalry had been born. That said, we put ourselves in this situation. 4 of our 5 losses had been by less than 7 points if I'm not mistaken. We gotta do better."
"Grudens strategy was sound.That missed XP forced that.With Fitzmagic being as hit as he was,you want to give him as less time with ball in his hands as possible.The odds of two boneheads plays on defense simultaneously were dim."
"Chiefs fan here.

I love you guys.  But I fucking hate the Raiders more.  
Fitzmagic is real.  Bless the fitz."
That was a Dean Pees level failure
"For those asking why Gruden pussied out and score the td:
1. Miami scored a TD in the previous possession with 48 seconds. Gruden wanted to prevent that.
2. Remember what happened on mnf Ravens vs Browns when the Brownies scored too fast and we had time to score?
3. Remember when Todd Gurley scored a td (the defenders let him through) and the falcons blew the lead?"
"No hate from me.
We put ourselves in this position. This is our fault."
We need 1 fucking game to go our way. 1 fucking game and we haven't gotten it. This is infuriating.
How in the hell did they fuck that so badly???
Man what a fucking collapse. I work with a Dolphin's fan that is going to be absolutely insufferable
Browns will lose today
"Late to the party, but F that incompetent franchise."
They lose but they score enough so the dolphins D has a terrible week during fantasy championships
Biggest blue balls of my fucking life
I know mandrews is good but I’m still pissed that Gruber got Waller off of us even though he was on the bench
"Dolphins are garbage as well, pure luck"
Fuck the raiders and fuck the dolphins
FUCK THE RAIDERS AND FUCK THE GIANTS FOR NOT BEATING CLEVELAND THE OTHER DAY! BOI WE GOTTA TEACH THEM A LESSON TODAY
"I seriously think the Ravens may come out completely flat and lose tomorrow. After seeing that, one must think that this is simply not your year."
WELP.....THROW ON THAT STEELERS JERSEY BOYS 😥
"If you have to rely on other teams losing in order to make the playoffs then you don’t deserve the playoffs anyway 🤷🏼‍♀️

Lol downvote all you want but it’s true"
The game passed Gruden by in 2000 fuck me what a goon banish the team and coaching staff to the Nevada badlands and let nature reclaim their new monument to shit
"Yeah, fuck the Raiders for blowing that. 

But if the Ravens didn’t blow a lead to the Titans, totally blow across the board against the Patriots, and have an uncontrolled covid outbreak so no starters played against Shitsburgh, this wouldn’t be an issue. A win in any of those games almost guarantees a playoff spot, and 2 wins locks it up. The team blew their chance to control their own destiny, and this is what happens. Take care of your own business so you don’t have to rely on bum ass teams to not do bum ass things. It’s that simple."
LETS GO FINSSSS
"How about an official “dont lose to the shit patriots thread”. I’m just as upset with the raiders as the rest of everyone but if we don’t lose games we’re supposed to win, it’s gonna haunt us later on. Every game counts in the NFL"
[deleted]
what the fuck
They should’ve gone for  the td.
[removed]
I hate everything
[removed]
[removed]
""
Why would you not take the td. It's so much harder to score a td in 1 minute than. It is to get in field goal range in 20
"If ever you aren’t feeling confident, just remember dipshits like him get multiple years as head coaches in the NFL despite their clear inability to coach at all"
"Trust me. As a Raiders fan, I know. Dude is wasting Waller and even Carr's prime."
$100 million..
Kneeling was the right call. 2 men deep on the deep ball - that is inexcusable
"I mean, playing cowardly would've worked if they didn't give up the big play AND a penalty. Literally anything less than what happened would've been survivable."
"No one:

Jon Gruden: Let's run Cover 2 when FitzMagic is gonna throw it deep"
The $100 million dollar moron
Blame your own team for not winning enough
LFGGGG DOLPHINS
[removed]
That’s the dumbest fucking penalty I have ever seen. That AND blown coverage??? GAH
[removed]
[removed]
""
[removed]
i’m so fucking mad rn holy shit
Lol not even surprised it was the freakn raiders.
Missing an extra point... that’s how. Fucking trash.
Prevent defense... always a mistake
God please let the colts lose tomorrow
"Fuck the Raiders.

Also, fuck the Steelers."
It is always fuck the Steelers tho
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Should’ve quit while he was ahead when he won the Super Bowl
Why would I even try
"I'd fire him on the spot. Eat his contract, I wouldn't care. Most BS play calling ever."
Sorry but Gase is still employed somehow
Steve Saunders
Taking the time off the clock and kicking the field goal was the right call by all accounts. You really gonna blame Gruden for a blown coverage and the most obvious facemask you can make?
[deleted]
Facts but don't forget the raiders cornerbacks
Or the refs giving the steelers 1.5 wins against us
[deleted]
[removed]
Jesus fuck they are so bad
Now imagine putting your hopes in the Jets and Steelers tomorrow
[removed]
""
FUCK THE RAIDERS
[removed]
Lord forgive me but I know I must root for the Steelers tomorrow 😞
I agree with the play where he stopped at the one to help burn up the clock. But was yelling at the tv when they spiked it instead of trying to go for the TD.
Gruden & Co. thinking back to how Falcons blew it earlier in the year vs the Lions and knew they weren’t safe given how garbo the Raiders defense is.
[removed]
What a terrible organization
[removed]
[removed]
"that facemask was next level stupid holy shit

hopefully thats the last raiders game i ever have to watch"
""
Fitzmagick was so fun to watch when he was trashing the Patriots’ dreams this time last year. Not quite the same feeling tonight.
[removed]
""
ONG BRO THE FRICK WAS THAT 😡😡😡
Yeah bad play but it’s 100% on the DBs/play call not on him
Dude put his hand on the mask 😡🤬
[removed]
"Nah, I still have faith we get in.


The Colts are without their starting tackles tomorrow, so I really think they are going to struggle versus the Steelers D.  Now, if the Colts win, I will start to worry a bit more."
[removed]
"Dolphins were out of timeouts, clock was more important than points in that situation. If the defense had done their job, it would have been fine."
[removed]
Fuck Gruden
Hope he gets fired after this debacle
"Just watched Baltimore’s best chance slip away to Gruden’s bad play calling. How are you all feeling, what’s our next best option?"
Win out and hope Bills beat Dolphins
Just need Colts or Browns to lose one right?
Colts lose tomorrow and hope is back alive we just need 1 team to drop one..
"I don’t understand why people are so worried. If we win out, we just need 1 loss out of a total of 5 games (2 Browns, 2 Colts, 1 Dolphins), and we’re in.

I’ll worry next week."
I’m rooting for a Browns v Steelers for the division n the Browns lose missing the playoffs entirely.
Steelers winning
[removed]
Gruden is such a shit coach
Running out the clock was the correct strategy. Unfortunately they still left too much time for Fitzmagic.
[removed]
[removed]
Are you kidding me
[deleted]
Worst fuckin game ever
"fuck gruden

fuck carr

fuck whoever decided that coverage

fuck the whole team"
"I don't want to hear how the Ravens should have won more games. No team in the 16 game season NFL would have EVER missed the playoffs with 7 seeds at 11-5. Ravens would be the first. Fucking so unlikely to happens it's ludicrous. Most people thought the 7 seeds was going to be 7-9 to 9-7 teams. 

How the fuck did the Raiders blow that. Making us root for the Steelers damn."
That was fucking stupid football
The autumn wind is a fart
Wtf were they thinking kneeling.. incompetent af
Gruden may actually murder that guy who did the face mask. They were just outside of Sanders’ FG range where the catch occurred so things could be a lot different.
So is the dream over?
