text
""
The bengals one is kinda embarrassing
Really should have won that first matchup with Mahomes smh.
Technically under Lamars reign only been 3 cons. games and that’ll end this year. Got yo back Lamar.
"Idk if you're allowed to say the ""only"" teams and then list 6 of them lol"
"And three of those streaks are from the late 90s. Not the best Ravens teams.

Isn't one of those 00s Indy games the garbage Ismail non OPI call (should have been OPI) when he played for Indy, saving their game?"
I feel like one of these teams gets progressively better in this match up every time and it's not us. I'm hoping for 2-0 but I'm not really expecting anything other than 1-1
All the shitty things we’ve had to endure the past couple of days and you go ahead and add to it smh
So it happened 6 times with a change for a 7th by our 26th season? Doesn't seem all that rare.
This is kind of an embarrassing stat to flaunt
"I don’t need to see this, dude"
They’ll do it. Sorry but we can’t beat KC.
"I usually give the Ravens at least a chance to beat just about anyone, but I’ve resigned myself to the Chiefs just being insurmountable. They just match up unbelievable well against this team."
KC will beat us like a drum.
Interesting stat but idk how this translates into anything meaningful
"Correction to this, it was actually the 2013-2015 Bengals and the 2002-2009 Colts. Was looking at some January games, when I gathered these stats, oops. The Ravens actually won their first game against Cincinnati in the 2016 Season, and the Ravens did not play against Indianapolis in the 2010 Season. Thanks for reading!"
[removed]
"Google calendar shared with me for the season and I can share it here. You should be able to add it to your own if you run google calendar at all.  Hopefully this is allowed and the spam filter doesn't catch it.

https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/1?cid=dGFvOTFvczRqa2E2MjRodTZtcW5kcm1hcGdAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ"
Mod sticky / about / wiki?
[removed]
Who the fuck jumps ship if the team does bad. If you stop cheering for a team that does bad you were never a fan in the first place. You're just a bandwagon jumper.
"I feel the same, idk what it is about this season but despite all the injuries I think we're really going to thrive with this underdog mentality"
These injuries suck but they moved the spread of the Raiders game a whole half point. Acting like the season is even close to over is insane. The thing to worry about is the multiplier affect of more injuries over the season.
"Im not giving up on the season before week 1 has even been played, but damn why we gotta make it an uphill battle. I definitely don't think we're a Superbowl team with jk and juiceman"
This aint it
An ounce of hope? Bruh we haven't even played one game and the team is still solid. Just gotta get a bit lucky with injuries through the season and we are fine.
You're dreaming
"I’ve morphed from stunned disbelief & depression to Fuck It #PlayLikeARaven! 

https://preview.redd.it/o825x55dyrm71.png?width=1920&format=png&auto=webp&s=f7ad9379f6b8fbd47cd3984dfbda36ce1bd33176"
"Yeah high key I feel some optimism returning. Probably is irrational but fuck it, at the end of the day it’s just entertainment. Let’s play ball!"
[removed]
Get over it lol
Mods need to step up and implement some sort of post filtering.
"Ravens fans tell me, is Hollywood Brown good? What is the general feelings of the fanbase towards him?"
He is going to look a lot better as a WR2
He's getting better and better every year
Hes solid if he keeps pace with his second half of last year he will be considered good
"Yeah he is solid.  Has been inconsistent to date, but he is talented.  Looking forward to some growth this year."
"Yes, he is lightning fast. Good hands."
If he plays the slot he’ll score every game but Greg Roman don’t know that
He’s an inconsistent number 2.  He’s got great long speed but his agility isn’t too good and his route running is still pretty clunky.  I feel like I’m in the minority though on saying that it feels as if he’s underperformed his draft status.
I think he’s very overrated
"I think he's alright, he's had his mix of insane catches and drops. Not top tier, but good."
"We'll find out very soon how good he really is. If I were a betting man, I wouldn't bet against Hollywood this year."
"our most consistent playoff performer on offense. improves every year. he was never built like a true X receiver or #1 option, I think he’s gonna be a beast this year in the slot once the offense is able to open up. Love his route running and work ethic. Also probably my favourite raven in interviews lmao he has a million dollar smile on always. Love the guy"
"He's good but he's 5'9"" and expected to make sideline catches against 6' corners. When he gets two steps on the defenders, that's enough space to work with, but just a step isn't really open with the height discrepancy he usually faces.

In the middle, down field, and on blown coverages, he's way better than average despite his too often drops."
Hollywood had the same amount of drops as mark andrews last year. This sub just likes to overreact. The guy has made some incredible catches for how small he is. In any other offensive system he’d easily be a 1000 yard receiver.
""
This is outstanding
3 out 5 are running backs bro fml
He will live to stomp another day.
Gold. Pure gold
Fucking dead
Our season isn’t over
Dude I posted my new fantasy league name to this https://i.imgur.com/hRakNcy.jpg yesterday lol if you don’t mind could I use your photo? I’d much rather revise my profile picture to this
You all can follow me on facebook too! https://www.facebook.com/RavensHyperFan/
""
""
"Now do RB Krispies ACLs; snap, crackle, pop!"
"I’m interested in what the flock expects from Latavius Murray this season.

I get it, the dude is 31 and the typical RB is just about washed by that stage of their career.

On the other hand, however, Murray performed pretty well [(4.5 yards/att, 7.7 yards/rec, 832 total yds)](https://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/M/MurrLa00.htm) in limited usage just last season and it was arguably his best production efficiency yet.

To add, the violent and bruising nature of the RB position is what wears players down into being washed up so much younger than other positions in the NFL. With that in mind, Murray only has 1,376 touches in his 7 year career and has never been notably injured.

For comparison, Murray’s career touches are almost 200 less than Ingram had when he was signed to the Ravens 2 years ago, 600 less than 29 year old Bell has today, 350 less than 27 y/o Gurley, and 300 less than barely 26 y/o Ezekiel Elliott. The (active) RB closest to him in usage/wear is 27 y/o Derrick Henry with 1,258 touches.

Im not psychic, but I don’t think it’s unreasonable to think Murray has gas left in the tank for us given his exceptionally low wear for 31… I still don’t think he’ll be a sub-4.4 speed RB, like he used to be, but with his run style and our GRo/Lamar offense making things easier for him I expect him to do good-to-great for us.

What do you birdbros think?"
"Tyson will lead for the first few games probably, but I honestly think Murray ends up as our lead rusher over the season. Experienced, pass catching ability, and generally reliable. That’s 1000 yards in my mind"
I imagine tyson will be our real lead back with murray as the 2 and bell as a 3rd down back
"I think if the Ravens get 1200 yards out of the RB position its a good production, it doesn’t matter who  gets the carries."
I felt the same way looking at the stat sheet (that 4.5 ypc looks really nice) but people are saying that he looked bad in the preseason against second stringers
2100 yards 32 touchdowns
So you're saying derrick Henry is about to have a down year?
"Last year the ravens rushed for 3,071 yards as a team.  Lamar had about an even 1k. Rest of team. 2k

In 17 games this year, I think the rest of team rush for about 1700 yards.  Lamar 750."
Bell leads with Murray as back up and Ty playing a situational role at best.
"Apparently IR, according to the official roster list on the Ravens website. Nice bad omen / hex / jinx by those who cannot seem to properly keep up with all the (trans)action each season!"
"I feel like it was a terrible genie wish. He’ll have to throw more, so he’ll likely get a lot better at it. I was never one to critique his throwing game before and he’ll never be no pocketpasser, but he’s gonna walk away the most dynamic QB if he’s not already. I still got hope for the season, but this hardship might take Lamar to the next level."
"As long as he doesn't attempt to do it all for us to win games and put himself at risk for injury, I'm good. His nature is to put everything on the line to win even if it means taking personal risks. That is what I'm most fearful of. Let's hope he gets adequate protection from the line to carve up defenses through the air this year which he is fully capable of doing."
This whole season is on Lamar. I'm pumped
You do understand that running opens up the passing game ? There is no net benifit from losing quality rb's like dobbins and the bus and replacing them with washed free agents. Hopefully Murray balls out.
[deleted]
Lol
There has been some absolute gold posts tonight. I haven’t seen thIs sub quite like this in years!!
I would be if we didn't also have no WRs and a sketchy as fuck OL
"Assuming Greg Roman doesn’t stymie that for a 3rd season in a row, this could be amazing. Otherwise, we ain’t making the playoffs"
He's lining up a 2000yd rushing season for sure.
Not really.
"Hyped? No. Hoping we still pull through? Sure.

Guess we’ll have to see and pray *knock on wood* there will be no more significant injuries"
[removed]
LO RATE BAIT. ICE UP SON
I was really pumped for him and Lev to drop a track yo
[deleted]
"Let’s take today and celebrate the heroes of 9/11 that were called to action. Cheers to all of you and everyone that was impacted by this 20 years ago, I’m sure it shaped a lot of our lives. Go Ravens."
"[https://twitter.com/EdgeofSports/status/1436368336019984390](https://twitter.com/EdgeofSports/status/1436368336019984390)

This sounds like pure Twitter fiction. Yet it must happen. I have never needed something so badly before in my life. Surely someone from the team stumbles across this. Please God.

LAMAR COMIN"
The whistle should play at the stadium everytime we get in the RedZone. Would be dope
"The odds may be low, but they are never 0. I think the entire city would bust the biggest of nuts and that stadium would get so loud. I hope someone from the ravens can see this and bring it up because it’d be so hype"
University of Maryland used it last week as they were coming out of the tunnel.
Lamar comin’!
I feel like there’s a zero percent chance this happens. Lol
"You come at the king, you best not miss"
If they allow him also to ride out of the tunnel in that cart it will be perfection
"He HAS to wear the trench coat, though. Take the fine Lamar."
"If this happens, we blow out KC. Mark my words."
Would also be appropriate for when he's coming out the bathroom
"I’m reaching out to Richard Tamayo.

Email sent!"
"That’d be kinda cool, but I’d have to see it before I believe it."
"Damn, that’d be pretty amazing."
They better do it
Can anyone explain what this means?
Fans could at least sing ”a-hunting we will go”. Beats ”seven nation army”
There's a pretty sweet version on Spotify from Jon Kwest that would definitely make a great walk out song to continue on into the pre game routine
Maroon 5 killed my hopes and dreams. I won't put myself through that again
LAMAR COMIN
"Well, now the pressure is on! If Lamar doesn't do this,  what he does needs to be 10 times better..."
The game isn't even in Baltimore
Yeah because petitions have worked so well in the past 🙄.
""
Williams week 1. Who knows what happens after that.
No way to evaluate anyone’s value until after Monday. It’ll change as the new backs get more comfortable in the system and how well Ty’son Williams performs. I drafted Ty’son late in a 14 team league and so many trades have been proposed but I’m going to wait it out.
I have both on my team. I really hope Ty'son gets like 200 yds week 1 so he can become our bell cow
Don’t sleep on Devonta Freeman
"I have a hunch Ty’son gets the nod and doesn’t give it up all season. 

On average I can see him giving us the below numbers per game…

80-100 yards rushing 
1-2TDs rushing
5-25 receiving"
""
I’m shocked there were 2 teams worse off in 2015
"Our injuries have been bad luck, nothing more. When tragedy strikes, human nature is to want to understand why, but sometimes there’s no good explanation. We’ve had an incredibly unlucky start to the year but we have depth in our secondary and more RB’s to work into our extremely run-friendly scheme. We’ll be fine, it’s not the end of our season. LFG."
The people blaming the medical staff and the field for non contact knee injuries aren’t going to like this.
Come wild card weekend I’ll remember all y’all who freaked out
Ahhh I remember 2015. Before that season I thought we could have one more Super Bowl run during the Flacco era. How sad…
So I'm going to pencil us in for \#32 in 2021.
god that 2015 season was painful
"This statistic is probably only about the number of games lost due to injury to starters, right? Like it isn’t weighted to account for losing a replacement level starter vs. an all-pro?

But I’d agree that there have been a ton of overreactions suggesting that there just has to be something we’re doing wrong. Sometimes bad luck is just bad luck"
Adjusted stats are largely meaningless
Does this give weight to starters vs non starters?
[deleted]
Never really observed his pass blocking ability so that makes things a little more exciting for me
"He isn't exceptional at one thing (yet) and doesn't need to be, the important thing at this stage is that a strong foundation is present in his game. Versatile and shifty with a wide frame, isn't afraid of contact, hits the hole hard, falls forward, second level speed, got good hands and can pass block. That's the makings of a real deal and I think he will prove himself worthy against the Raiders on Monday night.

You already know Harbs been in his ear all week with inspirational shit like this. 

[https://streamable.com/o6nuy8](https://streamable.com/o6nuy8)

I agree, he's more than ready.

Good luck on Monday"
"Son just needs to get into the flow. We originally thought Gus was just straight line power but look at how he's evolved and flourished. Son already looks a little more well-rounded than Gus at this early stage, so I'm excited to see him thrive with the opportunity! Those pro-day stats are insane too!"
I picked him up as just a bs round 15 pick in fantasy and now he's starting my week one game. Hoping for good things!
[removed]
Good*. Sorry for the spelling error
""
ED REED!!!
"Awesome post! Going to watch some old highlights right now. Thankful for something to bring a 😊 to me with some good memories to look back on, in what is our most dreadful day in history.

Edit; I gotta add, Ed looks buff af in this pic. His shoulders and biceps from that angle make him look like a body builder."
Damn those biceps thooo
"I miss watching this man play.  Glad he's not going to beat us up on Monday night, but I'd be all for him coming out of retirement starting week 2!"
What shoulder workouts does he do? He’s got some shoulder boulders
43 years young!
Reeeeeeeeeeed
"Was sure it was gonna be Tucker, but it’s Ed Reed.

Yes.

Excellent."
Ray's birthday is in May
""
I love Marlene
Is there some context here? What am I looking at
BDD
"Lacie ""Big Dick"" DeCosta"
""
Peters called a defense that didn't allow any points for the entire second half? Even against third string guys that's a pretty solid debut.
That’s really saying something because the Corner is never going to do that.
"Lol people were trying to say we played our starters the whole time, but we even benched our DC"
Peters would make a meme level DC/HC we haven't seen since Rex Ryan. I'd be all for it.
I had a dream last night that Peters announced his injury wasn’t actually that bad and he’d be good to go by Week 3. It was determined that the media made a big deal out of it for the sake of a story and had to backpedal hard. Then I woke up and was sad again…
Excuse me? Wink let Peters call the defense? That's amazin.
"Is there any rule against having Marcus work on the sideline with Wink during the season this year while going through recovery? Would love to have his knowledge on the field one way or the other, and be with the team"
"Holy shit, thats pretty fucking crazy."
Hope Averett can ball out this is a contract year for him I think.😈🏟
"CB situation looking suspect again, fuck"
"With how the offseason is going, it reminded me of this clip from the anime Attack on Titan so *SPOILER ALERT*. I know this is a bit dramatic but just wanted to share.

P.S. : I don't post often so if this is considered off-topic, I apologize

https://youtu.be/9hh8qaajIXk"
""
2019 Lamar x 2019 Watkins = 500 yards 6 TDs
Week one Sammy plus week one Ravens = 70-0 win.
2019 let's go
I remember in 2019 I was playing fantasy and had Watkins on my bench week 1
Looking for confirmation bias to start Sammy week 1
Sammy and Hollywood bouta light up week 1
"I think the Williams/Murray combo will be solid over the course of the year, but I’m a bit concerned for week 1. A lot of our run scheme depends on the mesh point chemistry between Lamar and the RB. I expect to see a bit more of a vanilla run game until that chemistry is developed, which unfortunately will lead to a less dynamic run game and more passing situations."
"I genuinely don’t know what to expect from our offence. All I know is the last 2 years in the opener, we absolutely aired it out. All that talk we’ve been doing, new coaches, new WRs… I think Lamar might throw it 30+ times"
Hollywood both of his years has had a great week 1 as well
"Sammy Watkins :  6 rec 145yards 3tds

Marquise Brown : 7 rec 115 yards 1td

Mark Andrews: 8 rec 75 yards 1td

James Proche 4 rec 52 yards"
"3 rec. 5 tgt.
50 yds. 
1 TD

Love our team but I wouldn’t play anyone on our offense not named Lamar or Andrews until we get a feel for what it’s gonna be. O-line should be improved, but still spotty + potential for Roman to continue his lackluster passing attacks could equal excessive running. Hopefully he’s learned from his mistakes and utilizes a new passing scheme. We have the right guys. Only time will tell."
Lamar is 2/2 with week 1 perfect QBR performances. Gonna make it 3/3 tomorrow. Hollywood and Sammy gonna have big days.
"I've always been fascinated by the talent vs opportunity/luck discussion. Where guys that have experience get this extra boost of longevity in the league while other guys of similar caliber or greater talent fizzle out. 

For all practical purposes Ty'son Williams and Nate McCrary are the same player. UFDA guys talented enough to make the 3rd RB on a NFL depth chart. Similar preseason stats. McCrary actually has better college stats. I'm really interested in watching these two running backs careers to see if this idea holds true. One of them is still 3rd string and the other a chance to be RB1 after injuries wipe out the RB room (don't get me started on that). 

My theory/opinion is that if Willams has even a half decent season he'll have himself a nice NFL career as a backup for the forseable future. McCrary on the other hand is more than likely going to bounce around the league and be out of football in a year or two unless he too gets some chance to showcase during the regular season. It's kinda crazy that someone's career could come down to one or two breaks. A comparable career would be Alex Collins, who by all acounts would have fizzled out of the league if not for injuries to the ravens RB room. The guy is still out there in Seattle on the 53 man roster 3 years later. 

Maybe this lucky break idea is bogus and the cliche is true that hard work always beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. Your thoughts?

Also, football is back! Let's go Ravens. SB or Bust."
every successful person is lucky
"I think it comes down to coaches and GMs being risk averse. Most would take good to decent players who are known quantities with stats and film, versus a player with potentially great upside but very little to show for it. 

I think this is also really true of life in general. If certain people hadn't taken risks on me early on, I don't know how successful I'd be today."
">Maybe this lucky break idea is bogus and the cliche is true that hard work always beats talent when talent doesn't work hard. Your thoughts?

Both can be and are true. Getting a lucky break is critical, along with taking advantage when one is presented."
I didn’t realize how much of a steal Collins was for us. Dude was only make about 500k a year during his time.
""
Bro Lamar should not be on this poster. Delete
Replace Lamar with Cannon and then it would be perfect
"If anything put Cannon on this, Lamar should not be"
"If there was an award for least expendable player in the nfl, it would be Lamar"
bro fucking delete this
Just waiting for Adrian Peterson to get the mid season call up
"It makes sense to me though, with how the mainstream talking heads constantly talk down on Lamar & endlessly call his elite ""status"" into question, like its even debatable lol. 

Honestly, alot of people outside of baltimore probably view him that way, as mind boggling as it may be to us."
[The Post and Comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/plkv3p/schefter_ravens_now_have_four_players_who_have/hcb4avt/)
"If this group of running backs makes some noise this season, I would 100% support calling them the Expendables.

Kind of like the 1972 Dolphins D known as the [No-Name Defense](https://www.si.com/nfl/dolphins/news/the-miami-dolphins-perfect-season-defense-and-its-place-in-history)."
"Cut out Lamar,  add Cannon and you've got The Replacements"
Wheres ty'Son 1200 yard rusher this year
I kinda like the name “caught in 4K”
""
Sammy and Hollywood 30+ targets combined incoming
Has jimmy smith ever been healthy before
How do we think Derek Wolfe’s absence will affect our Defense?
This injury report is about to look like an expansion draft
I didnt know Wolfe and Hayes were hurt.  We can only lose so many contributors.
When did Hayes get hurt wtf
At this point I'm just glad nobody sprained a wrist while taking notes in the film room.
"I honestly didn't know Incognito was still in the league...

Sucks about Wolfe tho :/"
"Ravens declare DE Derek Wolfe (back/hip) out for Monday's game. OLB Daelin Hayes (knee) and CB Jimmy Smith (ankle) are questionable. 
For the Raiders, G Richie Incognito (calf) is out and S Roderic Teamer (shoulder/ankle) is doubtful.

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Damn I could’ve sworn Incognito retired
Obligatory fuck Richie icognito
I hope we can get off the plane with no injuries
Richie Incognito still plays in the league?
How the Hell is Incognito still in the league?  I swear he has been around for twenty years!
"I think the ravens still barely make the playoffs this season. Just too many injuries or soft injuries to their WRs . 

Their best lineman is coming off a season ending injury . Their TE2 is coming off a season ending injury and will come back in about 3-4 weeks .

Their relying on old veteran lineman to be decent . 

The WR they just drafted hasn’t had in game reps with Lamar at all.

The rbs will take a bit longer to acclimated in the offense because the complexities of the option and Roman concepts .

Lamar will carry them to the playoffs but the lack star talent and Roman inability to evolve will keep them from making a run in the playoffs. 

I believe in Lamar I really do but it’s just too much this season"
"Once upon a time, the Raiders came to Baltimore and somehow lost to the brand-new Ravens at Memorial Stadium.   The Ravens had a really bad offseason to start the franchise, and this was a gift from the football gods.   The Raiders were cursed so hard they went 0-6 in Baltimore until 2016.  I remembered this the other night, and woke up in a cold sweat--the Ravens are going to Las Vegas to open a new Raiders stadium.   Could the Football Gods be smiling upon the Raiders in their new home?  
The Ravens are a better team, with better coaching, a better organization and better personnel.   But so what?   The Football Gods giveth and taketh away.

So I consulted the Oracle At Canton.   She split open a fresh virgin football, and poured in thick, congealed Gatorade from the 2013 Superbowl.    Then she muttered some playcalls from the 1910s, 1920s, and 1930s and read the stains.   She had no good news for me.   The Football Gods are going to give the week 1 game to the Radiers, to balance the scales from 1996."
""
Chiefs week has come a week early this year!
"With our blocking, we don't need holds!

Love it!

/u/BenRosen got some company!"
Pure gold. Best sub on here no question.
"So funny in this context and yet so true from Bell; No no no Coach, I just told Tomlin to buck off. I think he may actually do well here with that attitude. *BIGTRUZZ* I want that license plate!"
Fucking hilarious
For a second I thought u/benrosen was back
"Lol at the half second shot of the trash can lid saying ""UDFAs"""
Can I get a shareable link/video?
""
""
spot on ty analyst Humph
Goddamn this guy is charming. He has a bright TV career ahead
rip OSU
Damn he was right.  Honestly thought Oregon would get mollywhopped as I didn’t think there QB situation was good enough and they didn’t have Thibedeux (the best pass rusher in the country).
Goo Ducks....
This aged VERY well
[deleted]
""
this doesnt really make sense as Gus has averaged 5 ypc for 3 years in a row now... hes been 700 yards per season and has his beast year last year.
Umm... No? Please?
"G, delete this."
No i'm good
"Javorius ""Buck"" Allen"
"I mean Lamar has been good the past 2 years....

&#x200B;

/s"
Don't they have an NFL MVP quarterback?
"First Rice got cut.

Then Justin Forsett came and popped off

In 2015 we saw Forsett get injured.

2016 was Terrance West's time

2017 was Alex Colins' year

Gus got to drive the Bus in 2018

2019 was the year of Big Truss and Mark Ingram

2020 was JK Dobbins' Warm up

2021 was supposed to be Dobbins and then Gus and now its Williams/Bell/Freeman/Murray/Cannon season

A unreal streak. I suspected it before this year but now I am certain.

The Curse of Ray Rice is real."
""
"> Bannan, 42, told police he was hiding from the Russian mafia when he entered acupuncturist Ashley Marie's treatment room in Boulder, Colorado, then shot her when she opened the door. 

😲"
https://www.usatoday.com/in-depth/sports/nfl/2021/04/28/justin-bannan-cte-blame-shooting-attempted-murder-charge/7278071002/
Ayo what the fuck??!!
"I personally didn’t like the trade when it happened.

I feared the health of Jimmy Smith and Tavon Young would haunt us all season.

Now with Peters to IR it’s worse.


How do you like the CB depth going forward.."
No. If Wade was starting on the outside we were screwed either way...
"Nope, they have enough depth to survive multiple injuries. If we didn’t trade him we would have had to cut him before Marcus’ injury"
Would have cut him when we cut down 53 anyways- had to get the pick for him
"Wade was bad at outside cornerback in his final year at Ohio State. He wouldn’t have helped much, if any, at outside cornerback."
"If you didn’t want to trade him at the time that’s fine, but I’m not mad at EDC for not knowing the future."
"We got picks for a guy that was gonna get cut. I don’t think EDC is losing sleep about this one, on the contrary I presume he’s very happy with it"
The Ravens still deep as hell at CB. There was no way for them to keep him without risking losing someone else so it was smarter to trade him especially since the guys kept over him outplayed him at practice and on the field
"Hump 
Jimmy 
Young 
Averett 
Stephen’s 
Washington 
Wesley 

WE ARE FINE! We may still have the best corner group in the NFL honestly. That’s just how loaded we were initially. We are going to miss his play making but Jimmy will give less plays up down the field and we still have an amazing 3rd corner in averett and slot man in young m."
"They wouldn't have traded him if they liked his performance

And we have enough depth, thankfully. we should be fine"
I also wanted to keep Shaun Wade
I don’t know who we cut to keep him. Maybe you do the wink wink deal with Jimmy or something idk.
"Gotta give you your first upvote on this post since nobody else is willing to. But personally I felt the trade was gonna come back to bite us in the ass. If I remember hearing correct he was one of the top draft prospects before he decided to sit out a year or had an injury (on of the two, can’t remember). Sooooo I’m still wondering, why you would make a trade like this. Now we’ve got like 4 4th round picks for what??? To go and help out other people’s rosters next year by trading them away?? The only other reason I could think of is negotiating for these picks is we’ve got a big name player in mind that we’ll be trading for sometime soon"
Why he showed nothing in camp?
No.
Damn man. That slot corner that wouldn't have made the team really is the gamechanger here with our boundary corner going down.
""
I've got high hopes for this kid.
"I haven't heard a word about this guy at all since the hype when we drafted him, how has he looked?"
Fuck. I just realized all the boys are in Vegas rn 😭
Is he cleared to play?
"Who is this? I can't tell with the mask

Broncos fan, don't mean to be rude"
Hope this guy is better at football than Aaron Lewis is at singing the national anthem
"I just don't get it with this guy and the love from the fans. He has not done anything yet. I really hope I am wrong, but between his shtick and the utter lack seeing him do anything other than sit out with a concussion I am already writing this pick off. Don't really like the attitude he brings. Seems like a me first dude in some of his interviews and posts. The whole wrestling social media thing earlier in the year seemed to be the start of the end for me."
[removed]
We don't know
"We don't know if he's vaccinated.

Some players have refused to say but it's been leaked that they are (through which protocols they follow). He's odd enough that he might not say if he got it.

NFL teams aren't allowed to require players to get it."
"There are rumors he did finally get vaccinated, but we don’t really know 

I would just stop worrying about it. Will be fine."
"IF he is, he just got it last week, (had to wait 10 days after symptoms subside to get it per guidelines) which means he might be still recovering from vaccine side effects."
He is.
Are you circumcised?
They're are HIPPA laws for a good reason which is why we won't know unless Lamar wants to confirm it himself.   The reasons why the ravens or any team for the that matter cannot require a player to get vaccinated is obvious.
""
Averett finished 2020 ranked 50th. Better than plenty of starting corners. Guy is serviceable. He is in his prime after learning behind 2 of the best.
"No doubt Peter’s was the biggest loss in all this.  I barely batted an eye at the RBs going down, but Peters, that hurt."
I feel like in this segment they kinda ignore how big of a locker room leader Marlo is. Like yeah obviously losing Peters is massive but we have the deepest secondary in the NFL on purpose.
Is it me or does he look like he’s wearing a nightgown or some sort of house dress in that still?
"Pat McAfee, now that’s a yinzer I can get behind."
His match with Adam Cole was a lot better than I thought it would have been.
Scores yards by players and final score
Tyson and lamar rush for 350 yards and 3 tds. Hollywood hauls in a big bomb for a td and watkins goes off for 150 and 2 tds and never repeats this performance
"Lamar 350+ passing yards 3 tds 28/35
Hollywood 7/120/1TD
Andrews 10/100/1TD
Watkins 5/85/1TD
175 rushing yards - 50 Lamar 75 1TD Williams"
If we continue to blow out teams in week 1 like we’ve been doing for the past 2 years then Vegas going to have a bad night. If our injuries problems don’t prove to be a season killer we easily could route the raiders
"37-17 ravens lamar 247 yards passing 64 rushing 3 tds passing 

Tyson 1 td running 125 rushing yards 

Hollywood 117 yards watkins 45 Andrew's 65"
"45-13 ravens. Lamar over 300 yards passing coupled with 150+ team rushing yards

I also wanna see how the predictions hold up so 

Remindme! 2 days"
"Lamar- 302/105, 3/1 td, 1 int

Watkins- 6 rec/ 83 yards/ 1 td

Hollywood- 5/108/2

Andrews- 8/75/0

Tyson- 58 yds/ 1 td

Humphrey- 1 FF

Team- 4 sacks Oweh, Houston, Bowser, Campbell

Final Score- W 38, 23"
"The homer in me prediction: 35-10 Lamar goes off for one rushing TD and 2 passing and our new RBs get the other 2. Our defense steps up and limits Waller, Jacobs, and Ruggs

Realistic prediction: I think we lose this 27-24. Our defense is good but gives up a few crucial plays in the air due to missing peters and our line doesn’t stop their run enough leading to prolonged drives keeping Lamar off the field. When Lamar is on the field he’ll be unstoppable but our raw backfield struggles to help him out and our line loses out to their d line making it so Lamar relies on shorter passes to Andrews. Lamar wills it almost to victory but we end up losing to a late field goal or them having the last possession or something"
"38 - 24 Ravens 

257 Passing 
280 Rushing 

Lamar with three passing TD and one rushing 

Hollywood, Watkins, Andrew’s get TD 

Murray gets one rushing TD and leads the team in rushing yards"
[deleted]
"Hanging out at the bar tonight, enjoying the company of my SO; she hates football but was so excited to brag that she knows about two QB's. Lamar jackson and ""Alaska"". Good ol' Joe Flacco's audible call, and you know what im proud she even knew that. Have a great football sunday tomorrow everyone who sorts by new."
""
"Dodge, dip, duck, dive and dodge.

If you can dodge a wrench you dodge a defender."
"(What were the other D’s?)
Gruden on Lamar Jackson:
“Like the Dodgeball movie, he can Dip, and Duck and I don’t remember the other D’s, but he can go crazy back there.”

***

posted by [@VicTafur](https://twitter.com/VicTafur)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"Where's he hoarding all the Sensu beans for jk, gus and marcus?"
Ultra Instinct Lamar
I need that chain
Lamar coming
I’ll murder for him
Our RB room got Yamcha’d
MVP
Afro Lamar? Raiders fun fucked up that’s automatically 5 touchdowns lol.
Ultra Ego LJ!!!
RB room has that Krellin-itis smh
The one man who can put a city that never sleeps to bed.
Anyone know the nfl covid rules if you are partially vaccinated vs unVaccinated
""
Wow thanks for the update!
"Yup, they flew out today! They had plane boarding vids on the social media. Hopefully they have a quiet two nights, sucks they can’t go out much with Covid and the crowds"
Makes sense you want to acclimate to the time zone change.
Did anyone get injured walking off the jetway?  /s
[deleted]
"As a Browns fan who is frequently on the Browns sub, I can say with confidence that you're full of shit as far as the ""laughing at injuries"" comment goes. When the news broke about Dobbins and Gus, virtually all comments were wishing the Ravens luck with their injury situation. The one (most likely troll) comment that was glad about the Ravens injuries was **heavily** downvoted, and again, remember this is on the Browns sub."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm8al)"
Please throw a 400 yard game Lamar I would absolutely love it.  A great running game is cool too but I would just like to see an absolute air raid on this garbage secondary.
21/27 280 yards 3 TDs 50 rushing yards
One large order of a Jackson 5 on the way😈
For the season? I am going to say over 351
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm8oz)"
Ty'son gonna get 1k and get traded to the jets next year
"Idk why I have a feeling tyson is gonna feast. Not dobbins levels, but I think he can get 650-750ish yards as a lead back"
Definitely responded thinking it was all RBs and then saw Lamar on there after. The safe bet is Lamar at > 900 yards
"Don't forget about Trenton ""The Cannon"" Cannon"
I realize this is a Ty’Son Williams subreddit but ya’ll are sleeping on Latavius… he gives you everything Gus does plus decent hands and proven blocking.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmm94r)"
It’s about time Hollywood turns into a clone of his cousin lol I see he’s steadily packing on muscle 💪🏾
Mark Andrews with Sammy in second assuming he’s healthy for all 17 games.  They attack the area of the field Lamar most heavily targets and I consider Sammy to be the best of our WRs imo.
Very difficult question (aside from the bottom two options lol) because I can see a scenario where it's any of the rest.
"Lol my pick is ridiculous but I think Bateman can win out, there’s a true hole in this offense for targets that are wide open for him to take, even despite missing 3 games I’m hopeful he will be our receiving leader and be the true WR1 we’ve all been dreaming for 🙏🥺"
Its Batemans SZN
"Andrews not just because he is lamar’s favorite target, but also historically he’s been the healthiest option (proceeds to knock on every piece of wood I can find)."
"Heart says Hollywood, brain says Mark. 

Charlie Wildcard says LeVeon Bell lol"
Do we root for the Bills and Chiefs which helps the Ravens in the AFC North or root for the Steelers and Browns which help the Ravens with the overall AFC seedings (top seed)?
If you're not rooting against the Steelers then you are most likely an imposter among us.
Bills and Chiefs no question
"Worrying about seeding in week 1 is silly, it’s a long season. Always rooting against division rivals."
Chiefs and Bills of course
If you gotta this then you’re in the wrong sub
Bills and Chiefs
Is this really a question?
Bills and chiefs.
"Bills.

I like their fans."
"I'll root for chiefs and bills. Always against division rivals as their losses equal a step ahead towards the playoffs for us, in a round about way. That said Harbs is part of the Reid coaching tree and the bills are developing a pretty good football/fan culture up in orchard park."
Go Alex Collins!
These posts disgust me. In what world would you ever cheer for the steelers.
Bills and Chiefs. You want the Browns and Steelers to lose as much as possible
I don't think I've ever seen this question on week 1
Let's worry about the division first
Browns and steelers for betting purposes
Bills and browns. Why the browns you ask? Because they’ll soften them up for us.
"Steelers and Browns, we re no rivals to suckers"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmn2td)"
I’m really the only one who knows the Ravens will score over 41 points Monday night?😈throwing tds are gana be insane. Hopefully a Jackson 5
I’ll take the road W at 31-17.
Yes
No Jackson Five on Monday.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/pmo502)"
"I'm surprised Daelin Hayes was left out...
 
And Houston"
"I think we end up with a bunch of 3-5 sack guys on the team.  Not sure if a clear front runner jumps out.

Oweh just isn’t a good pass rusher yet as he has a lot of technique to learn. Bowser is great in coverage, so he doesn’t rush as much.  McPhee just lacks the burst to put up big sack numbers at this point.  Ferguson is not a very good player and didn’t even dress for games at the end of last year."
Honestly if preseason goes anything like the regular season it'll be Ferg and Queen competing this year
"Houston absolutely deserves to be on this list.

I hope Ravens fans temper expectations for Oweh. Kid has a lot of the physical attributes but he's still raw. I think he'll be a good player, but it might take longer than expected. This is not uncommon for pass rushers making the leap to the NFL. Shit, even guys like Za'Darius Smith and Matthew Judon needed a few seasons to marinate before they really came into their own."
Oweh
Tyus but next year I think it’ll be Oweh.
"Looking at the Ravens season ending IRs,  JK Dobbins and LJ Fort are out. That should put players who have double initials as first names on high alert but, luckily, the Ravens don't have any more of those on the roster.

Marcus Peters and Gus Edwards injuries are bad news for players whose first name ends in -US. Tyus Bowser,  Ar'Darius Washington and Latavius Murray might be playing on borrowed time."
"More accurately it’s players like Ty’Son Williams, Mark Andrews, Brandon Williams, Tyre Phillips, Brandon Stephens, as Gus and Marcus both have first name + s as their last name.  It’s far worse than you say."
""
"Congrats.  

Also, I respect the upgrade to the Gildan Softstyle…. Gildan Heavy Duty feels like you’re wearing insulation."
"Congratulations!

This reminds me of fun family story. My grandfather went to every Baltimore Colts game from the moment they started to the time they left, except for one game because of my uncles wedding.

He complained about it to the day he died: “Damn it Joe, there are 36 Sundays a year that don’t have a frickin football game.”"
"Congrats!

Try to always listen even when you don't want to, meaningfully apologize when you're in the wrong, avoid going to sleep angry at each other, and cherish every moment. It ain't easy. It can be a lot of work and growth at times, but it's worth it. Best of luck to you and your spouse, and may this be the happiest day of your life."
Congrats!!
Congratulations enjoy Marriage
"Congrats! Have an elite wedding. 

See if you can work in a “fuck the Steelers” into the vows."
"Just remember, no matter what happens today, you still have Monday. 

Congrats !!"
"Congrats! Hoping the football gods gift you losses by the Browns, Steelers, and Bungles on your special day!"
Congrats!
Congrats! But you've been a Mr. the entire time.
"I would’ve started looking for replacements for you in your wedding last spring. Come on man, it’s opening day. 

It’s not too late to switch it to Tuesday."
Congrats man rock her world tonight and on the honeymoon
I’ve met some fans who would love to get married and watch the game at the party.
*Mazel tov* to you both!
You almost had the official shirt of our RB corps : MRI & MRIs
Today's my birthday and your wedding. Congrats you two!
Congratulations! That’s awesome!
"Congrats fam! Marriage is awesome!  You get a life long best friend, and nothing beats companionship! Just remember that when she drives you nuts.  The good times outnumber the bad times 10 to 1.

Enjoy!"
I assume these are sleeveless
Congrats!
"What's worse, blown ACL before the start of the season or getting married?"
"My thoughts on the UDFA RB who is the last man standing from the backs the Ravens started camp with. He will get the starting job in week 1 and never relinquish it.  


My projections for Williams in 2021.  
Rushing - 1300  Yards with 10-12 TDs  
Receiving - 200-300 Yards 2-4 TDs  


Bell, Murray,   and Freeman will all back up Ty'Son and be used situationally all season. Ravens make the PlayOffs. Ty'Son makes the Pro Bowl."
1500-1800 total yards and 12-16 TDs… I think your bar might be too low
"This is ... optimistic. Even with the extra game those numbers are high in the Ravens RB rotation model. Gus over the last three seasons averaged just over 700 yards, 5 ypc, 135ish carries, and 3 TDs. His last season was 129 of his 194 career receiving yards and 6 of his 10 rushing TDs.

Williams has zero snaps and was on a futures contract. He looked good against backups in games that didn't matter. I'm my opinion, he still has everything to prove and there's no reason to think he's going to be a stud, or better than Gus was last season.

Guess we'll see soon enough."
"I think that’s definitely possible but gonna be tough given how much we use all our running backs. I think Williams starts out strong but as others get acclimated to our system, he may not get as many snaps. 

But if he is absolutely balling, especially if he has a killer game in week 2 against KC, I could totally see him being the #1."
"Like just imagine, Ty'son balls out....and we have 3 starting-caliber RBs with him, Dobbins, and Gus next year 😲"
""
"Primetime games are fun, but im always sad on sundays when i have to watch other teams all day"
Now that’s a PUP
Shi tzu?
Getting ready to watch the Steelers and Browns lose.  All is good.
"Already watching the pregame. Gotta make that beer run though. Whats everyone drinking?

What game are you most excited to watch today?"
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
That looks nice 👍
[removed]
"My wife's favorite team (Patriots) is playing today so i'm going to that game. I'm obviously a huge ravens fan, but it's gonna be so odd going to a game to a team I hated for years and years. 

I am so tempted to wear my ravens gear there 😂

Just wanted to know, for the people that have been there before, how is that stadium?"
"Hey there,

I am ALSO a Raven's fan who has been to Gillette. I went to a Ravens/Pats playoff game awhile back at their stadium. It's a Very Nice venue and the shopping/restuarant complex was also good too!

Btw, at this point wearing Ravens gear wont be too big a deal there. A few dirty looks and the like are what you'll probably get..."
"I have never had a bad time at a live sporting event (minus a few bad interactions), and every stadium has it’s charm, I am sure it will be a great time. Sometimes it is fun going to games where the Ravens aren’t playing because you have no stake in it, you can just root for a close game and enjoy the atmosphere and get loose. Have a good time!"
I brought my Steelers friend to the Ravens Rams game two years ago. He wore Steelers gear. It was annoying af
"I've worn my 52 jersey to a couple non-Raven NFL games. It drew the most ""attention"" walking around stadium: to/from seats, concessions, etc. I guess because like social media it's easy for a complete stranger to throw a quick verbal jab as they walk by knowing they'll never see the person again.

Also from 3 different games, it seems that the cheaper the seats, the more likely fans are to say anything about it (and only after a few beers). Also if they're winning you should be fine. If it starts to be an ugly loss, people tend to last out at anything.

Of course I was also wearing 52 which is a polarizing player for many non-Ravens fans. Have fun!"
[deleted]
"I know this is asked a million times, but either I'm dumb or cant find a straight answer lol.

My wife is getting me a streaming service for my birthday on wednesday so I can watch live football games on the tv and my phone _legally_.

Is fubo worth it? Can I watch all the games including monday and sunday night with that?

Or does game pass work? I'm not looking to getting a VPN either.

Thanks!


Edit: I appreciate all the help guys, I think I might just tell my wife that there really isnt a good option for our circumstances and to save the money! Guess it's a life on the salty seas for me.

Thanks a ton!"
"I’ve talked about this on this sub with someone else before, so I’ll just copy and paste what I told them:


If you live in the Baltimore or DC media market, you can download the NFL or yahoo sports app. They’ve been putting the locally-broadcasted games on there for free for a few years now.

If not, you can use Locast (a free local television website) along with a geolocation changer to trick your computer into thinking you live in Baltimore and allowing you to watch the game online completely free and legally

Just a fair warning though. Locast has unskippable ads that play about every 15 minutes, so if you’re using it to watch football it may unexpectedly interrupt plays. To get rid of ads, you have to pay a $5 per month subscription to Locast. Since the regular season is only 4 months though, this still ends up being an extremely cheap and reliable way to watch the Ravens"
Im pretty sure the only way to be able to watch every game is sunday ticket
"I know you said legally, but Nflbite.com is great. No VPN required. Just gotta get past the pop ups lol. I use that for the Ravens games. 

My actual streaming service is sling. I use that because it’s cheaper than cable and I am able to get espn, nfl network and redzone."
Reddit football streams
"DAZN (da-zone….stupid name) is expensive, but being able to watch every game, and go back to the ones I’ve missed is super worth it. They have RedZone and other NFL programming too!"
"Hello Ravens fans! I'm a casual Ravens fan (FTS) that lurks here frequently but an avid fantasy footballer. I've got a quick question about what you guys think the Ravens Gameplan will be tomorrow. Hope you can oblige!

Related to the recent running back injuries, how do you expect the offense to flow tomorrow? Will we see the Ravens passing a little more than what we'd typically expect? Or, will they stay dedicated to the run game with Williams and Lamar? I don't think anyone would dispute that Williams will get a RB1 work load, but part of me thinks we may see a lot of Watkins on Monday because of the RB injuries. To my knowledge, there's nobody behind him that has a full grasp of the playbook, so the snaps spelling Williams will have to go somewhere."
Just win baby.
"I think it was gonna be very Lamar 2019-esque anyway. The Raiders D is bad, and Gus Bradley is the cover 3/four man rush type. They air it out as long as everyone is comfy with it."
"It comes down to two things.

Kicking ass and taking names."
"I’m no expert, but I think its to score more points than the raiders"
"Nice try, Jon"
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"
Die Hard: On A Football Field
 
@KyleBrandt predicts Lamar Jackson for NFL MVP!
 
@Lj_era8 | @Ravens 

***

posted by [@gmfb](https://twitter.com/gmfb)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1435602093759422464/vid/1280x720/kbjx4xdHA3rbYH13.mp4?tag=14) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[D'Angelo Hall did it better 2 years ago](https://youtu.be/Kk1fyVtkb0o)
I’m in a 12 man PPR league and I’m trying to decide who to start at my flex position. Just wondered what the fanbase thought about who is going to have the bigger game tomorrow. Go Ravens!
Ty’son.  He will get the bulk of the RB carries this week.  Like he’s the only RB that knows the system.
I’d go with Ty’Son. I expect him to get 12-15 carries and probably around 75 yards. I’m starting him in my league.
Williams will touch the ball more
Holly
Williams for week 1 imo
"Lower floor for Williams, higher ceiling for Brown"
Do you have options outside of those 2?
[removed]
...
Josh Allen overthrows like a mf and no one bats an eye 😂
"Titans down 10 already. Shit you LOVE to see.

edit: wtf? that fumble recovery looked pretty clearly like a touchdown"
If lamar played like allen he would’ve been crucified
Pittsburgh’s offense is garbage. Who could’ve possibly foreseen this???
Steelers looking like shit 👌
Mark Ingram tuddy!!
No wonder beasley isnt vaxxed he cant catch anything
just saw a JK dobbins commercial 😭😭
LOL @ Tennessee getting STOMPED.
Fuck you Tannerhill!
allen has been ass today and nobody saying shit about it
i’ve never heard injury concerns for josh allen he runs directly at D Lineman and engages the contact
"Lamar would get criticized if he posted a statline like this: 28-49, 252 YDS, 1 TD....."
"Titans: ""Just wait until you see our offense with Julio"".

Me: ""Worth the wait""."
Browns gonna brown LOL
Thought Julio was supposed to step right in and make an impact in Titanland 🤔😂
Joe Flacco’s team is 1-0 👍
i expect nonstop coverage about how allen has been figured out all week
I feel like the steelers always get away with playing like crap.
Josh Allen takes a shot on like every play. When he runs he tries to be a hero. Why tf is it not talked about more. Won't last long in this league playing like that
"Course chiefs gonna suck dick today and then next week will be unstoppable. Fucking afc teams and choking to our division, name a more iconic duo"
"Lmao Baker, take a bow. But credit to the Browns, they played very well and are a threat going forward."
Titans offense and defense looks like shit
Baby Zeus gettin blown up
Orlando Brown Jr. Is getting destroyed out there
browns gonna brown LMAO
LOOOOOOOL BROWNS LOOKIN LIKE BROWNS AGAIN i missed this
"Aaaaaand the browns get flushed down the toilet once more.

Order has been restored to the world."
Baker + pressure = the dream duo!
Titans trash
LOL “elite” Tannehill and their classy fans
Titan fans booing the Titans is the cherry on top. 🤌🏾
I forgot how much I fucking hate the Steelers
Browns
I'm loving watching the Browns choke away this game.
Man fuck everyone who thought Allen was better than Lamar lmao
The AFC South is an embarrassment.
"maybe bills dont need the vaccine

cant catch shit"
Orlando trade looking like W for us ngl
We have to hear about Allen and mahomes and then watch them let us down
"Can we talk about how Mahomes covers up how bad the chiefs are? That defense is buns… without him they are not a top 4 team in the AFC. Idc what anyone says, bring on the chiefs next week"
"Orlando, bruh...

Save that shit for next week"
Orlando Brown just got sent to the shadow realm by Garrett
Browns finna brown
Lol fuck the Titans
Another Josh Allen overthrow! Lol
Is the whole fucking div gonna win today?
Is it Monday night yet...? 😭
#BROWNS ALWAYS GONNA BROWN LMAOOOOO
-1 total yards for the best QB and RB in the NFL can't be true surely? What's going on in Tennessee?
"Dedicated to Marcus Peters theTitans are getting DEMOLISHED. 

Henry can't run, Tannehill can't throw and got sacked by Chandler Jones 3 TIMES in the 1st Quarter. And Nuke already dropped 2 scores on em. Julio doesn't even have a target lol"
Looks like Josh Allen has been figured out /s
"[again this is why titans fans are such douche bags](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/pl590n/schefter_ravens_fear_that_rb_gus_edwards_suffered/hcjs3vy?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

&#x200B;

mods can u ban this piece of shit.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Got this mf banned on the titans sub. Maybe they aren't as douches as we thought they were. u/WATPKingHenry suck it u queef"
"Titans getting booed at the half by the entire stadium 

**LMFAOOO**"
"JuJu got hit by that corvette corvette again LMAO 

Have fun on the Steelers fuckin dummy"
Steelers and Bills both looked dogshit
"Anyone else get annoyed that the Chiefs literally always play a perfect game against us? I mean obviously that falls on the Ravens too, but they seem to make mistakes against every team but us."
[Live look at the Cleveland Browns](https://a2.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fi%2Fteamlogos%2Fnfl%2F500%2Fatl.png)
Baker always good for that last minute INT!
classic Baker
Browns just browned
That felt good
Get Josh Allen out of the same conversation as Lamar
"OOF Titans fans booing for the FG, and then its missed lmao"
Watching juju get jacked up will never get old
"Fuck the Titans, lmao"
Now they are gonna think their team is good
As a ravens and cards fan.. I'm fucking LOVING this game lmao
The browns are gonna be a problem this year.
Why is it that KC looks normal against other playoff teams and then plays like the 2007 Pats against us?
Absolutely horrific roughing call against Za'Darius
Why is this incompetent chiefs defense about to hold us to 150 yards
WHY WOULD THE BROWNS CALL 3 STRAIGHT PASSES ON THAT DRIVE. YOU HAVE 4 RUSHING TDS. SO DUMB.
Fuck. The. Browns.
"Browns will be Browns

Seriously, they're handing this game to the Chiefs on a silver platter."
FUCK YOU CLEVELAND
Browns gonna Brown
Vintage Mayfield
BUSTER MAYFIELD MADE A BOO BOO!!!
Bakers gonna Browns
Bro I fucking hate KC they're gonna roll into the Bank next week and execute every single play
Deandre Hopkins is pretty good at football
Man I fucking love Diggs. Wish we had him :/
Man lamar would get so much bullshit his way if he made the throws allen has so far today
Allen is bailing the Steelers out
HAHA FUCK THE TITANS BAYBAY
The Tits are getting destroyed rn lmao love to see it
"Stay classy, Cleveland. LOL"
10 minutes into the new season and he’s already kicked out lol
I am not liking this year's Browns.
Damn we’re in trouble now.
"AFCN looking like a bloodbath like usual

REEEEEEEEEEEE"
Just Browns things
Browns find yet another way to secure another failure from the jaws of victory.
I was depressed until I saw the Steelers play now we have two bengals in our division
Fuck the titans 😍
Get fucked Titans
We ended the Titans
Oh no the Titans look like hot dogshit
Titans getting stunted on 🤣🤣🤣
PIT-BUF is an ugly football game.
I always want the division rival to lose but I don't mind seeing BUF lose either.
"LMAO the Titans are getting their backs blown out.

Been saying, as long as Tannehill is their QB and Vrabel is their HC and as long as their defense is complete ass juice, they will NEVER-and I mean NEVER- win a Super Bowl."
THE REFS CORRECTED THEIR MISTAKES????
"Cool, just what needed, an extra motivated Mahomes and co. rolling into the Bank next Sunday(if they end up getting blown out today)."
"come on mahomes

do some bullshit spin break sack for 90 yards that you do every fucking time you play us"
"As if things weren't already bad enough for the Packers, the refs go and rob them."
I’m just sick right now.
Mahomes with another one straight out his ass lol
"I know it's only one game. But Zeus is looking like shit on the left side for KC, right?"
Baker 😂😂😂😂😂
Spoiler: Mahomes is going to be 11-1 in September after next week.
We got a party to crash [next week](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate/status/1437197118847004679?s=19)
Elite josh allen overthrowing wide open receivers. Love to see it
"Watching the Cards, damn D Hop makes Kyler look so much better than he is"
If we don't win tomorrow the Bengals might end up as First Place in the AFC North...
Christian McCaffrey with 120 yards in the first half while Sam Darnold is having a game against his old team.
Lmfao Tennessee and Pittsburgh losing at the half… Love to see it
Titans are dog shit
Buffalo knocks us out and chokes against Steelers
Kyler just made up for that INT.  I hope AZ pours it on.
Titans are bonafide doo-doo stains
I don't want to over-react in Week 1 but dang Josh Allen / Ryan Tannehill can't win a game huh
Damn we really did the Titans in after last January huh. Yikes
"""Ben Roethlisberger a 39-year old being chased down by a 21-year old"" lmfao"
Bills what the fuck man
Eject this shitstain scrub
"Harrison Jr ejected, good, that fucker needed to be out"
If only anyone in the division would lose today.
thought packers game was one we lose but they look like ass right now
Now do what you always do to us
Vintage Cleveland.
Patriots fumbled at 11 yard line lol
Browns pulling a Browns once again.
LEZZZ GOOOOO BAYBEEEE
Browns gon Brown
"Browns are legit.  Anyone who thought otherwise is foolish.

That said, I'm laughing my @ss off.  Well deserved loss you cocky bunch.  Especially the ones who troll our sub."
"This aint the big ten, urban"
Steelers OL looks like ass.
Joe Burrow deserves better then having Taylor as a play caller and coach.
Prayers up to Ryan Fitzpatrick. Hopefully the hip.injury isnt season ending
"Let me just say, Chargers lucked the fuck out with getting Herbert"
"Titans are getting clowned hard by K1! 

Fuck the Titans!"
We exposed the titans
Lol more booing from titans fans
"5 punts. 54 total yards for the first half for Pittsburgh.

By god they’re awful"
Allen sure is not showing much as a passer.
Flock fam someone get that clip of Corvette getting fucking rocked
Maybe Allen should consider trying out at FB.
"Anyone else enjoy watching the cards? Especially since they are making Tannehill and Henry look sub par? I like Murray he reminds me of a Lamar, but budget"
chandler jones is FEASTING
"I feel like for all the praise Josh Allen’s arm gets, I haven’t really seen many passes longer than 10 yards."
Allen is very overrated
Touchdown again Arizona....thank you West Bird Bros
Can't tell if Steelers d is good or bills just regressing hard as fuck and suck
LMAOOOO BILLS
"Bills dogshit, how the fuck did we lose to them"
"When you see the Steelers and Titans both playing like shit… warms my soul lmao.

Neither of these teams are title contenders. Fucking bums."
5 sacks for Tanny lmfao!! Jfc the Titans look pathetic AF!!!!
"good vikings

finish it in ot"
Fuck the Steelers
browns walking right down the field
Baker is so cringe
at least titans got rolled
"How did he get away with punching a coach, AND the coach's team got flagged for it????"
"If the browns win this, tomorrow will feel like a must win. Am I wrong in thinking so ? I know it’s only week one."
"Am I high or do the cameras facing midfield from the end zones look like video game graphics? Also, I am kinda high."
KC = Booty
Useless chiefs
The Browns are looking legit this year
mahomes coming in to baltimore with an infinity gauntlet after this
When will the chiefs fall off? I’m surprised how much of their talent they’re able to return. I woulda thought cap hell would catch up to them. Props to their office
I'm glad Judon isn't still making these roughing penalties on the Ravens.
"I have Jameis Winston with like 30 points on my bench right now. Benched in favor of Lamar, obv."
How can one man be this lucky
"Come on, Mahomes. Do your Mahomes thing."
"#CHIEFS

#PLEASE

#I BEG YOU"
Baker is not fucking elite!!!!
"Steelers defense feasting all game

Where you at Joshy? Can't bail your team out like Lamar can eh? LMAO"
"steelers didnt win

the bills lost

story of the game

but allen getting a pass for it"
"Watching games so far, AFC North is going to be tough this year."
The Steelers look bad all day and pull out a win. Bengals look great and are gonna find a way to lose. Reminder that coaching and organizational stability makes a huge difference.
"So all the other AFC North teams are going to win today, huh"
We had a solid chance of all other AFCN teams going 0-1 and now they might all be 1-0 smh
Here it is. Thx
Josh Allen looks really bad. Overthrows and a fumble. I'm sure ESPN is already writing up production notes with excuses.
Tits getting absolutely worked has rid me of my Sunday scaries
Who’s our RT again? TJ Watt lookin scary…
I remember some people said Chandler Jones was washed and we shouldn’t trade for him hahhahahhahsha
"""King"" Henry currently has 6 carries, for 6 yards.

Edit, now 7 carries, 8 yards lol

Edit, now 8 carries, 9 yards"
harris cant do shit lmaoooooooooooo
Titans run game is absolutely abysmal. So much for kInG hEnRY
Titans D is absolute garbage as well. K1 has all the time in the world to throw
Titans washed
# TITANS LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
first place houston texans
Always happy to see Tyrod Taylor cooking up
Tygod
"Cool job PIT, only took you 34 minutes to score 3 pts"
I’m kinda pissed that the Bengals are probably gonna win today
Washington really does just sacrifice their QBs to the football gods every season don't they
some dumbassery from kyler gifting the tits a touchdown
Bills throwing now
tanneLOL
Bengals and Steelers ahead ☠️
Fucking Bills
you gonna let that old fuck out run you
If you turn on the Eagles game it’s the Bengals game now.
goddammit kirk
bengals vikings gonna tie bruh?
Man 1 drive got me thinking KC might go 0-2😏
Feeling a tad better about the OBJ trade after watching a few drives so far.
I think KC comes back and wins.
lmao wtf just saw Chandler Jones had 5 sacks. That's fucking insane
"Every year I take too much stock in week 1. That’s why we play the games. So yea I’m a little freakin out about the browns, but it’s a looooonnnggg season. (Literally longest ever). So just gotta have faith in the purple"
Jeudy's ankle went to heaven
Tyran and Frank will magically be healthy next week against us lol
Is Rodgers gonna go out with a whimper?
z just got fucking robbed by the refs
"Well I've never experienced a week 1 as bad as this without the Ravens even playing yet... Ever. It's unreal, heartbreaking injuries followed by the rest of the AFCN going 3-0 against good competition"
Finally one of those happens
Brown tied his career high in pressures allowed
Lol baker
THANK YOU HUGHES
Ingram coming up with a TD.
These Arizona plays just make me wonder how Lamar would do if he had a receiver the caliber of Nuk Hopkins. Man is insane
I like allen... I just wonder if he'll be criticized for these passes.
Why are the AFCN teams winning
Watching Russ and Kyler get bailed out on consecutive plays by unreal WR play makes me feel for Lamar
"Allen is looking bad.

Three overthrown passes and two were shoe in TDs. 2 errant screens, and bad pocket presence so far.

Ben looks cooked, and Steelers OL is piss poor. Their D will get them to 8 wins at least.

Titans getting spanked on O and D is pure bliss"
"Well, looks like TJ Watt is showing why he just got $122 mil..."
burrow finally found chase for a catch lol
jared goofball in midseason form
The amount of penalties in this bills game
"Rookie WRs making some plays, makes me sad we're missing our guy"
Fuck the Titans
I think the ravens broke the titans run game
"finally bills

jesus fuck"
So once the chiefs blow the browns out. We will be 1st place assuming the vikings come back before playing a game lol
"odell out

and tyrann"
TikTok just got blown the fuck up AGAIN
"tuddy cardinals

beauty from kyler"
AZ interception!! Fuck the Titans!
Goddammit Buffalo
what the fuck was that
Titans D looking pathetic af lol
Tyrod cooking rn 🔥😭 . Imagine if he has a mvp type season in Houston
FIVE SACKS FOR JONES
Herbert is a scary dude. His throws are so gorgeous
that's game
Cleveland strikes first
goddamit vikings
Frank Clark being out for KC is enormous for the Browns and Ravens. They’re gonna get smoked in the run game.
That was a great effort by CEH
"Holy shit

Browns player shoved a coach and KC got the penalty

The fuck????"
"We’re struggling bad, trailing 10-0."
This is the type of shit that makes you hate football
"Uhhhh KC

You wanna maybe….dominate like usual?"
I’m speechless ….what is this I am seeing
"Browns fans, ""We are beating the chiefs by 12 in the second quarter.""

So what you're saying is the game is tied if not Browns losing."
The Brown's defense regrettably looks formidable.
My dumb ass picked up Saquon Barkley and Melvin Gordon in fantasy. The Broncos and Giants both look so bad and it's extremely boring to watch. At least I got Lamar and MAndrews going tomorrow.
There is no Defense being played in this game lol
I don't understand why Tim Patrick is good now
Damn I was expecting Rodgers to come out on fire
"I’m convinced Tony Romo is from the future. As soon as he says something, it happens"
It makes me sick that the damn Patriots got Mac Jones at 15. Looks like a steal.
wow chiefs are unbelievable
Jordan love has his first completion to A. Rodgers.
Mahomes and steph curry got the same disease where they look 15 years old the rest of their life
The brownies lost but damn they looked good first half.... scary
"Things I loved:

Steelers & Titans playing terrible

Big Ben playing horrendous ( I hate this man so much)

The Bills looking a hot mess

Tyrod Taylor have a good game. I am not a Houston fan obviously but good for him

Kyler Murray & D-Hop playing like crazy so fun to watch

Andy Dalton being Andy Dalton & and the Jaguars being the Jaguars

&#x200B;

Things I hated:

Tom Brady & The Bucs I am so sick of them. Seriously the day him and Gronk are off my damn screen will be a blessing.

The fact that we are gunna be missing so many of our guys with all these injuries :(

Rams looking potentially dangerous. Was hoping it would take Stafford time to adjust. Clearly he is doing just fine..."
List of streams for our game against the Raiders if anyone needs https://nflstreamsliven.blogspot.com/2021/09/las-vegas-raiders-vs-baltimore-ravens.html
Fuck this piece of shit opening day
Ref bailout for noodle arm ben
Steelers  up
Why do I have this strange premonition that tomorrow night will be an upset? All these analysts and their stupid articles are getting to me! WEEK 1 jitters suck
"Burrow looks good idk if it’s just against the vikes but eh either way. Steelers look like shit, I’d be surprised it they win more than 5 games this year. Titans getting routed by the Cards. It’s a good day.

-edit- Also, Tyrod SZN."
"Steelers getting bailed out by the refs, fuck off. FUCK THE STEELERS"
Murray might be the mvp this season. Already 5tds my goodness
Let's go Chiefs.  Hope the Browns lose big.
I'm watching browns at chiefs and browns look scary.
"Drive down and get 3 for scorigami
Pleaseigami"
come on kirk
"I'm switching between Steelers-Bills and Seahawks-Colts to avoid commercials. Browns-Chiefs later on. Hate this waiting around to watch the Ravens, but thankfully only two MNFs for us this year (other one is the Colts)."
Canada running bunch like a madden tryhard lol
I only get the eagles and Washington. Guess I'm watching Washington :(
damn Tyrod and Ingram both with TDs on Jacksonville
Dropson is hurt.
"texans best team in south

i've seen enough"
Rothelisberger looks old. Steelers O looking bad
Good to see Trevor get his first TD
Does anyone know why streams always pause?
Oh ben u dinosaur
Ben finna throw for 50 interceptions this season
https://twitter.com/SharpFootball/status/1437123992276639749
lol
holy shit scary terry
"So is vikings defense just bad today?

Burrow is looking like he never left"
thielen tuddy on 4th down
8yrds for Henry. 8 fucking yards lmfao!!!
Is Minnesota trash or do we need to be concerned about Cincinnati now?
zach wilson finally allowed to play the game
bullshit
Wasn’t that pierre a undrafted kid
dalvin cook tuddy
Browns or Chiefs?
Burrow has been phenomenal today. This would actually be a very good win for Cinci.
"holy shit, if the lions pull this off..."
"alright kirk

let's go"
Why do the Bengals always tie?
THEYRE GONNA FUCKING TIE
How tf is that a fumble
tua made it look EASY
[deleted]
We’re in danger of going down 17-0.
That end zone camera in the browns game looks good asf
rodgers should have left?
Anyone else see that baby graphic in the KC/CLE game? They didn't have to do them like that lol
Manifesting a safety here...
At the pats game. 😴😴😴
Lol wtf is Miami doing
*that almost worked.*
"Man the Packers and Rodgers look like total ass

RodgerstoJordy you good fam?"
"Chiefs are gonna be good this season regardless, let’s hope they clutch this against the Brons"
thank you kelce
daniel jones is a fucking moron lmao
God damn that Stat That commercial. Don’t remind me of JK!
Lmao thanks Chub
[deleted]
If browns win were officially fucked in this division with our injuries
Stefanski looks like a pedo
Ha! The midget Baker! He is not 1/10 of the player Mahomes is (or Lamar).
Chandler Jones bout to walk into Cardinals front office with a blank check at this point right now...love to see it against Tenn.
"I understand we all hate the browns but that whole situation was bullshit, Harrison tripped and then gets pushed by a coach. He obviously shouldn’t have retaliated but that coach should have at least got ejected as well."
""
"I’ve had success using a VPN to put me in Europe than buying the international version of game pass. This allows for live streaming games. 

Only catch is making sure the VPN bandwidth is enough to accommodate streaming with out fading out or loosing definition.

Edit:  didn’t read carefully. I use VPN unlimited"
nflbite.com will have every stream. No VPN necessary. The government doesn’t have the manpower to go after illegal streamers.
"Hi all - question for those of you familiar with kickoff parties for the season. I’ll be attending tomorrow evening before the game then watching from the stadium with some friends, and saw locals All Time Low will be performing. How long/short is a set for these events? Are we looking at something like 3-4 of the most popular songs, or a 9-10 song show (Similar to what Ed Sheeran did Thursday)?

Thanks so much!"
Watching the game? Got a comment?
Shocker: Steelers Oline is horrible.
"Despite the score, the Bills line is giving Allen tons of time. Their offense looks improved. 

Pittsburgh looks the same to me so far…"
"Both Josh and Ben looking pretty pedestrian. Lots of holding calls, lots of dropped balls. Game is still 3-0"
Color commentary is pretty weak. Not a fan of Charles Davis. Doesn’t really add much besides recap of play by play and speculation. Nothing technical.
Forgot how much I enjoy seeing the Steelers fuck up. Josh Allen is nice with it
"I’m woefully unimpressed by Buffalo, can’t believe they beat us last year. They are entirely 1 dimensional. 

Pittsburgh looks about the same to me. Have no line whatsoever."
"I can't tell if the Steelers D is doing well or if Allen is just shaking off the rust, they should be up 24-0 right now but the dude keeps missing his guys wide open down field"
Ben looks awful
Steelers defensive line is killing the Bills OL and the Steelers OL sucks both in general.  This is going to be a low scoring game.
Not a Squeeler fan but their D looks scary
"Man that Bills offensive line is terrible. 4 man rush every play, crazy pressure every play."
My only comment is fuck the Bills. They played like shit and made some very shit decisions.
Ben’s arm seems to be as weak as last year. That’s good news for us…
"Yeah, Bills need to stop going for these flashy plays at 3rd and 1 and just focus on getting the first
Down"
Ben looks old.
"54 total yards for the whole first half makes me smile.

Fuck the Steelers"
Fuck the Steelers
Steelers blackout hats look like it's a big yellow zero.
Lol josh Allen’s scrambles are so weak compared to Lamar!!!
"Typical team playing the Steelers, make stupid decisions and let them back in.  It is like teams play them to lose."
why the fuck you over throwing deep all game when you got this
Allen looks like dirt. Need to give him that same energy they give Lamar when he struggles
Najee Harris is really proving pff wrong when they ranked him 20th coming into this year.
Bills need to quit screwing around and put this game away. Vikings letting Bungles run all over them. We don't need PIT and CIN both starting out 1-0.
Are the Bills going to blow this game?
allen gonna get hurt running like that all game /s
I'm not going another year with Pitt winning games like this 🤦🏼‍♂️
Bills o line is struggling against Pittsburgh. Steelers D tough or Bills line sus?
"wow

who could have guessed the steelers offense would be shit with no line and ben returning"
Someone get that clip of Juju getting fucking destroyed
Plays like that make me appreciate John's ability to draw up trick plays 🤣
bills lost right there
I hate watching the Steelers play because it’s literally just Ben trying to play hero ball
Ben isn’t very nimble
Heeeeey there's Eric EButterfingers I didn't think he was still there
Josh Allen is playing like he’s been reading all the stories about his big arm; he’s trying to constantly showcase it.
I can’t get into this game. I’m not seeing anything spectacular besides Juju getting blown up
Bills better put it together. I have them in my suicide pool!
Fuck the bills and their fans
Huge play by that juiced up Watt brother…
Wow what a catch by Claypool!!
Wow Washington really is where QBs go to die
They should feed Najee. Boy is gonna be depressed if Ben keeps trying to air it out all the time.
Have any season ticket holders tried to watch Redzone in the NFL app with their season ticket holder account connected?  I've never had an issue doing this for the last few seasons but today it's not working.  I got the email saying that Redzone is again included this year for season ticket holders so not sure what's going on.  I signed out and back in and then reinstalled the app but nothing is working.
Same issue here. Glad to know it’s not just me.
NFL Fantasy isn't working either. Seems they're having issues with their servers.
I'm having the same problem. I'm a new season ticket holder so I thought I wasn't doing something right.
I put a support ticket in earlier and they replied back just now that they're aware of and working on the issue.
"Glad its not just me, my irate rage has been tempered only slightly."
Same issue for me as well. Hopefully they release an app update soon to fix this
Me too. They should compensate us by finally allowing us to cast it this year. Which is already bull shit that we can’t considering we pay for season tickets.
Same thing here
Got email from NFL today asking about their service for my problem.  Had to laugh as I’ve received nothing saying if it’s been fixed or not.  Suggested they have a Redzone preseason to determine who in their IT department to cut or keep.
Does anyone know how to tell if the app is fixed? All I see is the ability to still purchase it in the NFL app but I should have it since my season ticket account is linked. I’m curious what it would look like in the app if it was working.
Same problem here. Still can’t get it
So Sunday at 10am PST we all get furious again?
This is bullshit
"Falcons season ticket holder checking in here, any luck from anybody? I’ve updated and relinked my account multiple times and I don’t think I’ve got it to work…"
Not working today for me either (Texans STM)… frustrating. I’ve done everything I possibly can. If someone figures it out let us know.
Titans STM here. Can't figure it out either. I also have my YTTV account connected to the app but not sure if that does anything.
Is everyone here on iOS?
"Philly season ticket holder still not working on app.  Linked and unlinked, uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times.

Did all this on wife's phone too, no fucking luck.

Fuck NFL and their garbage tech."
Still not working here for Texans sth
Still not working.  Who to contact?
"Doesnt work for me either, even with new update"
"I'm still having issues. I even tried their ""reset"" instructions. gamepass set up seemed to work with the promo code. Wish RedZone made it easier"
"Seahawks STH here, not working for me either. So frustrating"
Not working again
Not working for falcons either
"Washington here.....not working either. On verizon and when you do the signin in via TicketMaster with season ticket holder info it just gets stuck.

I guess I shouldn't feel guilty about using an IPTV service for NFL Direct Ticket now...."
Not working… Bears STH
Not working here in Buffalo.
"Baltimore, Android, also not working. Was considering dishing out the $35 for mobile red zone and then asking for a refund once they fix the season ticket holder version, but I can't imagine that refund process being at all easy or quick."
Not working Rama LA
Vikings STM - nothing again second week in a row.
Raiders ticket holder here. Not working for me either. Just opened a service request. They do not make that process easy.
Still not working for me. 2 weeks in a row.
Chargers season ticket holder. Not working here either.
Raiders season ticket holder here having the same problem for the first time in 6 seasons....
Same issue here with Raiders season ticket account. 2nd week in a row.
49ers STM here. Still hasn’t worked for me either. Had to start a trial from Hulu just to watch redzone. Hopefully this gets fixed by next week.
Still not working...
"I got an email from the NFL this morning saying this should be fixed.  Remove app, reinstall, and link season ticket account.  We'll see in a few hours."
"I received the following update to my service request this morning. Hopefully it works:  
  
Hello. We have an update on your RedZone season ticket access  
  
We believe this issue has been resolved.  
  
Please delete and download the app to make sure you are on the most up-to-date version (56.1.2.) Once the new app is downloaded, connect your season tickets. Once the first slate of games starts you should see RedZone in the NFL app.  
  
We thank you for your patience."
NFL Redzone finally working for me as a Chicago Bears season ticket holder!
It works now!
Yay. Working for Carolina STH too.
Texans STM working finally and without being connected to my tv subscriber.
"Colts STM here, is everyone able to get access to redzone and gamepass now ? I’m still having trouble gettting connected. Iv linked my Ticketmaster account and my NFL account, but it’s still requesting that I pay and everything is locked."
Chargers STM and still having issues connecting as well. Will try when the games start
I was just told by the Giants that I have to be in stadium and connected to their Wi-Fi in order to enjoy this benefit. I cannot imagine how it is a benefit if I am there in the stadium to watch a live game.
""
"I could have swore when the team started we had three mascots, Edgar, Allen, and Poe. I'm I misremembering like this is some Mandela Effect or did that really happen?"
""
🔥🔥🔥 LFG!!!
""
Sick
Where do I send all of my money pls
I've heard of people not washing their lucky jerseys but you definitely shouldn't put that in the wash haha
U made this yourself?
[deleted]
"It isn’t for everyone, targeted more at instagram fans, but that is fine. No one has to watch it. I am glad they have it though, my wife likes it and it keeps her in the loop"
Sorry. I actually love that young lady who runs the show! Her name escapes me.
Yes.
Honestly don’t like the “Let’s Gooooooooo”. Pretty annoying
[deleted]
Welcome back and fuck the Steelers!
"Just go watch the Ravens 2019 highlights, and you will be caught up"
Lamar Jackson
Why’d you switch to soccer!?
""
"Guy has terrible luck, poor guy never gets calls haha, but he is a solid starter"
tyrod and mark out there
Ravens and Hokie fans rejoice
"…always a Raven.

Guy’s killing it out there. 757 represent!"
He looks fantastic
Mark Ingram also had a fantastic game. Obviously the Texans aint winning a ring but I really want him to get to 10K yds before his career is done.
Proof that you don't even need healthy lungs to own the Jags
YESSIRRR
"I would say he got em, got em good"
"Lol just realized you posted this. Congrats on the banger, Lauren."
""
"tITan uP lol

Clearly Julio chose the wrong team."
Getting crushed
Yes
[deleted]
Go coach a game
Obligatory “Fuck the Titans” thread
You watch this version of them and you wonder how they manage to cause us so much trouble.
Titans are horrible the texans look like the best team in their division rn
"Marcus Peters is proud. They're getting stomped out good and proper, Chandler Jones with a GOAT esque performance. 

Julio chose the wrong team."
Chandler Jones is their daddy
Josh Allen MVP candidate? LMAO
Lmfao bills getting stomped. Unfortunately it’s the Steelers but the bills looking more and more like a fluke team
I could be off but I don’t think it’s just a one week thing — they lost their OC didn’t they? We of all teams know how much that can affect things.
"""Unstoppable offense"" is all they were described in the off-season."
I was told they fixed there defense lol.
"Also, in other news, Josh Allen overrated af"
"It was pure gold, i wish i could bottle that feeling because holy fuck were they atrocious on every front & facet imaginable. The Oline was laughably bad, mind you AZ defense is much improved this season but still..i literally burst out laughing at some of the lack of heart and hustle from almost every player after the 1st half. These guys talk so much & have done absolutely nothing in decades. 

I cant wait to watch them play ""defense"" next week lmao!!!!! Russ gonna pick those boys apart on the edge with their 10 yard cushions everytime!

Titans are ass yall!"
Fuck the Titans.
The best thing so far today.
"Love to see them lose, but I'm not judging anything based on Week 1."
"Hell yes.

Fuck the Steelers."
"I respect the Steelers.  I feel pity for the Bengals and am glad to see their future looking bright.  Fuck the Titans.  Fuck the Bills.  Fuck the Chiefs.

Edit: first and foremost, fuck those smug ass Browns."
"I literally can't stand the sight of Mike Vrabel and we all know he thinks the Titans are tougher than the Ravens, so today's smackdown by the Cardinals was my favorite game of the day. !!!k"
Titans are a garbage team and a garbage organization. Who cares?
In other delightful news: Baker’s gonna Baker.
Hopefully they won't even make the playoffs 😁
They looked fucking awful. Made the Cardinals shit D look elite
Ha ha! The balloon popped pretty quickly eh?
This aged nicely
Chandler
"With what cap? Lol, this isn’t madden. Houston cost 2mil, Chandler would be multiple picks including a 1st and costs 20 a year"
"he's balling out because he wants to be paid

literally zero way we get him lmfao"
"Keep your judgement until we see Houston and Odafe.

I feel they're gonna be a huge part of the D."
""
Probably posted in Eagles sub about Hurts.
🙏
""
"Marcus Peters would be proud. Titans looked fucked up front, continue to run it to Henry way too much and Julio only has 3 catches for 29 yards."
He's about to get a massive contract
Now if only we can do that 😅.
Lmao pretty much… almost like their OL isn’t any good
""
 Very nice!
It's only foolish if it doesn't work.
Where do you find these ?
Sacrifice them lungs for the greater good!
🔥🔥🔥
""
For everyones awareness this is an agreement between pretty much every team sub.
Cool man.  Way to go.
"Disgusting, you never wish injury on anyone."
An easier course of action would be to not do into their sub and just ignore any obnoxious fans.
Im not gonna ignore any of these trolls and idiots coming in our house and say stupid stuff. We Ravens dont tolerate that nonsense. Run em up outta here. 🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️🏃‍♂️
“Messaged the mods” you dork
""
Fuck The Steelers but watching all the allen fanboys get silenced was satisfying
"Like most teams in the NFL, they play the Steelers like they wanted to lose.  Bills had some really foolish coaching."
This dudes a fucking weirdo. Go back to your own sub
Why is this on the Ravens sub?? Lmao
"It’s week 1.  not worried bout the Steelers they’ll eventually collapse and play down to their competition and lose games they’re not supposed to lose. Big Ben played horrible today, refs made some questionable ass calls all game long."
"OP with some weird energy posting this here and then linking to it in the Steelers subreddit. Do we live so rent free in your heads, bud?"
"Why was this linked? Like our opinions are biased n shit and we got mutual respect, but you forget that it’s the Browns we all despise"
Comments and observations
"Regardless of AFC record implications, if the Browns win - just imagine how insufferable their fanbase is going to be about it. They're already obnoxiously cocky about the hype for this season.

I live in OH. I won't be able to leave the house."
Jesus Christ the chiefs have the worst defense in the league at the moment
Landry is so punchable
Stat that commercial with Dobbins is going to get depressing after the millionth time it's aired by next week
Stay classy browns
"How'd the refs miss Harrison shoving the Chiefs coach

The Chiefs coach should be ejected too for shoving Harrison"
If the browns win this I'm going to cry myself to sleep
Lol I see Aaron Rodgers last Dance canceled after season premiere.
Baker moving the ball well apparently
Of course KC will shit the bed week one but then come out guns blazing next week
The camera effects are crazy com8ng back from commercial. The iso focus with blurred background. Looks like a video game.
Maybe the Super Bowl loser curse is real
Catching the Dophins/Pats game looks like a lot of empty seats in Foxboro
Arrowhead is BUMPING
Stepping on a down player and shoving a coach. Stay classy Cleveland.
"They should eject the chiefs coach too for pushing the browns player, right?"
Note for next week..cover Tyreek Hill
"This just in:

# THE BROWNS STILL SUCK!"
"Was it really am incredible game for baker? Sure he was efficient, but what's the point of empty yards if you throw 0 tds and pick when the team needs you most?"
Browns gonna brown
Browns players being trash already. What a horric act by Harrison!
Its all set up for us to lose this week : / just feels like it
THEY CALLED THAT ON KANSAS CITY?
Browns looking good for real.
Chiefs defense playing like Swiss cheese rn
Sad to see Orlando playing for kc…
CBS got two good late games. FoX got trash
Baker pounding the field after the pic should be a meme
BAKER BAKER TURNOVER MAKER
Great game!
Orlando Brown was a rotating turnstile. I know he was going against Myles Garrett but give me Stanley any day of the week
The browns are looking better than we ever have against the chiefs and it’s cause they have an OC that knows how to call a pass game
"Props to Cleveland OC, calling plays that are working."
I want the chiefs to win so they're less vengeful week 2 lol
Browns are falling apart. Gah damn!
Lol. Probably still could have gotten it off if he tried too.
Holy cow browns!
This is probably gonna be one of those 52-51 games since Defense isn't happening for either team. Especially if the Browns are just going to go for 2
Browns pass defense and defense overall looks awful
Holy crap big pass from mayfield. Dude was not even covered!!!
I got the over
Holy crap if the browns score again before half time. Did not want to have to sweat them this season. Maybe they’ll turn into old browns in the 2nd half?
"Interesting to see how well we play Waller this week, cause it’s a step up next week with Kelce. Do not want Kelce to bury us."
"Lol if not only do Chiefs come back to win, but cover (they need a FG)"
How is Ward never getting called for DPI on Tyreek?
"At the end of the day,  Browns be browns."
There was some clown last week in a thread I can’t find saying Tanenhill is Elite 😂😂😂😂😂 omg that fucker is stupid
Yea typical browns hater talking shit because their brains can't possible entertain the thought that the browns are a top team now. Probly a Pittsburgh ass eater that lives in Ohio.
The browns arent actually good? Right?
And here come the Chiefs… uf.
Good stop by the browns on 3rd and long.
""
No excuse from me. Bills played like trash. The o-line got exposed a little. Bills never could handle physical teams. Josh was erratic all game.
If we somehow lose tomorrow we’re already going to be getting bashed by everyone. But tomorrow Josh Allen ain’t going to get bashed everyone’s going to say it’s only week 1.. smh
"I moved from BMore back to my high school town in BillsMafia territory. Everyone i work with is a Bills fan. They all know I'm a Ravens fan... debating how to play this tomrw... when we haven't played yet. All this hype over Josh really irks me. I think Lamar is better. I'll just wear my Lamar jersey tomrw, abs not day a word..."
"I do agree Lamar gets treated way more harshly than Josh, but I just wish this example could be with a different QB.

I like Josh and the Bills too much."
It's just weird how Lamar Jackson is treated like a fluke and Josh Allen is treated like the next elite quarterback. Neither player deserves that treatment.
Honestly who gives a shit
It should be less about Josh than it is the media.
"He's Joe 2.0

And just so we're clear I've always been a huge Joe Flacco support. 

He's better than average"
"Egh, no hate for Allen or the Bills and their fans. He deserves the credit he got and he’s not responsible for the jerkoffs who hold Lamar to higher standards for reasons we all know."
If Lamar was in his place he’d get bashed nonstop despite having an MVP
"Morons! Always propping up this kid. What has he really done other than throwing the ball in Diggs' vicinity last year? Diggs is the Buffalo Bills. He was last year and will be this year too. If he regresses, Allen is back to being a 50% passer."
This reaction is embarrassing. So sensitive over stupid shit.
The media calling that Steelers Def elite is a fucking stretch. The Bills gave away that win
"I am a Lamar fan and have probably been a fan of this team longer than 80% of the people on here, but why is it that if you guys don’t hear the media praise Lamar at least three times a day, then you slip into fetal position and forget how to function?

Nobody can give a good reason for hating Josh Allen other than the fact that the media speaks highly of him and he gets compared to Lamar. Does everyone forget how much positive attention Lamar got in 2019 and 2020? He slipped up a bit in 2020 whereas Allen excelled, so yeah, Allen is going to get some attention.

Haven’t even played a single regular season game yet and everyone is already crying about Lamar not getting any attention."
"I'll give you one: It's one game. Lamar's had bad games. Everyone (except maybe Mahomes) has bad games.

Edit: Holy shit. Y'all really upset I'm not getting out my pitchfork?"
😂😂😂
"Can we stop this chip on our shoulder nonsense every time Baker, Allen, or Mahomes has a bad game? Just because the media is unfair on Lamar doesn't mean we have to project outrage onto other teams."
“This is the year the League figures out Josh Allen.”
""
The browns were this good when we played them on monday night they were legit last year too
Did anyone not see this coming? Stefanski is a good coach and the roster is one of the best in paper
Browns got that beastly ass offensive line that’s why they’re looking so good. I’m scared a little lol.
"Cleveland was a good team last year too.  They came up short against the Chiefs in the playoffs, but they smacked the shit out of the Steelers.  They're definitely a threat in the AFC North."
That or chiefs pass defense sucks but so far unfortunately the shits look legit and so do the damn bees
This isnt an overreaction at all. With all our injuries and them getting healthy they're probably the best team in the AFC North.
Anyone who thought they wouldn’t be good was smoking some purple colored crack
"They were due. Everyone has their time eventually. Even the browns. We just gotta get in the playoffs, and anything can happen"
"If you aren't afraid of the Browns, you haven't been paying attention."
"They are a good team. It's possible to root against them but also realize they are one of the top teams now. I feel like a lot of people are so desperate to say ""same old Browns"" and make fun of them, but that's just setting yourself up for disappointment, most likely."
If anyone thinks it's LOLBrowns this year I'm not sure what team you've been watching the last year. They're gonna be tough to beat this season.. I'm worried they might sweep up with the way the schedule is set up
"Alternatively, have you considered this? Fuck the Browns. Can't wait to see them Browns it up and find a way to suck this year."
Not an overreaction. For the Steelers or Browns. Offenses look improved and Good luck to any team blocking the combinations of Clowney and Garret/Watt and Ingram.
It’s been justified for over a year
"The Steelers and Bengals already won, and the Browns look well on their way. Two of those wins would come on the road against the two teams everyone has pegged coming out of the AFC, Bills and Chiefs. Absolute nightmare start to the season for Baltimore."
Steelers were 11-0 last year.  Just sayin'.
Browns are good we can’t be holding onto the past no more fellas. Baker really boutta beat Mahomes before Lamar wow.
This post got kinda funny over the last few minutes.
"This looked exactly like last year’s Browns to me.  Above average offense when balanced, great run game can take the sails out of opponent’s by burning clock, yet give up unconscionable TDs in the deep secondary repeatedly and make bonehead penalties… and thus consistently play close games.  

They’re the most volatile team in the league in many ways because they’re good enough to win 80% of the games they walk onto the field for, but seem to win about 60% instead"
They'll fuck it up. They always do
The team I respect. The fans act like Eddie Murphy in trading places. But I will forever root against them.
That’s what happens when you put the ball in bakers hands with the game on the line
Ha ha! Cleveland remains Cleveland. A cess pool for fans and teams alike.
[removed]
""
"Can we not, it would be different if they were a rival or a team that didn't absolutely destroy us last season"
Damn that’s cold lol
I get this reference dot jaypeg
Probably a good thing we traded him
"He was bailed out a lot last year by Lamar, he allowed a pressure a game, on a mobile qb, when Stanley allowed 1 all season. It was a steal of a trade honestly, but I love him as a RT and a person so I wish him the best"
Judon wasn’t great today either
Lamar helped him so much because you couldn’t just pass rush Lamar like a normal pass rusher.
Proof that he’s not a fucking left tackle 😂
He’s missing assignments and The result is Garrett is in the Chiefs backfield untouched . Not a good first half for him.
Anyone else notice that the broadcast denoted him as a rookie at the start of the game? Seemed almost like a weird omen haha.
"damn, just hate to see it 🤭"
Hes going against Myles Garrett lmao
Guys I hear ya but it’s only one game.
He just got beat around the edge by Garrett
I mean he’s coming from a run first offense it’s gonna take him time to adjust
"Guys, be better. Appreciate what he did for us, no need to shit on him for having a bad game. Focus more on how awesome our old boys Tyrod and Ingram looked instead. We are better than this."
Lmao just allowed a key sack. He really is ass
Yeah but its not like Bateman balled out today either....
"He was always going to be ass protecting on the left side. On the right side and as a run blocker for the Ravens, not so much."
"He has always had trouble with the speed rush, it will be Gloria this season with KC who throw a lot."
CBS listed him as a rookie in the lineup!
"🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ oh well, so sad. I’m happy with the draft picks"
Have you heard him rap tho?
""
"Bills, Steelers, Chiefs and Browns all look very legit.  Gonna be tough sledding.  Team needs to come together.  Coaching needs to really execute well.  Gonna be very challenging and exciting."
"""Hold onto your butts"""
"Did you see the Bills Steelers game?

Though it’s unfair to make any real assessments after 1 week."
The Browns have the best offensive line in the league. Chubb isn't touched at the LOS and Baker has all day to throw. They're going to be tough to beat.
"AFC has way better teams 

All 4 NFC West teams could make the playoffs because as a whole the rest of the NFC sucks outside TB"
Steelers had some dogshit offense. Their D saved that game for them completely.
"Bengals play a solid game today as well. Zach Wilson impressed me, I think his team really let him down today. Decent day of football. Excited to watch Matt Stafford lead Rams"
"Bills didn’t look legit today.  Josh Allen’s deep ball accuracy was bad and his downfield ball’s while in the vicinity of the WRs were poorly placed.  Honestly the Chiefs, Browns and Steelers look scary but the Bills absolutely do not like a mediocre defense with a mediocre OL and a QB that’s seemingly regressed from being elite that’s a playoff team given there weapons but it’s a first round exit."
Gotta admit Chubb and Hunt are studs. Lost count of how many broken tackles. You can credit Chiefs for bad tackling but great running backs have a knack for causing bad tackles.
Idk I mean Ben looked pretty old today lol
The browns look legit man
Bills dont look that legit lmao. Browns look the most improved and impressive for sure
"I expect Ben and the Steelers to be good early but regress late like they did last year. Bills should get their shit together, they have great players and a great coaching staff. Browns have a loaded roster but I don’t believe Baker is an elite qb. Chiefs are still a heavy favorite imo. Us, Colts, Dolphins, and Chargers should be teams to watch down the line as well. I feel like the Titans are going to regress this year with the OC change"
"Steelers are a paper tiger. Their defense is good but captain fatfuck on offense doesnt worry me. Bills called an absolutely stupid game. Chiefs, Browns, yes for sure, very worried."
"Idk what Bills Steelers game you watched. They both had glaring weaknesses especially the Bills. The Steelers have an elite defense as we expected but the offense was dogshit. The Chiefs are the Chiefs, 3rd quarter explosion and all. The Browns look really good. I think we fit somewhere in with the Chiefs and Browns, assuming injuries don't fuck us over too hard"
Watch put for Chargers as well. Herbert is scary good
My takeaway was that the bills and Steelers offense were booty
""
"Start with ""can tavon young stay healthy""?"
"it’s been so long since he’s been healthy i honesty forgot how good he was. He def was solid in the slot, hasn’t had much chance to take a step in being elite. he hasn’t played in the regular season for like two years now so it’s hard to tell where he’s at right now"
Imo he’s never been healthy long enough to even get a gauge of that tbh 😂
"By elite do you mean like a top 5 or 10 CB?

If so then no."
"He's a playmaker without a doubt, maybe he's just been lucky but sometimes I'd rather have someone lucky than good. For playing less than 1500 defensive snaps, 7 turnovers and 2 TDs is elite in my book. Only problem is staying healthy is a skill and he doesn't have that"
Yes. Can be one of the best slot corners
Yes but his play style isn’t conducive to staying healthy at his size.
If Tavon can stay healthy I could easily see him as a top 10 cb in the league.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I wanna say unbelievable, but is it?"
This is why they are the clowns
Yes..This is true lol
Browns gonna brown
The Brownest punt attempt I've ever seen. Old school Football Follies.
Anyone else hoping for a tie?
"Easy now skeeter, we don't ever play too well against KC so let's hold our horses."
The browns are legitimately good. Sucks for them that they could’ve beaten the chiefs but I’m not mad about it
Well they’re playing the Chiefs and I thought they played a good game and had a shot to win the game. I hate them though
""
How is this a question? We need to win the division for the chiefs record to impact us.
Chiefs 100%
Rhymes with Reefs
Well we are in one of the toughest divisions in football that isn’t anything close to a guaranteed division title for anyone. We need the Browns and Steelers to lose as much as possible and hopefully we don’t look right past them like this post seems to be doing.
""
"Quietly, I cannot express this enough"
They're in a one possession game against the defending AFC Champs in their house. It's not like they're getting blown out by the New York Jets. I'd be thrilled if we put up just as good of a fight vs KC next week.
I thought Cleveland was one mistake away from winning.  I’m not laughing.  I’m shit scared.
Tony Romo is public enemy #1 on the Brown Stains board. lol
Someone in that thread literally compares Mahomes to Curry and Baker to Lebron. LMAOOO
Strip club trip with your wife’s brother rules - LOOK BUT DONT TOUCH
"Quietly read and don’t troll, save that fir the warzone that is r/NFL"
BAKER BAKER TURNOVER MAKER
[deleted]
"Hey all, moved to Northern VA since last season and looking for a Ravens friendly bar. I live in the Fairfax area if there are any local. 

Thanks in advance!"
Same boat
Ireland’s Four Courts in Arlington. I think they have a roost there.
"How bout them Browns?  Is ""brown"" a verb?"
There’s no moral victories in football you win or you lose. Don’t know how these clowns can be happy losing. I would have been furious how do you blow a 10 pt lead with all the momentum in the world
Browns gonna brown
"It's really amazing to me that they lost. The Chiefs had no answers for their offense in the 1st half, it really seemed like the Browns would score a TD on every drive.

Reminds me of our playoff loss to the Pats when we had a 2 TD lead twice. Just mind blowing."
It is an adjective used just before the word 'poop'.
"Personally I kinda think wins are a bad way to evaluate a qb, but they do matter to some extent. That pick was a bad decision by Baker. Idk if he was trying to throw it to the wr or he was trying to throw it out of bounds. He had a solid game overall though. Mahomes being Mahomes and immediately scoring really changed the game."
[removed]
Baker gonna Baker
Baker with a game ending turnover too was just 🤌
Because we’ve beaten Mahomes so often….
Baker.....
Eh. He didn’t fumble that ball or muff the punt.
""
You know Odel is ecstatic with that dooky 2nd half 👍
I absolutely lost it when the punter couldn't handle the snap at the end of the game. It's a classic browns choke job lmao. Right when that happened I knew the browns were gonna lose
THIS IS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE
But really though that Browns offense looks very good. Went toe to toe with the chiefs
Baker throwing a game losing pick 😙
"Browns lose, Baker throws a game-sealing pick, and EDC looking like he fleeced the Chiefs after OBJr’s performance….. can’t get better than that 😈"
Browns did look good until fourth quarter started. The sheer willpower of the Chiefs not to lose though...
"I really thought we were looking at both afc championship teams getting beat by afc north opponents, but then the browns had to be the browns for the final 5 minutes"
"Chiefs fans here. Browns fans talk a whole lot of shit for a supposed underdog team with a ""great fandom."" Shows their character."
"Not gonna lie, I was a little worried"
Meh. Who cares? I don’t give a shit about the browns. Pissed the Steelers won. Let’s go win tomorrow!!!!
Hahaha fuck the brownies
F U C K THE SHITBROWNS
"I'm not a petty person.  I love the Ravens.

But...FUCK THE BROWNS HAHA"
"I will always celebrate their misery. They played a mediocre defense without two of their best players and still lose. 

Choker Mayfield"
Baker choked again. Brown playing LT looks like shit. If the steelers would have lost it would have been a perfect day.
BROWNIES BLEW IT YA LOVE TO SEE IT
[removed]
This is better than the titian's losing 🤣🤣🤣
Classic browns
Hyped for tomorrow’s game
Browns gonna brown
"Request for someone to make a looping gif of Baker pounding the ground like a temper tantrum after his pick in the 4th quarter. 
I watched all game knowing that moment was coming and Cleveland did not disappoint. Well, not me anyway."
"I was hoping for a tie, because in the record for the playoffs that a half L for both"
Ha ha!
One of the few times I root for the Chiefs… when they play the Browns
[removed]
Browns like choking and Baker is bad. Chubb has to carry their offense
I mean I’m glad they lost too but really? A fucking upvote party for another teams loss. This makes us look sad honestly
Browns doing Browns things.
We need to go up by like 40 against Mahomes next week
Fuck them shitstains
Classic baker
You can't shake off the dookie. Mayfield was extra doo doo with that last throw.
“Yeah but Baker Mayfield was great until he threw that pick to lose the game!” /s
"Baker Mayfield isn’t the goods. Man if we had one of these teams receiving cores & weren’t crippled, we would be unstoppable. The AFC really is winnable man."
I’m obv happy the browns lost but this doesn’t really make our fans look good
"The best part of the browns subreddit are the comments like. “This wasn’t a “loss” “. Bitch if you didn’t win you fucking lost. 0-1. My next favourite was “we’ll get our revenge game in the playoffs”. Lol the browns won’t make the playoffs. Even in my fantasy league there’s one bandwagon browns fan who said they look so good they’re going to win the Super Bowl. Flat out said they won’t win the game, they’ll find a way to brown it up."
In our shadow forever lol
[deleted]
"For all of you guys talking shit about Baker, he outplayed Lamar."
This is awesome 😂😂 instant Karma
Careful. Talking shit before you even play your game might just bite you in the ass
[deleted]
as much as I hate to see the Browns win... I was kinda hoping KC would lose. We need all the help we can get to win the conference.
"Lol can we not mock the browns for this 
WE still haven’t beaten the browns under Lamar, how can we roast the browns for doing the same thing? They put up a good fight and stayed in it till the end
Maybe once we beat the chiefs we can say something, but until then, we really have no right to roast them for it"
Does our QB miss wide open throws and fumble twice in clutch time?
""
Orlando on the ravens >>> Orlando on the chiefs
"Got to say, I liked Orlando but Lamar made him rich don’t think for a second he didn’t"
Mahomes is doing Orlando no favors by dropping so deep into the pocket. It's a nightmare scenario especially when you're facing off against an extremely athletic Myles Garrett.
Lamar carried this man
There's no way he allowed ONLY 5
The scheme and Lamar benefits any OLmen who come here.
"E
D
C"
I think Orlando will get it going
"We should be wishing well for our guys after they leave us, except for when they're playing us"
"I hope to God that the ravens continue to follow this model

Trade guys whose values are inflated due to the system(like brown) unless they are actual elite talents in their own right.

Retain our own unique players that would be under valued by the rest of the league with mid tier deals(Gus, Boyle, Ricard, etc)


For long term planning when they recognize that they have a player that the rest of the league might over pay for they need to invest resources in developing a quality backup.

That's how they can continue to build an elite roster even after Jackson is off of his rookie contract"
"Orlando isn’t a ELITE Left Tackle, but he’s above average Left Tackle which what makes him elite playing Right Tackle. I don’t think he’ll ever replicate that success he had with the Ravens because he’s not aware of what he really is."
Let's not hate on former Ravens...wishing Zeus Jr. all the success in the world.
😂😂😂😂 damn man
Hope we can make him work as hard.
"Am I still the only one that thinks they should have traded Stanley?

Edit: “Lamar carried this man” has near 50 upvotes, but this is getting downvoted like crazy. Where’s the logic here?"
