text
""
Grew up a Steelers fan
He reminds me of a guy you'd see at a gym that tries to out-lift everyone there
His face speaks fragile masculinity
He is a mole.
"He just screams anti mask, Trump supporter, lifted pickup truck, wide beater."
God he looks like such a tool
I bet he voted for trump.
Looks like a Steeler.
"I hate to be the guy to call for someone's job as her probably has a family and mouths to feed, but with the impact this has had why isn't he being fired?"
You expect players to have lapses in judgement.  They are young and sometimes immature.  You don't expect coaches to.  You expect them to set the example.  I wonder what the mood in the locker room is.  Players might feel they have been betrayed.
He was the type to hear about mask mandates and be like bUt MaH RiGhtSsSs
[deleted]
He's losing his mind and I'm reaping all the benefits
[removed]
""
Washington reunion
"get u a contract, RGIII"
"Dude... don't wish the Jets on RG3... I want him to succeed or at least never get hurt again after how much Washington nearly ruined his life and career...

&#x200B;

Lets put him with the Patriots next year.  They have money, Bellichunk got to experiment with the running style QB for a season already.  RG3 will be a better success there than Cam."
https://twitter.com/iam_johnw/status/1332128274546307075?s=20
Trace was put on the list even before Lamar sadly
""
STOP THE COUNT
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES..
""
"Bobby 3 sticks, please don't throw a pick six"
Mark is a high risk player leaving it on the field every week for this franchise and fans while wearing an insulin pump for type 1 diabetes. Covid has not been generous to diabetics this is actually a really scary outbreak now
I'm praying for all of them.   Any lung damage will likely end a career
"Reading all of these posts and seeing how many people are positive, I would not be surprised to see him opt out now while he is still healthy.  Wouldn’t blame him either."
"I wouldn't worry too much. I'm a type 1 diabetic as well, and while it certainly makes COVID more dangerous than for the general population, it's not nearly as bad as for type 2 diabetics with other comorbidities such as hypertension, obesity, and heart problems. He's young and very much in shape. That said, right now it seems like the Ravens have a pretty poor culture when it comes to respecting the health and safety of their players and staff, which is a shame.

edit: For a top-level athlete, long-term complications could also be an issue though, which is probably what you were talking about."
"Beginning of the season i had every reason to think he would opt out for this exact reason. 

Hopefully he’s at home...wouldn’t be surprised if he’s “out” of the next 2-3 weeks"
"You guys are probably gonna hate me for this,  but believing that prayer will fix anything has probably got us here in the first place. The amount of people calling it a hoax AND believing in God is ridiculously high. 

Can we all start listening to scientists from now on?  And heed their advice?  Instead of useless things like praying and thinking Santa's brother will do anything at all?"
"Good news is for a type-1 diabetic who's been managing their A1c it doesn't present much more immediate risk. Note: just being active does not mean he has a good A1c level. Hopefully he does though. A danger it does present is that any illness can throw blood glucose out of whack which can possibly lead to a coma or ketoacidosis. Regardless, there's always the chance of normal covid effects such as lung scarring"
I would be okay if he opted out not worth his future
Does he have covid? Or do we not know yet
[removed]
[deleted]
The fuck head that infected the team being an anti masker in a pandemic with the virus
Strength and conditioning coach
Literally Hitler
[deleted]
""
The caption being backwards is a nice touch.
It’s definitely been a rough season that what made the 14-2 soo special
"For real though... Haven't heard a peep from Mark since like week 1 (remember ""Bring your own energy""?). There's no energy, no life, no sign of brotherhood. Watching the team last season brought me so much happiness every week. This season is just sad"
madden curse rip
Damn.
Back to 4chan incel.
This is the 2015 season *all* over again lmao
""
"Steve Saunders should be fired with cause immediately. I am sure the Ravens organization is considering all options beyond his current suspension.

His job as the Head Strength and Conditioning Coach was to keep players healthy, strong and in top physical condition throughout a long NFL season. His carelessness and inability to follow strict NFL COVID-19 protocols has put the health and safety of the Ravens players and staff at serious risk. There is no excuse he can provide to justify his actions.

He has potentially caused harm to PSL holders that may be in a financial position where they need to sell their PSLs this off season. Playing games without starters or forfeiting games could very well cause the Ravens to miss the playoffs, lowering the value of a PSL. Damaging the reputation of the organization and possibly losing draft choices diminishes fan enthusiasm, making it harder to sell a PSL.

He should be fired immediately so that the Ravens organization can distance themselves from his careless selfish actions and move forward to reclaim the reputation of excellence that the organization has built over their first 25 years."
[deleted]
Shittsburgh Squealers
At least there’s captain fat fuck
Steelers a terrible name all by itself
I just refer to them as bitches
"Bumblebee bastards 

And the usual shitsburgh"
"Shittsburg, Stoolers, PigPen"
"It's ok to just call them the Steelers. What are you, like, 9?"
"Nah, we're better than that. I'd rather just beat em on the field than resort to name calling and throwing hissy fits on Twitter and Reddit."
"PISSburgh, Shitsburgh, and fuck the steelers. Also call them baby bitches with that “blankie” they carry around."
[deleted]
12 players in total tested positive. They need to postpone on Sunday.
I don’t think this season will end well for any team because of Covid and I can also add to the list of “why things sucked in 2020.”
[deleted]
Dunno man. I'm a Dallas Stars fan and that run was magically worth it.
The season hasn't even started yet.  All I care about is peaking for Festivus.
What if Goodell takes away some picks? That would be cold shit. Maybe Roger takes away a 3rd rounder for the next two years.
""
Oh he’s a jackass
"If you have to call yourself a leader, you aren't a leader"
Oof his Twitter is filled with #LetThemPlay to resume college sports. Irony.
#FUCK YOU STEVE
Fool should be fired for conduct detrimental to the team. Like big picture we have some at risk players like Campbell and Andrew’s and he’s pretending it doesn’t exist
Is this the guy who infected half the Ravens team with covid??? Most probably cost them the playoffs??? This is the guy? smh!
""
This is how clippers fans must have felt man leading up to the biggest choke in NBA history... it can’t get worst right fellas haha
😂
I can relate
This is exactly how it feel this is spot on to
spot on 🤣
I feel this.
Weeks*
This is how it feels to be a Browns fan every week.
[deleted]
Leaving it here for what? If you care so much write a complaint and send it to the Nfl and the Ravens front office ❄️
"Why Squeeler fans keep coming in here and act like we run the team? Yall look dumb af lol

Edit: this mf spends more time in the Ravens and Browns subs. Imagine spending more time on other team subs, instead of your own, looking like a fucking idiot. Lol"
Lmfao Steelers fans so mad rn. Imagine we beat them with a practice squad. They’d cry for the next 20 years
"Lol the Steelers fans in the comments of that post are so fucking stupid. They really think the NFL gives us some kind of special treatment.....

Oh wait, you’re probably one of them."
"Steelers fans so scared of us they want us to forfeit.

My god, you are straight pathetic trash."
How about you fuck off back to Pennsyltucky?
[removed]
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
On some Brady shit. Because it seems like they moving the game because Lamar can’t play. They propping that boy up just for people to tear him down.
"That’s a dumb take; barring a complete reschedule Lamar won’t be playing anyways.  But yes, the tinfoils are out on twitter"
This is dumb. Nobody hates lamar and if they do who gives a fuck. He's your quarterback. If Ravens flock backs him fuck everyone else.
Theyre moving the game because of covid. Wtf are you smoking?
I doubt the media is going to shred Lamar tomorrow. They’re going to shred our FO and organization for letting this type of shit happen. You’d expect this type of shit from teams like the lions Jags just bottom feeders. But from the Baltimore Ravens who have been a class organization for years? This shit is unacceptable man our team should be ashamed for not following protocols
Can we not have dumb conspiracy theories and a victim complex in this sub? Sports fans are worse than the dipshits that still engage in video game console wars or other dumb meaningless technology brand wars.
I hate Lamar because he throws like he sees ghosts on the field.
""
"S/O to the fellow ravens fan i ran into at San Jose, CA Total Wine tonight! Nice to know I'm not alone in the area"
Big sighs
"Personally, I’m enjoying Assassins Creed. Playing as the Ravens clan while pretending every enemy is a Steeler."
""
"Always liked the Panthers too, for some reason.


Happy US thanksgiving to you bud!"
Take this upvote and enjoy your chicken bro.
All love for the Panthers and especially Sir Purr here. Happy Holidays!! (Since thanksgiving is now technically over!)
"Panthers are my second favorite team! Love the players, love the uniforms and now love the memes! Appreciate the lighthearted post. They're rare these days"
FTF
Hahah thanks SSSr. bro. We needed this
Dang that goat looks like turkey... weird
Is that the murderer?
""
hope no one has too severe of a case and no lingering effects. just got over it myself recently and the worst part has been the lingering headaches that come at random.
Me too. I think lost in the anger and scheduling a and confusion is that these guys are facing an actual and potentially serious illness.  Hoping they all recover safe and sound.
"Fr, at the end of the day everyone’s health matters compared to a game of football, no matter how entertaining it is."
"As a Steelers fan I came here to share this sentiment, while we are all frustrated with the whats going to happen that takes a back seat to these guys facing a sickness that could result in death or long term complications. I hope everyone comes out ok and healthy"
"It’s really sad how r/nfl finds it funny and likes how more Ravens players are testing positive because we “deserve it” or whatever when there are people on our team who are high risk and legitimately can get very sick and even die. I’m so fed up with the widespread belief that because COVID hasn’t made many athletes really sick, it’s not that dangerous anymore and no athlete can get really sick from it."
"We live with this in our world today but it’s much bigger than football and can have life long effects. Get well Ravens we will fight another day, when you can bring your A game."
[removed]
And Steelers
[deleted]
""
"2019 was a great season and things were looking to continue their upward trajectory in 2020 and then out of the blue Earl Thomas had sex with his brother and look at us now - covid, injuries, season probably down the shitter and maybe it's not all Earl's fault for having sex with his brother but that certainly seems to be where the wheels started to come off."
It’s been downhill since we fucked the dog against Tennessee in the playoffs.
">Earl Thomas fucked his brother

...I get it, but, uh.... lol... you know this isn't what exactly happened, right? Lol"
This is the type of quality content I come to other team's subs for
Thank you for the laugh 😂
"I agree. Although we had some bad luck before **Earl fucked his brother** things were generally going pretty well until **Earl fucked his brother.** But from the time **Earl fucked his brother** on, things have got worse. 

* Roman's lost it since **Earl fucked his brother**
* Ingram got slow after **Earl fucked his brother**
* Hollywood got the magic screw removed from his foot since **Earl fucked his brother**
* Everyone who's not injured got Covid after **Earl fucked his brother**

And it all started when **Earl fucked his brother.** Who knew **Earl fucking his brother** would have so many consequences?"
"Yes, 100% agree.  Never bring cancers on to your team.  There's a fine line between winning and losing.  Once a guy starts obsessing about money and they diss any team/coach just stay away from them no matter how good the resume looks."
"I’m a new fan, I need context lol"
[removed]
"Fire Saunders. Massive fine. If an investigation shows that the Ravens knew the strength coach was violating mask/data tracking protocols repeatedly and didn’t discipline him, loss of draft pick."
"First, they have to prove Ravens break any protocol. They didn't do anything to other teams with positive cases too. Like pats"
"I am not familiar with what the NFL protocols are. I assume some were broken, but I'm not sure what. Are the trackers a NFL thing? Or Ravens? Insight would be great here.

Considering the current evidence/assumptions AND assuming we broke official NFL protocols:

- Saunders banned from the NFL for life from all positions on all teams
- Investigation to see if other senior staff were complicit/ignoring, if so 4 game suspension
- Ravens hit with a $500K-$1M fine
- Ravens forfeit a 6th round pick"
"Fire Saunders, fine the team heavily, and investigate to see who was aware of Saunders’ fuckery.

If other leaders knew, take a draft pick. A fifth or a sixth.

Regarding forfeiture, I’d prefer that be based on the investigation too. But obviously time is a factor there. And it’s wrong that the Steelers players wouldn’t get paid for something that happened in our house. So, I’m thinking week 18 might be more likely. But forfeiture would be justified."
"Given the circumstances it  wouldn't surprise me if they took away a higher draft pick(4th?)from the Ravens compared to what they previous teams got deducted (Raiders and Saints?) , in order to send a stern warning to other teams"
"We may be known as the team that ruined Thanksgiving. At least we’re not the team that threw batteries at Santa. 

Fuck the Steelers"
That...that was the Eagles
"Fuck our organization. It's been known he was a covid denier anti mask wearer this whole time.  We deserve to forfeit straight up

And today is the first time EVER I said fuck our organ"
Forfeiting the game is worse for our team than any beatdown the Steelers could give us
"I don't think we'll forfeit, I just think it'd be more damaging to our team culture than a blowout would be"
"Also, do steelers fans know that if we forfeit, their players wouldn't get paid either"
But we’d only lose by 2! /s
""
"While I’m sending my thoughts and well wishes to all of our guys, I’m especially worried about Calais. He considered sitting out the year due to his asthma. It sounds like he’s symptomatic.

I hope he bounces back quickly. I also hope for no more positives. If we play Sunday, I would not blame a single player for sitting out. If I were Mark Andrews, I probably would sit out."
Brain dead bastards won’t understand this
"I h@D iT, It$ n0t tH@T bAd"
"“This is bigger than football”. Something steeler fans and players don’t seem to understand...

I saw that IF the ravens decide to forfeit, then both teams won’t get paid. I highly doubt the Steelers don’t want to get paid. Instead, the Steeler fans and players should suck it up, deal with the fact that the 2020 season is a complete dumpster fire due to the pandemic, be grateful they even get to watch/play football, and just wait to see what will happen to the game."
"This is heartbreaking and reason #5739472 why all the whining from Steelers players and fans has been especially repugnant. We’re talking about human lives here. No one has any idea how hard this virus will hit each infected person. Plenty of people recover just fine, and then there are those who don’t. I’m devastated for Calais and for everyone else who is going through this right now. Anyone who complains about the “inconvenience” or “unfairness” of moved games or tentative schedules, or starts preaching forfeiture as if that’s the most important issue on the table when we’re dealing with a pandemic and a terrifying virus, is in desperate need of some serious self-reflection."
My thoughts and prayers out to your players for a fast and full recovery.
I honestly hope we just forfeit and call out the NFL. Player safety my ass.
"About damn time, this thread gives me hope— finally looking at the Heath of players on both sides and not thinking this is some nefarious trick to save our sliding record 🙄"
"On the bright side, if we do play Sunday, it would be a massive opportunity for one of the second stringers to step up. This has the potential for someone to make a career for themselves and maybe even get the season turned around for us.

It's a very long shot, but opportunity is opportunity and you couldn't ask for a bigger one as a practice squad kinda player.

That's pretty much the only positive I can take from this and it's not much short of a miracle. We deserve something good this season... Right?"
if only that were true for most people....
Not really its human nature. No order exudes chaos
Maybe if the team had good leadership this wouldn't happen.  Starts up at the top.
[removed]
"NFL better not cancel or move the game again. Your team couldn't properly operate under COVID restrictions, not anyone's fault but your own damn fault."
"What's up Ravens flock. Safe to say this season's going to shit, so I decided to come up with a big plan on what we should do this offseason to go back to the team we used to be, and I'm determined that if the team follows these steps we'll have a great 2021 season.

1. Fire Greg Roman and Steve Saunders immediately. We need these people off the team immediately after the end of the season if not the end of this week. Saunders is an asshole who doesn't care about the players or staff and Roman's offensive scheme has looked predictable and incompetent this entire season. We need an OC who can make consistently good schemes utilizing Lamar and our offense that helps us win like we did in 2019.

2. Overhaul A LOT of our offense. Get rid of most of our receivers. We need good weapons for Lamar and if we overhaul some of our depth we could get a great WR from this stacked free agency. Allen Robinson, Kenny Golladay, Chris Godwin, Keenan Allen, Juju, any one of if not MULTIPLE of them would be great accusations if we decide to overhaul. Get rid of Marquise as well, I'm sick of his shit. He hurts our chemistry and has been incredibly underwhelming, I want him out of Baltimore. Overhaul most of our O-line as well. I like Stanley but we need a lot of help in other areas so we can protect Lamar. Joe Thuney would be a great accusation if we overhaul the O-line. If we take these steps, we'll be golden.

3. PRIORITIZE TEAM CHEMISTRY. IMMEDIATELY. We are a shadow of the team we were last year in this aspect. We need Lamar to become a great leader and become the Big Truss team we used to be. THIS CHEMISTRY WILL HELP US WIN GAMES. Focusing on this is an absolute priority, and it'll be a lot easier once we get a fresh start on some offensive areas. 

4. If we get a first round pick under 20: draft a WR. We could absolutely get Devonta Smith. If we get a first round pick above 20: draft a DE. Get rid of Matt Judon, a new great player would freshen up the area and potentially give us another defensive superstar. Prioritize on the O-line and defensive areas in the draft, find some good new young talent we can build. 

I'm confident if we follow these steps we will become contenders again."
"You've been playing Madden w/ salary cap disabled, eh?"
I hope our next OC comes from the spread offense school.  If we spread the field more horizontally and vertically then we open up running lanes for Lamar on scrambles.  Look at what the Cardinals are doing with Kyler and how many yards he’s getting on scrambles that’s what we need like yea sure Lamar isn’t as good a thrower as Kyler but I still think that offense can work really well for us.
"Some items to consider that make this all much more difficult:

1) Only $30m in projected cap space - but with the NFL cap likely to go DOWN next year due to COVID lost revenue.

2) Significant FA losses may happen based on 1. These hit O, D, and ST starters and depth/rotation players. Notables include: Ngakoue, Judon, Wolfe, J. Smith, Board, Bowser, McPhee, Ellis, Ward, Snead, Skura, RG3, Fluker, Edwards, M. Cox, C. Moore. 

3) Reduced draft picks due to ‘win now’ trades like Ngakoue. 

4) Overhauling a team and prioritizing chemistry are often opposite goals - or at least opposite results."
Lol. Most of our receivers are 1st and 2nd year receivers. Giving up on them already is why we're so bad at the position. They need time.
I just want to let you know Kennan Allen signed a four year extension at the beginning of this year.  Also just because those guys are due to be FA doesn't mean they won't be tagged or extended.  Allen Robinson is probably the only WR the ravens could sign out of that list.
"This whole COVID thing might be a blessing in disguise. We don’t need to be winning football games right now. Outside of COVID, this team is not very good at football and this may be our last chance in the next decade to tank for a a top 10 receiver instead of these listless fucks we got running routes right now. I hope they continue to show no fight for the rest of this season just like the last 5 weeks and we go 7-9 or something. We need a blue chip receiver prospect it’s time."
But im still throwing on a ravens tee!
"You know what? Yeah this sucks knowing we have 2 games in 6 days and 13 guys on the Rona list, but with our schedule we still have a shot with our forgiving schedule and we need to go 1-1 for a real shot at playoffs. This season has been full of the adversity we faced last year.

In the past 3 weeks, we have seen glimpses of the offense clicking. Will it be last year? Nope, but maybe the battle testing will help us as we hopefully claw into the playoff tournament. 

I know everyone wanted to give the Yinzers their first loss on Turkey Day, but how about we get in and spoil their offseason with a move like the Giants to the Patriots when they were the last WC?

Is it hopefully? Fuck yes, but all revolutions start with hope."
[deleted]
More ways for Steeler players to whine
So if Sunday's game can't be played will we have to forfeit? Doesn't seem fair since the Titans did not have to forfeit.
Damn who negotiated these clauses? The players should consider forming some kind of union or something.
"Approx 20 million dls between all players in potential lost salaries, just because of one person stupidity."
And a final score of 2-0
The NFLPA is an embarrassment. If you’re a player how do you not fire all of those clowns?
Any idea?
No we aren’t
If we forfeit then their 16-0 is tainted haha.
Im not sure Steelers fans are smart enough to tweet.
"Lol no

Also what are the cryptic tweets"
Tales from the crypt.
A forfeit win against the Ravens would be the third toughest game on the Steelers schedule.
"League would be a joke if they make us forfeit. 

They set precedent by moving the Titans game earlier this year for a lesser outbreak, and we have caused no other rescheduling. Based on the precedent I can see no fair way in which we have to forfeit"
"Steelers fans need to stfu. I get they’re having an undefeated season and that’s fair, but we’re in the middle of a global pandemic. Clearly people aren’t taking it seriously and there’s a TON of players getting COVID. 

I honestly could go either way about if they should postpone or play. I’m not expecting us to win but it would be nice to see if it could be close. On the other hand, that’s a very selfish POV. We need to consider every team’s health not just ours. Honestly they shouldn’t have had the season on the first place tbh."
"No, Steelers fans make up this story."
My thoughts and prayers out to you guys that your players have a fast and full recovery from the Covid outbreak. I wish we could send some replacements to help you guys out. I hope this virus is contained and nobody else on your team gets it.
"Thanks bro I know everyone is severely upset about this situation but I’m only concerned about these guys health. Mark Andrews is a high risk player and I’ve been scared as shit for him ever since the breakout started. I just pray all our guys recover 100 percent, football means the world to me but I love our guys more."
I’m upset with this Saunders guy as well.
"Im hoping the Ravens players impacted get well too, without complications. I'm pissed at Steve Saunders. That's it."
"Morale is definitely low, but we appreciate you and the rest of our cheese bros."
"Thanks, buddy. I echo the sentiments of others where we aren’t so much concerned about the season as we are for the guys and their families. Could there have been safer decisions made by the coaching staff? Absolutely. At this point, we just want everyone to be okay and we are pissed that we’re at this point. Hope all is well 💜"
Bro don’t you got a job? Lol
[removed]
"You do know our sub literally controls nothing that the Ravens do, right?"
"Shocker, another Maga Steelers fan"
The reason they can’t have the game is so the other team won’t have an outbreak as well.  Turns out viruses spread pretty easily.
"Thanks for typing words, Dr. Rectum."
Fuck the steelers and fuck that clown as potus.
"Did you think this through before you posted? So you want a team who is currently having a large outbreak and multiple new positives to come play your team? You want to be in this same situation as us? Losing multiple starters for two weeks? I mean I don't understand the logic, no matter how you feel about the virus (and IDGAF what you think about it and don't want to hear it honestly) if a player tests positive they don't play for two weeks. That's just the stone cold fact so playing us would probably ruin your team's chance at a perfect season"
""
RG3 aka Ryan Mallett v2.0
"Idk how Stillers fans don’t get that postponing the game isn’t just to protect the Ravens players but also the Stillers players. Legit if we played last night there would for sure be Stillers players testing positive next week.

This is why they’re sh*tposting on Reddit and (thankfully) not making important game decisions."
idk why but almost all steelers fans are so whiny and aggressive when it comes to the ravens and we're here like bro wtf
ThE RaVeNs ArE sCaReD oF PlAyInG uS wE ArE so ScArY
"The Steelers have to be one of the most dramatic franchises of all time, they can be a mediocre ass team while also having some of the most media attention and yet they complain about the nfl hating them"
"Its crazy how self centered some Steelers fans are acting. Putting football ahead of players health. Guaranteed that if the shoes on another foot and a massive outbreak happened to players like Captain fat fuck, Juju, Claypool and others they would want to postpone the game."
RG3 gone make a highlight tape on them boys
"Bro for some reason, Steelers fans are now saying that the Ravens are favored by the NFL. Like how does that work."
"They cried when they lost their bye, they're crying now that they get the bye back. They just cry, about everything. Like the spoiled little fat kid who screams at his mom for not getting enough dunkaroos."
I love RG3 but realistically he’ll probably get injured before the first half is over.
I hope my boy RG3 wakes up hungry on Tuesday
RG3 time really I mean he is a good player but our line is garbage. Our only good lineman is Orlando brown. Ronnie Stanley’s season is over and Marshall Yanda retired. Our line is one good player and a bunch of inexperienced penalty prone players.
We really have nothing to lose with the game this weekend. Backs to the wall given no chance to win by the public. Hoping we pull out a statement upset in Pitt 🤞
"I actually have a Ravens RG3 jersey, finally gonna be worth the money."
Didn’t Lamar Jackson get covid?
Where's Ryan Mallet when we need him?
We had a prime time everyone tuned in game! We are the really the only reason anyone would be/is tuning in!! Go Ravens!!
"RG3 time, we actually don’t have a worse chance without Lamar yay"
"So I’m a penguins fan so naturally I follow Pittsburgh sports fans on Twitter, and MY GOD they have not shut up about how the ravens need to be punished more. As if half our team being forced to not play is not punishment enough."
[deleted]
"The most egregious thing I ever witnessed was Mike Shanahan leaving an injured RG3 in a game when the Redskins were up 14 and had Kirk Cousins on the bench. Cousins already won 2 games in relief earlier in the season. Not only did RG3 get severely injured, the Redskins lost the game. I believe Shanahan left him in because he was friends with Dan Synder."
Im ready for RGIII to throw for 240 yards and Dez to have 120 yards receiving with 2 TD's. I am very much here for a 2012 throwback.
"end of the day, Bawlmer fucks"
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
"League officials at the \#NFL are meeting later today to discuss the \#Ravens situation. I’m told by a league source that a decision on the game at the \#Steelers Sunday may not be made today, however. Test results from today don’t come in until tonight. 

***

posted by [@AKinkhabwala](https://twitter.com/AKinkhabwala)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
This probably is going to result in some investigation similar to the Titans organization to see if the team was culpable in the actions that led to its players testing positive. Fuck that Coach Saunders. But the NFL will see if people knew anything more or if people were not following procedures beyond the one asshole.
""
Is this r/Ravens or r/steelers
"Ironically we’re not actually scared of playing the Steelers. We’re scared of playing just about anyone with literally half our team out with covid plus injuries and no Lamar. Steelers acting like they’re the 18-0 patriots.

Let’s hope the Chiefs dick them down in the playoffs. Fuck the Steelers"
"Harbaugh and Tomlin have literally split games since 2008, 50/50. Where is the narrative that Harbaugh is afraid of the Steelers coming from?"
"How about we stop talking about the Steelers in every post. It’s pathetic. We complain about their fan base, but can’t see the irony when we look at ourselves."
Steelers act like they weren't spotted two scores and got away with a OPI for another score.
""
Behind a paywall. Any way to copy the relevant parts?
The current problem is they’ve all got rona
""
Good. It shouldn’t be.
"As much as r/nfl wants a forfeit to happen, I’ll be shocked if it actually occurs. 

The Ravens are definitely getting fined and losing draft picks, but I don’t think any party involved wants a forfeit for several reasons."
"The league trying to keep the integrity of the 2020 season intact.

An 18th week just makes more sense at this point.

Fuck the steelers."
Only r/nfl is discussing this
"Honestly I’d agree we should forfeit if there wasn’t already precedent for what happens in these situations from this season. 


I also find it rich Titans fans trying to hop on this like us having one idiot fuck the team is worse than a bunch of their dumbass players practicing together after positive tests on their teams."
"I love how people apparently don't realize the NFL is a business and as such is trying to make money. NBC paid money for this game and I'm certain they want it to be played one way or another and if it isn't, the NFL will probably have to pay some kind of restitution to them. It should surprise no one that the NFL will try everything they can to avoid a forfeit. And they most definitely won't be having the Ravens forfeit two games."
"The ravens have protocols and everything in place to prevent a covid situation. There’s not much they can do when one covid denier walks in sick without a mask. He should be penalized, not the ravens, and I’m glad the NFL seems to agree"
Why would it even be in the discussion??
"Well the nfl is all about money and a forfeit would lose everyone money so it won’t happen. I personally wouldn’t care if we just took the forfeit, and let our guys get healthy for the next week and tried to continue the playoff push rather than the alternative of getting blown out with half our starters from the practice squad. I have a feeling that game on Sunday is just gonna get pushed to week 18 because the nfl really does not wanna make games just not happen"
""
"The poor 10-0 Steelers are clearly the victim here. They’re such a mistreated team with such an AWFUL schedule, oh god their schedule is so fucking hard. I think it’s only fair to give them the win. It’s a good thing we delayed the game so that RG3 can start to make the game easier

/s obviously"
"Lmao, what exactly does this prove?"
[deleted]
"“____ fan come in peace” posts or seeing them in random comments is annoying imo. We’re not a charity case lol, imo if I wanted to see the thoughts from other fans I would go to r/NFL."
"Tbh I don’t mind when other fans come in here and talk as long as they’re not being annoying, even posting is fine but god damn you’re right. The coming in peace posts are fucking stupid"
u/rodgerstojordy is the only one that’s aight in my book
"We have some of the worst mods on the site honestly, they don't even pretend to filter out posts. Any meaningful discussion is outweighed by 10 ""my opinion on the state of the team"" or ""what do Ravens fans think about...."" And countless other bullshit posts that are clickbait, polls or some average fan that thinks their opinion needs to be heard"
"I don’t care if other fans come in here as long as they aren’t just trying to piss people off like a bunch of children. However, the “coming in peace” thing is so cringeworthy and is so redundant. They act like coming into a different team’s subreddit is the equivalent of going into the demilitarized zone in the South/North Korea border. No one is going to attack you just because you like a different team unless those people are assholes and childish."
Bunch of fucking cucks with nothing better to do than overhype the worst flukiest 10-0 team in fucking history. Fuck them
"I dont mind them here, but many of them are just trolling, and or are just here to be argumentative."
"While true, I'm more irritated with the influx of trolls we've experienced over the past week."
Is it ok if I stay here. I really hope you guys don’t mind me here.
"I don't post here and I don't say dumb shit like ""coming in peace."" In fact I tried to remove this sub from my custom feed but there's no way to do that apparently. It has been interesting peaking in on the feud between this sub and the Steelers sub. I'm glad the packers and vikings subs respect each other and mostly leave each other alone."
I’d rather allow other fans to be here and deal with minor trolling than become one of those bullshit echo chamber subs with required flair rules.
"We win Tuesday. We punch the whiny, insufferable, entitled bullies right in the mouth in front of the whole league with our backups, like we did with Ryan Mallet and with RGIII last year. What if everyone recovers and comes back healthy to rally for a playoff push despite all the awful bullshit this year? Sometimes being a fan is about moments like this, and our response says a lot about us.

I weirdly crave these moments where there's no hope and the whole world is laughing at us and wants us to fail. I think it's a beautiful opportunity, like Buster Douglas or Helm's Deep for you real ones. The entirety of r/nfl, r/steelers, and a good portion of this sub think we are fucked and should just forfeit or worse, just phone it in and chalk this up to a loss. But Jesus Christ imagine if we did the unexpected. This has been one of the worst weeks as a Ravens fan in a very long time. If we lose (or forfeit) as expected then it's just what everyone thought, an end to a terrible week and the mockery continues for a while. But a win Sunday (or even a crazy fight) would be one of the most epic moments in my fandom and would be on par with any of our best victories. Things are never as bad or as good as they seem in the moment. I don't see the end of the season or franchise here, I just see an opportunity to shock the world.

Most importantly, I always try to remember this is literally a children's game where freakishly large men in tights throw a ball around and give each other chronic brain injuries. It sucks that football is our escape from the real world, and the real world is fucking up our football team. But nothing is more important than controlling the virus and keeping people alive and healthy. No matter what happens this should be a wake up call for everyone. If the game needs to be moved or cancelled, I agree 100%. But what if..."
"I'm right there with you. If we can survive the next two games, I like our chances. Buuuut, it's going to be tough considering we will likely be losing even more players. We'll essentially be playing all back ups."
"I don’t expect us to win, but if we do, I will never let Steelers fans hear the end of it."
I mean I’m okay win or loss I have no expectations as long as we don’t blow another lead. If we go up 10points at half time we better fucking close out the game this time. Blowing another lead would somehow make the week even worst
"If we win, the Steelers are never gonna shut up about not having a bye"
We will pull the biggest upset of the year and that will be enough for us to rally back and take the division
"I mean, 99% chance we lose on Sunday, but god damn I’ve never preyed harder for a RG3 bounce back in my life. Imagine if this dude randomly turns into RookieG3 out of nowhere right now"
*Tuesday
"I'll keep watching every minute of every Ravens game sure, but I just have less energy for football this season. Fuck the Steelers I hope they get exposed in the playoffs"
Never surrender. Play better. Expect more. What happened to the mottos instituted into the locker room last year?
They’ll say it was because of all of the uncertainty and schedule change
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k278rm)"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k2798e)"
"The Steelers are still very good.

Just not THAT good."
Steelers getting beat the first round in the playoffs
"It was the Pats last year, and it’s not close. But short term memory and current events will lead the Steelers to win this poll.

People were saying the Pats had one of the best defenses ever last year lol."
"The Steelers are super overrated, but people were calling the Patriots a “generational defense” like the 2000 Ravens. I have not heard people say such positives things about the steelers- but I also don’t listen to yinzer radio, nor do I have a desire to marry my cousin or drink straight Heinz ketchup"
"Shittsburg’s 🎂 walk Szn

-plays the whole nfc east 🤦🏾‍♂️ 

-bengals & browns twice 💩 

-saved by refs vs titans, ravens, and cowboys 😰😰

-Played 2 teams above .500 😤😤

-Mickey mouse schedule 🐭 🐭 

-barely beat denver 🤢🤢"
"It’s close, but these Steelers are just too overrated"
2019 Ravens
Holy fuck. Can us steelers just have our goddamn year?
Why isn’t the 2019 Ravens an option?
""
[deleted]
Week 18 coming right up
Yesterday they said there were 4 new positive players... we know about Ward and Lamar. Did they ever say who the other 2 were?
"Per source, Ravens had one additional player positive today from a point-of-care test. PCR test results will be returned tonight.

***

posted by [@ProFootballTalk](https://twitter.com/ProFootballTalk)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Tweet: “I ain’t even mad. I just want all them boys to recover and be healthy.”
"Big vince, I appreciate u"
Finally someone with sense
"Steelers fan here and this has been my mindset the entire time.

As much as I hate the Ravens, I care more about humans and know that this virus sucks bad. The two games I look forward to the most every single season are the two times the Steelers and Ravens play. I'm not one of the whiny fans out there asking for a forfeit or the easy way out. This rivalry is hands down the absolute best in the NFL when both teams are as close to healthy as possible and all of our best players are out there scrapping for that hard fought W. This ain't a soft rivalry.

I hope that your players come out as healthy as possible at the end of this and don't have any of the nasty lingering effects that it can cause. And with the absolute UTMOST respect, Fuck the Ravens! (I know you guys feel the same)"
"As a Steelers fan I was sad that I didn't get to watch them play the Ravens for Thanksgiving, but the correct/smart thing is being done. Even better that the game has been pushed to Tuesday night, hopefully it'll be televised as a prime time game. Hope everyone recovers well and that we have a classic cutthroat game on the 7th!"
"i don’t really like any steelers players, but one i don’t mind is vince. he’s got that old school LB mentality, a physical run stopper and blitzer. i like watching him play"
"As a Steelers fan, I’ve never understood being upset over the games being delayed.  These are real people, and COVID needs to be taken seriously.  Football is just a game."
I respect that. I can imagine the other players were frustration tweeting and have similar sentiments
"Mods, can this be a honeypot thread to get rid of all these damn lurking Steelers fans?"
He should teach their scumbag fanbase a lesson on class
Respect
"I don’t think steelers players and fans are mad at the league for moving the game, they’re mad at the ravens for allowing this to happen, which they should be. I don’t why ravens fans are crying about the steelers fans crying."
"Steelers fan intruding. 

I love big vince. Dude was a great special teamer that became a starter for years. That's admirable. 

And he is approaching this reasonably. If this game gets moved to week 18 or cancelled completely and that somehow costs us a bye week in the playoffs, who cares. 

These are people's lives. The pandemic is a big deal. I hope as few people as possible get affected and those that do recover. This was always gonna be a weird season. I just want people to stay safe.

I love irrationally hating y'all. Its fun. Rivalry in sports is such a great way to channel hatred on something that ultimately doesn't matter. But this isn't something that doesn't matter. We need to put hate aside a minute. 

Also, Hines kicks ed reeds ass. Troy was better than ed. Ray is a murderer. Flacco is pathetic. And when you come at me with some ben shit, that's alleged (and probably true and terrible.), But we've got video of Ray Rice. Fuck y'all (but for real stay healthy. )"
""
Yes
"With a few weeks to gel, Dez, Snead, Stills, Duvernay, and Hollywood could turn into a solid WR group.

But we’d have to actually start using Duvernay and Dez lol."
"For sure. Worth a shot. If he falls to us though! I can’t imagine he will clear waivers, or even fall to us."
Why would he want to come here?
"The Houston Texans are releasing WR Kenny Stills in a mutual parting, sources tell ESPN. A veteran WR in Stills now available to sign and help a playoff team for the stretch run.

***

posted by [@CameronWolfe](https://twitter.com/CameronWolfe)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I'll say it a thousand times. We could have prime randy moss on this team and he would help us. Receivers are extremely limited if a team doesn't throw them the ball

We have talent, we just don't use it."
[deleted]
if he’s not in the building by monday i’ll be pissed
"hopefully he falls far enough down in waivers, but i can imagine NE, NYG, or CHI taking him. at least we get to decide before Green Bay. itd be stupid to not sign him if he falls to us imo"
"Yes, please."
Please sign me up dawg
"If he falls to us through waivers, I’m all for it. Why not? We have very little in that position. Nothing to lose."
No chance he gets past all 4 NFC East teams on waivers
Let’s goo!
It’s waivers right? So a team with a worst record has the rights to sign him before we do?
Yes.
One can dream
"Yes, please"
Doesn't he have a problem with drops? Idk I haven't watched the Texans much this season
"I wish we got Robbie Anderson, but he would be a good alternative"
He’s literally better than every wr we have right now
"Please stop with this. We could have prime randy moss on this team and he wouldn't help us if we don't throw the ball. DeSean is balling the fuck out right now, getting numerous different players involved and Kenny still wasn't producing.

We have talent, we just don't use it. More players doesn't change that, it just makes it worse"
[removed]
""
If the steelers lose that entire city is going to erupt in anger.
"I’m surprised it’s not a week 18 game but the nfl is doing everything they can to avoid making a week 18 rn

I’d imagine Dallas is on Sunday now or will be moved there shortly 

edit: nvm next Monday at 5pm"
This also means that our game against Dallas is also going to be pushed back probably.
Wait will anyone who was on the list be able to make it back on time for the game?
Lmaoo what about the Dallas game
Weather calling for SNOW
Steelers fans finna be big mad rn lol
Just hope the Dallas game gets pushed to Monday and not Sunday that way we get Lamar back
IT'S TUESDAY NIGHT IN AMERRRRICA!!!
"Hmm, so Dallas will likely be Sunday. By then, we could have some players back."
Moving to Tuesday means we can get B Williams back. I’m sure he was on the list for close contact right? The 5 days will be up (providing he doesn’t get the virus)
"&#x200B;

Lol, so COVID will be all gone on Tuesday?

&#x200B;

RG III still starting...."
Bum bum bum bum!!!
"Everyone talking about the steelers fans crying as if they don’t have legit reason to be pissed. They’re getting totally fucked. I’m not mad about it, i just think its funny to see people act like they aren’t."
"Steelers will win but will catch Covid-herpes from playing your team. That will put all the starters out for 2 games and then Ben will die because he’ll have a reaction to the vaccine that will be out by then. 

Browns win Super Bowl. 🤷🏼‍♂️"
[removed]
"It’s not about competitive balance or being able to play more regular starters. It’s not a refusal to go “next man up”. It’s about containing the spread of the virus and protecting the health and safety of all players. We have guys testing positive every day now that were negative the day before - playing Sunday would likely mean somebody who tests positive Sunday AM (and you don’t learn until Monday) would be on the field.

Frankly, most of your fans don’t understand the issue because you keep framing it like it’s about allowing us to field more players, which it is not."
"I think it has to do more with there still being positives coming in, so the outbreak is not under control. Playing Sunday would potentially jeopardize players on both sides until we know for sure there aren’t any more positive tests coming. If we have a couple days of no new positives, we know likely the players won’t have been infected by this outbreak and it is safe to play. That’s why moving it to Tuesday to give a couple of extra days makes the most sense"
"I think the majority of our sub doesn't want the game played because we don't want to infect the Steelers or our healthy players. We've been getting cases daily and based on the current trend there's no indication that more positives will not show up on Sunday.

For the most part I don't think there's major homerism going on here. A good amount of Ravens fans are fine with the game being forfeited even if it doesn't benefit us. We recognize that the health of the players, both Steelers and Ravens, is most important here. An equal amount want the game postponed, more or less for the same reason, not because we're afraid of losing or want better playoff odds.

If the team isn't getting more positive cases, we're totally fine rolling with RG3 and the rest of what we got, because whether it's Sunday or Tuesday, that's likely what we'll have regardless. If not, forfeiting or moving to week 18 are all options it seems most of us are willing to accept."
"This post should be deleted by our mods. 

The game has been moved to Tuesday. The packers/niners game is a false equivalence to what is happening with the ravens. The game has been postponed 2x to control an outbreak and nothing else.

How many times do we have to point these things out? It's tiring."
"Honestly, I wish there was more conversation around this (like what youre doing) rather than “I’m just here to shit on the ravens for internet points”. It’s not like we are happy that this is happening. The way that our season is going, I dont think anyone cares when this game gets played bc we are a mess no matter what and who we have available to us. My take, which seems to be unpopular for some reason, is that the longer the game gets put off the better - covid is active and spreading across this team right now, why risk spreading it to a 10-0 team. 

My take is that it makes way more sense to just move the game to week 18 and forget about it - I understand the double standard and why Pittsburgh would be upset, but all things considered, that’s just the way that it is. It sucks, but these are the circumstances we are dealing with this season (I’m not trying to be a dick, I honestly think this is just common sense).

As far as other teams like the Titans and 49ers are concerned - I have no idea what to tell you, but its not like the Ravens have any control over this. Be mad at the NFL, not the Ravens. God forbid the Steelers have an outbreak and have to answer to the same questions/criticisms. This can happen to any team, this is the world we live in right now."
"As others have said, thank you for starting a decent conversation. And as others have also said, it's not about having our starters on the field or not. We have a huge problem because we keep seeing new positives every day.

That is why NFL initially gave both teams 3 more days to ensure no more positives would trickle in, and now they're giving the game another 2 days since we had more positives yesterday. With each new positive, come more close contacts and so on. So it's a matter of not spreading the virus onto other teams.

We could've gone ahead with the game on Sunday, but imagine if come Monday 2, 3, 4, etc. more players test positive, this would now mean close contacts exist on the Steelers too. Which would create a snowball effect and a chain of spreading throughout the NFL. That's what the NFL wants to avoid.

As a Ravens fan, I trust our depth chart and will believe in whoever we are able to field. But beyond that, I've stopped caring about the game and the season. All I want is for our team to have no new positives and to see our players get healthy without any major issues."
Fuck off moron. Do you want your team to risk getting Covid because players are actively testing positive?
Why do these fucking morons keep coming to our sub? Jfc
"**Attention ""fans coming in peace,"" and all lurking other fans of other teams:**

# We are not worried about who plays and who does not play. We are worried about infecting your fucking team! 

Please let us worry about our players' health, and the health of all of those in the Ravens facility, and all of their loved ones, in peace. We know the Ravens fucked up. 

Now that you know how we really feel, please just go away, and if you happen to cross paths with someone who thinks we deny that the Ravens fucked up, please tell them that you have been here, and that we know."
"The game has been moved to Tuesday to eliminate any possibility of fielding any positive players to infect both teams. Not ""to screw the Steelers"". People that test negative one day could test positive the next day. At this point we're playing with fire if we continue the season in my opinion."
"We already know who RG3 and Gus are, so playing them wouldn’t help us learn anything new if that’s what you mean.

My opinion is that whatever punishment the league doles out is appropriate because the team fucked up. I’d prefer an investigation to determine how many people turned a blind eye to Saunders before the team is punished, but I understand that this may not be feasible and that it’s pretty likely that other leaders were negligent in not addressing Saunders noncompliance. So I don’t think we can be upset when we’re punished as a team.

However, I don’t think the 49ers should have had to play back then. The game should have been postponed. Two wrongs don’t make a right, so basing any decisions on this past game doesn’t feel right because it’d be doubling down on the wrong choice. So I don’t think forcing the game to happen is the right choice.

If it weren’t for Steelers players losing their checks, I’d say a forfeit would be fair. But since this would hurt the Steelers players, I think postponement makes the most sense.

**Also, ignore the fragile members of our sub who will downvote you and tell you to go away.** I’d rather people’s opinion of the sub not be colored by the worst of us. It’s embarrassing."
Steelers fans really want covid for some reason ffs.
[deleted]
""
Cowboys game could probably be on Sunday
Incoming more Steeler tears
"I'm guessing the Cowboys game gets pushed to Sunday/Monday. The question is... when was Lamar's test taken and when does that 10-day window come into play. Was it when it was taken, or when the results were made public."
"Ravens and Steelers pushed back two more days until Tuesday. Obviously, Ravens-Cowboys, initially set for next Thursday, will have to be moved as well. 

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I know Steelers fans aren’t going to like this but it makes the most sense for the NFL to make a week 18 and push the playoffs back a week. I think it’s not a matter of if but when at this point. It gives the league so much more flexibility.
"&#x200B;

What time is this  game? 🤔"
"Is there still 2 weeks from AFCCG/NFCCG to the super bowl this year? 

just move everything up and do AFCCG/NFCCG and then boom superbowl"
"Steelers fan from the U.K. here (Ravens are a close second favourite.) 

Moving the games makes sense. My only gripe is that they moved it from 1am Friday (too late for me) to 6pm Sunday (perfect, I’m off Sunday!) to 1am on Wednesday.. which is too late again 😂 

Yes the Steelers get a shorter week.. but they’re 10-0 so the result won’t exactly win or lose the season for them. If one days less prep means they loose vs Washington then they’re very lucky to be 10-0. These are very unprecedented times, I’m just happy to have football to watch to be honest."
Monday at 5pm
This gives our players a better chance of playing against the Cowboys. And the Steelers get a condensed week. Double W
[removed]
He has to fall to us in waivers first. I doubt he gets to us. But fingers crossed.
He has better hands than what he have on the roster. Hope he falls down the waiver and we scoop him up.
SHIT GOODELL IS GONNA FIND A WAY TO MILK THE HELL OUTTA THIS
Think of all the lost thanksgiving ads
"I like Tuesday night football when there’s a game on thursday tbh 

Only gotta get through Wednesday without football"
"That number excludes the Titans-Bills game last month caused by the former ""failing to communicate with the players regarding practices"". That sound very sus and I'm a Titans fan."
I think per contract Tuesday is supposed to be a day off. But I wouldn't mind seeing a Sunday game moved to Tuesday
[deleted]
"No, he will not play. He has to have 10 days between tests. He will miss two games."
"""Following a positive test, if the player is asymptomatic, he can return once:

10 days have passed since the initial positive test; OR

Five days have passed since the initial positive test and the player receives two consecutive negative PCR virus tests at least 24 hours apart within that five-day period""

Yes he could play."
[deleted]
Lamar and the rest could be back for this I think?
Monday bb
well the positive is everyone on the list rn obviously if taken off the list can play for the Dallas game next Monday
"Oh shit, that mean the cowboys game is 2pm here on the west coast?! I might have to call out of work for the last half of the day..."
5PM? That's a bit early.
"I'm assuming players can't practice while they're on the list. This would mean Lamar would only have like maybe one day of practice before the cowboys game.

 Do we really want a Lamar with no practice to start immediately?"
Gifts are nice.
Ravens should really have to forfeit this game. Getting a little ridiculous
""
I fucking hate that coach. What a fucking scumbag
I kinda wonder who the unnamed player was in the initial tests if it wasn’t Lamar.
"\#Ravens QB Lamar Jackson's positive test came in Thursday's round of COVID-19 testing. He still won't play Tuesday night against the \#Steelers, but based on the timeline, it's possible he could be cleared in time for the rescheduled Dec. 7 game against the \#Cowboys.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[removed]
""
The Ravens have been protecting a LS for this very reason. Might come in handy now.
"Lamar Jackson is officially on the Reserve/COVID-19 list.

Here are the three other Ravens players added to the list, based on tests Thursday:

FB Patrick Ricard
DE Justin Madubuike
LS Morgan Cox

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
FFS
[deleted]
Jesus. Our Dline is 3 deep rn. Ravens look smart keeping that LS now though
The Wolfpack has been broken up 🥺
Morgan Cox... This better not hit the rest of the wolf pack!
Has saunders been shitcanned yet??
Make it stop!!!
"To nobody's surprise, none of our WRs came into close contact with strength and conditioning coach which is pretty clear considering none of them can fight for the ball"
"I think I've had enough...

Where is the CEO of Covid-19? I have a knuckle Sandwich for him."
You gotta be kidding me
"Lamar Jackson, Patrick Ricard, Justin Madubuike and Morgan Cox have been placed on the Reserve/COVID-19 list.  
📰: 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

 [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/En280uwWEAE086N.jpg) 

[Link in Tweet](http://rvns.co/ar6)


^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"If Cox got it, then is Sam Koch at risk of having it too?

Does that put Tucker at risk of getting it too???

Omg I’m literally fucking panicking. Fuck Steve Saunders or whatever the fuck it is. Holy fuck."
Is this only happening to starter quality players or are those just the only players they tell us about?
[deleted]
We have a pro bowl COVID roster.
STOP THE COUNT!!
Lol literally everyone that has snapped the ball for this team is out.
"Really glad we kept Tyler Huntley on the Practice Squad since he is our new QB2. If you watch last years Week 17 we were starting RG3 and our top 2 RB's were Gus and Justice so we have done this before. We also didn't have Calais or Justin Madabuike. Nevertheless, missing these guys is gonna hurt pretty bad."
Let's just throw the injury list in there as well.
" Even Morgan Cox? Well, I'm glad we got that LS on the practice squad."
And this doesn’t even count the injuries we may still have.
"So all these guys are out and most of them could be back for the cowboys game now, correct??


OUR SEASON IS STILL IN OUR HANDS"
Our receivers are so bad they can’t even catch COVID...
Who’s our backup QB on Tuesday?
""
Wow thanks for breaking the news
""
"“Lololol they’re scared to play us”

In all seriousness hope everyone gets well."
*oh how the turntables have turned...*
They should forfeit
“If the move the game it’s because they’re the darlings of the NFL!! Special treatment!!”
"Man, I just want to laugh like crazy, you can't make this shit up.

But I won't, because this fucking virus is ruining everything we love in the world. People losing their jobs and livelihood, their relatives, their health is in jeopardy, this entire situation sucks major balls. I just wish it would be over so we could get back to the regular ""fuck the steelers / ratbirds"" posts"
"Tuitt is a big loss he’s really good but I think the other 2 r backups 

hope everyone stays safe I don’t wish this on anyone"
[deleted]
Get this mans face off my screen forever please
🤔
Ban this franchise from the league
Oh how the yinz-tables have yinz’d!
"That can't possibly be true, because just earlier today I read a post in which one of their fans explained that they are careful so they haven't had more than one positive all season."
I like how this has been news for over an hour now and their sub has like one excuse-making post about it and that’s it. Very few comments. Typical.
"I definitely did copy and post in the Steelers forum. What will they say now that their players have it now. Can't say they got it from us.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2020/11/27/steelers-place-3-players-on-reserve-covid-19-list/amp/"
This seems to be for possible close contact with someone who had it and they reported it as they should. If you wanna compare these situations then its a little weird considering the coach's discretions.
If we played yesterday. Our guys would have gotten it. So it works out so we can be as healthy as possible. Funny how shit works out lol.
That’s called Karma
"Hey at least they most likely won't be able to practice just like we won't be practicing before the game Tuesday...If that game even still happens now. At least that will be fair since we were going into the game without practicing since our facility will be closed. 
Can't stand Steelers fans all bitc*ing saying they were losing out on this and that when they had Every advantage with us having covid players and no practice b4 Tuesday game. And they don't dare want to wait to play us if we had all healthy regular players. But now it looks like there team getting karma for their players talking crap online. Has to be right..If they want to say we weren't following protocol for our players to get it, then how could their players get it if they were? Double standard as* mofos. Act like everyone that takes precautions against covid in every way won't get it...Yeah,Ok. Our players took all precautions and that one coach didn't and his maskless face spread it around the facility. What will Steelers say now that they got it? Can't blame us!"
What a joke....
“Ahh oh how the turn tables”
"""We do not care about covid protocols or things of that nature."" - Tomlin, probably"
"Lmao instant karma, but srsly just hoping everyone gets through ok"
something something turn tables.
but ThE rAvEnS havE mOrE
This is the ravens sub
[deleted]
"Think about it, the Steelers don't know anything about the people who theyre about to face but we know everyone. I'm really hoping for a shocker"
"I hope we win too, but lets not get crazy with the expectations. This is going to be a tough fuckin' game to win."
I’ll be watching this game expecting to lose 40-0 so if it’s anything better than that I’ll be happy. Shit if we can lose even 24-17 or something at least we can make fun of them for almost losing to our backups.
I’ll be happy if it’s within at least 10 points. We’re literally playing guys straight off the street atp lol
Lmao we’re getting our shit rocked we’re losing more and more players don’t be delusional
Anyone else getting the replacements vibes?
I am going to have to leave work early.
"I live in CA, games gonna be at 2."
You mean Tuesday?
Out here in the ol Mountain Standard Time I have to leave work at 2:30 to be home for 3:00!  I actually bumped a meeting from in person to Zoom for this..
Still be working when they kick off. That’s weird!
A late prime time game for Europe!
""
I just hope Lamar and rest of our guys are all doing okay and with get back to full health.
Will B will potentially be back for the cowboys? Definitely not by Tuesday right?
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[removed]
""" aS a YInZeR "" can yall shut the fuck up and stop coming to this sub? Jfc yall annoying af."
Franchises who draft top 10 QBs should be treated as 10-year olds who want a puppy: they must first prove that they are capable of taking care of them
[deleted]
Or maybe that dumbass coach is just an idiot
A coach being a fucking idiot and a pandemic has nothing to do with curses.
[deleted]
SO IRRESPONSIBLE!!! STEELERS SHOULD FORFEIT THE GAME AND LOSE THEIR 1ST ROUND DRAFT PICK!!!
"It’s Hawkins, Tuitt and Buggs. They are reporting close contact. So who in Pittsburg brought it in?"
"Idc we gave this man shit for his rough stretch earlier in the season. He's been playing great since the Colts game and people are still shitting on him. He's lost two friends this season, and where can he go to take his minds off things? The internet where people are joking about his covid situation 🤦🏾

Lamar the mvp bruh idc, if covid fucks up his career like Cam's Imma be mad asf. He's been MUCH more accurate, he's kept us in games. People really out here thinking he can't throw the ball like he didn't drop 36 on the league last year

We gonna come back from this. Maybe take an L to these crybaby squeelers that's cool, reg season don't matter. We gonna get the whole squad back and b ready for the playoffs, ONG i can't see a team beating the Ravens full strength. 

Steelers? Only lost by 4 🥱 Chiefs? Idgaf they defense overrated. We can win a shoot out. OMM I hope the ravens play the titans first, drop a 50 burger on them with a fully healthy defense. Banner #3 otw y'all"
Lamar can turn to several places instead of the internet.  And Covid didn’t fuck up Cam’s career. Multiple injuries including a foot and shoulder that caused him to miss extended time.  There’s absolutely zero reason Lamar would have a lasting effect in his play.
"I wouldn't call him the GOAT. 

He hasn't proven he's the GOAT yet. He's proven he's a good QB when he plays well, but he hasn't produced any results. If/When he produces post-season results, I'll be happy to see where he stands against other top tier QB's, but as of now, he's a good QB."
You are delusional. Or very optimistic. I hope we win too
BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
[removed]
He has to pass waivers first.
Hell yeah!
""
Undefeated in a Ravens Jersey against the steelers. Say it ain’t so.
Imagine we actually win... Steelers fans would be crying so bad. Fuck whatever happened last week against Tennessee we still historically own those clowns. This win would be the win of the season imagine a crippled team beating a 10-0 team at full strength. Steelers fans would have 0 excuses they’re due to take an L and what better team to do it expect their arch rivals
That hoody is fire
RG3 with clean handoffs coming to Gus.
Can you imagine if he outplays Lamar the next two games so significantly this fan base calls for him to start over Lamar down the stretch
He’s been here for years!
This is karma for all the shit I talked to my WFT friends while going to school in DC.  But I still believe!
"I know it's asking alot, but maybe roman will mix up the play book with a different QB. Not gonna hold my breath on that tho...."
Bobby triple sticks is about to pull through
Creds @theravenshub on IG
"Steelers fans: we aren’t overrated! We are the best team in the nfl

*has to play the ravens w/o any DLine starters, No MVP QB, Missing 3 linemen, one Starting RB*

Steelers fans: THE RAT BIRDS HAVE TO FORFEIT!"
Are there any Ravens fans who actually care when we get called the Rat Birds?
"As much as I love trash talking and boasting, we're getting handed the golden platter in terms of we fucked up but still getting treated nicely. 

As much as I wouldn't want to see it, the NFL had the right to force the Ravens to forfeit. 

Both from a management and player standpoint, the organization dropped the ball. This isn't a simple ""we forgot to pull our mask up"", it was a person knowingly going against the rules and having no accountability from the organization for his actions. We can say fuck the strength coach all we want, but we should also be scrutinizing the management that allowed that behavior and actions to exist."
"nah man, as a yinzer i dont want to win off of covid, i want your team to at 100% and our team to be 100%.

i want the best team to win, not the least infected one"
[deleted]
[removed]
I think they should be forced to give away some of their WR
[deleted]
They confused the term outbreak and breakout understandable.
R/agedlikemilk
Checks date of article. Someone’s having a piss
Dez Bryant* ready for breakout season
"To be fair, it doesn't say he was going to have one, just that he's ready for one. I'm ready to win the lottery"
Still waiting
We're shitting on dude but as soon as he leaves the team he'll be playing better than any other receiver we have.
"Idk, don’t count him out yet"
What an idiot.
[removed]
Where do we stand on the waiver order? Will he even get to us?
Kenny Stills is an instant upgrade to every WR on this roster.....This is a no brainer signing so it wont happen. This team will stick with that awful BUM Boykin instead and $60 says he doesnt catch another pass this szn
Personally I don’t think Stills would change much to the ravens offense. If anything he’s a slightly better willie Snead
Is Kenny Stills gonna make Lamar Jackson throw a good ball? Probably not.
[deleted]
So do we have any other tackles?
"He played the entire game for us vs. TEN and did well so that sucks 

But if we can just not lose anyone else we maybe have a shot but who fucking knows at this point"
So what's that 5 healthy lineman so one injury tuesday and what happens?
That’s starting Right Tackle Will Holden to you Pelissero
"Most of us already knew last year how the bandwagon operates, but holy shit every social media platform has turned on Lamar from some else's shitty decisons in the organization"
"Well it’s good they’re getting off the bandwagon now, because we don’t want them back and never wanted them in the first place"
"I don’t ever think anybody on the sports media world was truly on our bandwagon.. they keep moving the goal post for Lamar week to week. They’re gonna let Lamar chill for about a week and not criticize him because of covid but the moment he steps on the field again it’s lights camera action, unrealistic expectations, blaming him for every loss even tho it’s clear they don’t even watch the games, Etc etc. they will finally leave him alone when he wins a SB but until then we’re basically the cowboys now"
I miss people hating us because we were good and not because our players had the audacity to get infected by a virus that has killed millions
The trolling this year is off the charts. I think it has more to do with people being assholes than actually being football fans.
Fuck that shit. Root for your team. Anything else is just a distraction.
Everyone hated Ray at one point in time too.
"Fuck the bandwagon fans straight up. 

Like sure, if the team catches your attention and you wanna hop on that’s fine but you better be ride or die from that point on as far as I’m concerned. 

The hate is fine in my book, fuck it. I just hope our boys come through this thing in tact."
Maybe our merch will go on sale at stores that over bought when we were hot and now real fans can get some Christmas bargains.
"He hasn’t been as good this year as last year, obviously, but there have been so many other problems, including Stanley’s injury, that you can’t blame the seasons issues on him"
"Let them turn away, bunch of fair weather douches who know nothing about football."
"Have you seen the guy who is a ""Steelers and Chiefs fan"" and makes fun of other people for liking ""bad teams"" ex: the cardinals who are literally good this year."
[removed]
Damn Lamar needs to stop his 5G radio transmitter before he infects the entire team
God maybe they should forfeit tuesday
It's getting ridiculous now /s
John Sherman Smith-Schuster complains about a game being moved. The Steelers get COVID cases like 2 days later. I’m pretty sure he’d take that tweet back.
"My teams reaction wasn't great. Let's just hope everyone recovers 100%. 

I LOVE hating y'all. But this isn't the time for it. This isn't just a game right now. Hopefully we see you Tuesday or week 18."
"If I can be frank, the whole covid news with the Ravens have been playing second fiddle to me all week because one of my dad""s best friends is in the hospital for covid and Im scared for this man. He's been there for my dad and our family through the hell we've been thought for years. Between my dads oldest brother that helped bring his family over from war torn el salvador dying in 2009 to my grandmother dying of heart failure 2 months back, this man was there for us with love and support. And he might be gone soon, god forbid. When I read Ju Ju's tweets about being mad over a game, it immediately filled me with rage that someone who is above and beyond protected better than the rest of us had the balls to say something stupid like that. Idk, all that silly love I had for ju ju is just soured now."
Seriously just forfeit the game and get healthy
"Hahhhaahah this has the be a shit post right?

We genuinely, wholeheartedly can’t deem the two comparable."
[deleted]
"Additionally, with how the tables have turned there's no way the Ravens should be expected to forfeit with both teams experiencing Covid related setbacks at the moment. I can't see the Tuesday game happening at this moment either. Most of all I'd like to take the time to say that even though we all love football and want to see our favorite teams out there each week, their health in these trying times takes precedence. With players league wide testing positive now is a time not to focus on Wins and Losses or Playoff spots but rather the health of these humans who have put themselves at risk to participate in this season. Praying for the players health and hoping for the best."
Agreed. Man fuck covid
"At this point in time, we don’t actually know if any Steelers players tested positive. We know they were added to the Reserve/Covid list and will likely miss Tuesday, but it’s not yet clear if they were added because they tested positive or added as close contacts. 

It’s hard to keep up with the high volume and frequency of news related to this story, but I think this is an important distinction to make."
"With cases of Covid surging to new all time high levels across the country, other teams might soon be having similar problems.  If this affects a few more teams, rescheduling will take a supercomputer to figure out."
"“Testing positive”

I was under the impression they isolated 3 close contacts, not positive tests?"
The Steelers and test positive they were in close proximity to someone who did.
"Steelers getting positive results? Pittsburgh should have to forefit!! We can play this game too, Steeler fans"
[deleted]
This is the man that needs to have a talk with Juju and claypool
[removed]
"Brown, Snead, Boykin, Proche, Duverney, or Dez.   Who do you cut?"
Our receivers are non existent. I’m not sure the exact reason why but kenny stills would probably be better than some of our guys
"You could go back in time and get a prime
Jerry Rice and Lamar would still miss him by 25 yards downfield"
"Let's make winning on 12/1 a tradition!
Last year, it was the 49ers (that was a great game)
Time for an upset!!!"
"MAKE IT 8 IN A ROW FOR BALTIMORE.

Sigh. I miss 2019"
""
Hell yahh
"Is there any way to find out other than players?
EDIT: I am referring to the Ravens coaches and staff specifically."
"Yes, but names have not been released. But Zrebiec has reported it’s been a mix of staff and players every day. I’d imagine if it were Harbaugh or any coordinator we’d hear that."
"It is strange.
You would think like the food service people and the custodial staff and others would be getting dragged into this too."
Browns and the Vikings
It sounds like just a conditioning underling of saunders but no name released
""
"I was at that UL game. Teddy had just left so I figured we didn’t have an elite QB for the next season. 

Most his plays were runs. But dude ran like a wild man."
🐐🐐🐐
Lol of course they are runs!
Where does a team even find another long snapper? Can we just yoink one from the streets?
We got a guy we’ve been protecting on the practice squad. I think his name is Nick Moore
The only team with a practice squad long snapper. Lol
""
"Aww, now he got Wayne supporting him too? Ah, hell yall gone miss the playoffs now, dude as much a curse as Madden and Drake 😭😭

Edit: Great flow on Wayne tho"
""
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Hes gonna walk in and blow up Heinz Field like Bane did to it in the Dark Knight Rises
Damn that would be an amazing additional story.
"Step 1: Sign Suggs as NFL grants emergency waiver to let him play this week

Step 2: Suggs collects 5 sacks, 2 FF, and 2 INT's 

Step 3: Suggs Officially retires a Baltimore Raven

Step 4: ???

Step 5: Profit"
What is going on with him anyway? Why hasn't he retired?
T Sizzle is my dad
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"So I’m a big cyclist and with COVID and the emergence of Zwift (basically a game where you use your own bike and pedal to move your avatar on screen, hill resistance is fed back to the trainer your bike is hooked up to so hills feel real and are much harder) the UCI world champs are now all virtual and will be run on this game! So......

Let’s move all remaining games to Madden! And we know who the reigning Madden NFL pro champ is right!!

My final point of the day - fuck the Steelers."
Ride on! If you ever want to ride @MattyChays.
I helped Zwift hire their Game Architect! Ride on and Go Ravens! 😂
""
Lol! So true it hurts
"No man keep him awake

Everything started breaking once he went into a coma we need him on gameday"
Pain.
Lost 3 of 4 since the bye and have had a fucking outbreak happen on our team smdh
Take me back to the Texans and Rams games
plot twist: the nurse is a steeler fan and smuggly turns on the tv to nfl news and leaves the room.
"Not like we were playing all that great before, the signs were there."
[deleted]
"I'd also like to see lamar w/o g-ro.

Sounds great."
As a Louisville fan this just angered me beyond belief lmfao they came for Lamar AND Devante.
“i’d like to see lamar w out greg roman” yeah. us too man. us too
"I unsubbed and removed it from my channel completely, done with it. It’s a shitty echo chamber full of stupid ignorant people. Felt much better since, and I will go somewhere else for my nfl news."
And that’s one of the more reserved takes on Lamar that I’ve seen
Lamar without Roman sounds like heaven where do i sign up for that?!
Someone save me please
I just expect it now so it doesn't disappoint me. He'll bounce back in no time and all these haters will crawl back to their caves.
I too would like to see Lamar without Greg Roman lol
"Ironically this was one of the more held back takes on him. They typically go *in* on this man.

Makes my fucking blood boil."
Fire Roman please 🙏🙏
"1) Stay out of /r/nfl, it's bad for your mental health. 

2) Lamar is one of the most disrespected and criticized QB's in the entire NFL, the idea that anyone is overrating him right now is hilarious."
""
"""Plague Like A Raven!"""
If we lose we should have just forfeited because we wasted their time but if we win it's because the league was giving us special privileges...? Man everyone just wants to hate on us don't then 😂😂
If you win then honestly the Steelers are jut fucking trash.
"It’s just backlash from last year and a return to normalcy as a Ravens fan. While it was fun being the toast of the league last year, our Super Bowls were won down in the mud when nobody outside the fan base and castle believed."
Don’t know what the Steelers are complaining about they literally got as much time off as us 💀🤡 it’s not like they played on Sunday and have to play again tomorrow both teams have had 10 days off
Anyone saying Ravens got a favor is clueless. NFL is protecting the steelers from us giving them covid and they are to stupid to see it. 16 players from the 53 man roster cant play tomorrow. Our starting QB cant play. Steelers got their precious bye week basically. And to top off the fact they get our practice squad Ravens couldnt even practice before the game for you know the 16 new players forced into starting roles. If were even remotely competitive tomorrow will be shocking. Steelers must have desperately wanted to have covid to be so pissed about not playing us already.
"Everyone is going to talk shit on everyone. On the flipside, if the Steelers win, they're winning against 20+ of our players being out including our starting QB. If they lose, they're losing to a team of practice squaders. It's more of a lose-lose situation for them than it is for us."
I mean threatening to go on strike to get an extra day of practice is special treatment. If I were Goodell I would have said you either play Tuesday or forfeit.
""
Please let’s keep this
I like it.
"Not going to lie, this is my phone's wallpaper now."
[Purple Update](https://imgur.com/a/g1n0nnD) as requested
I was expecting this to be ironic and bad. Why is this good?
Change the red to purple and it’s good
"""Plague Like A Raven!"""
"Uhm, love it. More of this please."
"I’m the counterside but this is hilarious and I send my applause and upvote to a fellow redditor.  I genuinely wish the best to your positive guys, with a speed recover... I have already lost somebody in this shit so for now personally I leave the rivalry aside. We can still shit talking again next year hopefully all safe"
Them Crooked Vultures vibes
Sidebar material
Birds of Plague 🤘🤘🤘
Damn i would get this tatted
This would be fucking awesome if they did this for a game close to Halloween
Genius.
 *The abyss returns even the boldest gaze.*
This would be a cool tattoo imo
Black and Yellow Sus
This looks straight out of the game Darkest dungeon!! Love it!
Change red to purple
This is really clean aint gonna cap
Would love make this into some type of merchandise lol
Go Ravens!  The Fighting COVID Corvids!
Can we actually use this pls
This is so good! Did you do it?
Problem with this it’s a plague doctor.... not a plague bringer lol
"Man, this is great! You could probably do an Oriole as well."
Simply amazing. Thank you for the new wallpaper!
I like this
Damn this looks nice
""
"I decided to look at the CBA to get some answers (even though the NFL has lawyers for that they actually pay, and they don't pay me). Oh well. If you have any comments on my legal analysis, feel free to share. Lawyers often need multiple heads to look at this stuff. 

\*\*This is not a defend the Ravens at all costs post. Baltimore/Maryland/America needs to take COVID seriously, and the Ravens need to face punishment. This is just a 'can someone tell me what is going on' post because that's how I've felt these past couple days.\*\* Also, I looked at the actual agreements and rules, not articles, because I actually believe that the NFL is coordinating an effort to make this look more confusing than it is by crossing wires with  conflicting reports. (That's a conspiracy though, and not part of this lol.) 

First Talking Point: ""The Ravens threatened to go on strike rather than play on Tuesday."" The Ravens might have vaguely threatened to sit out (my guess is the Ravens called Goodell and said we can't play), but they would not have been successful, and they would've both known this. As is standard (and legal) with just about every CBA, the players have signed away their right to strike by entering into the CBA. Sitting out is a work stoppage, and it is a strike (Article III, Section 1). It's just icing on the cake that this would have been over working conditions (would have been a strike even without that). I will not speculate on the facts of what happened behind closed doors, but the bottom line is this threatened ""strike,"" if there was one, was meaningless, and the NFL and the players know that. There was likely no strike. What was more likely is the players saying they couldn't play and the league begrudgingly agreeing, but that's me editorializing. 

But then that begs the question - can't the Ravens just forfeit? 

Second Talking Point: ""The Ravens should forfeit."" This is one that I actually parroted (before you come for me, I just want the spread under control). I actually still think that's the solution. But it hit me that the Ravens *might* not have the ability to unilaterally forfeit. (Fair warning: This one is very gray -- purposefully so if you ask me.) 

First, it's worth mentioning that the CBA makes literally \*no mention\* of what happens if a team forfeits. (This makes sense, it doesn't ever come up, literally not once has this happened, so what's the point of arguing over it.) 

Second, the only rule in the entire NFL Rulebook about a forfeit is that the final score would be 2-0.

Third, the special COVID portion of the CBA again makes no mention of forfeit, and it makes no mention of what happens if a game is cancelled or postponed. I know that sounds unbelievable, but you can look for yourself. 

So here's where we are: the only thing that makes mention of these things is a [memo](https://apnews.com/article/virus-outbreak-nfl-tennessee-titans-new-england-patriots-football-5d5029eb608a74b4c9b66ddf9ce42c11) from Goddell to the league (after the Titans outbreak, how soon we forget). It is clear from the memo that the *league* could make the Ravens forfeit, and that this would also be a forfeiture of their game checks (however, that was not agreed upon in the CBA but I'll leave that one alone for the players' lawyers). Also, if the Ravens wanted to forfeit, they don't have an avenue to follow of what that would look like, as there has never been a forfeit (which again, it's okay if it happens for the first time in 2020). 

Long story short, unilaterally forfeiting is not black and white like I thought it was. On one hand, it sounds wrong to say a team of any sport can't forfeit. On the other, the NFL has an agreement, in which the players gave up certain things, like striking, and got things in return.  The NFL can definitely make the Ravens forfeit (not saying they should, saying *can*). However, I cannot confidently say that the Ravens have the ability to unilaterally forfeit. If the NFL views a forfeit as a strike, then the players signed away their ability to forfeit. 

We'll see how this all plays out. I could be wrong because I have to imagine the owners knew what would happen if a game had to be cancelled even if they didn't have it in the agreement before the season started, and there is a secret agreement or an understanding that this would be the plan all along -- postpone at all costs. (There are also obvious money driving forces at play here, too.) I'm just saying, for all of our edification, there is a *chance that* the Ravens could not elect to forfeit."
"Shouting ***FoRfEiT*** on reddit, twitter, fb etc was never about player health, player safety, contracts, rights, it was about the easy W against a tough divisional rival during a relatively easy season (schedule).

No regular fans have the knowledge of even remotely considering the consequences of a professional sports team forfeiting a game. Everybody's acting like they're a huge loud drunk crowd in a shitty pub. Things just don't work that way, people need to stop being online-smart because they're obviously not (and it's not just about sports but practically everything)

We're in the middle of a fucking pandemic. Lucky to have a season at all (although some of us think it shouldn't even be started at the first place)"
Tldr
"No player/team wants a forfeit.  Even with so many out player who are available want to play as for many, like RGIII, it’s not just about winning now it’s also about getting something on tape that can help them get an offer next year.  With careers so short for many a forfeit or even a voluntary miss of a game can be detrimental to their attempts at a career.  It’s a difficult spot for many players and one that the nfl exploits."
""
"""Plague Like A Raven!"""
Problem with this it’s a plague doctor.... not a plague bringer lol
FYI I did not create this
"Why the hell is the game being played tomorrow?

 If you have to reschedule something 3 times in less than a week because of a highly contagious virus, maybe it’s not safe for the players and support staff of both teams to participate (never mind others they come in contact with). 

Forget all the BS about whether or not rescheduling the game benefits someone, or whom should forfeit etc..., this lunacy is out of control.

NFL never had a plan and still doesn’t."
its all about the money
"This guy ain’t bad. Not every Steelers fan is a bumbling idiot, just like we aren’t all Saints. We don’t pay to injure players... wait wrong kind of saint."
The NFL has the M.O.E. plan. Money Over Everything
The league would prefer if teams blame each other for how the virus is handled because it takes the attention away from them.
"I said before they even moved Thursday that we should just fckn forfeit and go into quarantine and get right. We shouldn't win the Steelers game regardless, we're missing too many guys. 6-5 with our schedule can still make the playoffs, who cares? Oh yea...money.

But - The NFL's failure to properly buffer the games either through a bubble like the NBA or padding the schedule with bye weeks to account for adjustments is the real problem. There was no pre-season, there's no reason we couldn't have done this."
"Its all about the money

IMHO it should be forfeited, in fact if I was in charge of the NFL at the start of the season I'd have said

""If a team can't play a game because someone of their side broke protocol which caused an outbreak they forfeit, rescheduled are only good in case of an outbreak and no one is at fault"""
The NFL and common sense are like oil and water. Should have been moved to week 18. The league was worried it would be a meaningless game but that happens every year anyway.
[deleted]
FUCK THE STEELERS
FUCK THE STEELERS AND FUCK THE NFL!
This game shouldn’t be happening but since it is - FUCK THE STEELERS. See you boys in the post game thread
With the state of both teams I propose we have Tucker and Boswell attempt 10 - 50 yard field goals and whoever makes the most wins the game. All those in favor?
"Go to work.
Get paid."
are we sure its game day?
"Im still bracing for another delay, but Let's go!"
Who's watching the game from work?  LFG!
Man I’m really about to leave work early to watch our backups play. I think I might be addicted
*Stream from Work Flock*
"Oh hell yeah, today’s thanksgiving!"
🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️🧜‍♂️
"How can I listen to the radio broadcast of this game on my phone. I'm at work in Iowa

Edit: nevermind, I have to go home to quarantine because my mom and dad just tested positive"
FUCK THE RAVENS AND JUST PLEASE DON'T GET COVID IM BEGGING YOU
[removed]
""
"I doubt the coaches browse this sub and probably wouldn’t even answer that question.

Educated guess would be not unless rg3 gets hurt. Our offense is built for running QBs like rg3"
Let’s hope not. If he’s in the game that means things are going terribly. Really wish fans would stop hyping up players that aren’t good
Only if we're up/down by a good amount in the fourth quarter or something happens to RG3
If RG3 gets hurt.
I was reading Jeff Zrebiec saying he doubts it because Trace hasn’t gotten any type of conditioning or practice in this week...and even said Huntley may be the backup. Idk
"Gameday! What are we thinking about tonight's, naye, this afternoon's game? I am very curious to see what Greg Roman can come up with playing with a depleted offense. Our defense looks okay, except for the fact we will definitely miss some DT-action with Williams and Madubuike both out.

I am very curious about tonight's game, it will be a win or loss that'll define the season..."
RG3 remains undefeated against the Steelers as a Raven.
"I don't even know man, I'm mentally checked out. I love this team but this season has been a nightmare."
"The possibility does exist to be the upset of the season.
The possibility also exists to be the largest deficit in Ravens / Steelers history.

I am more worried about our ability to keep putting points on the board than I am keeping their offence off the field.
I just don't think we will be able to keep up today."
I highly doubt today's game affects how the rest of our season goes. I think the real game is how we play on Tuesday vs the cowboys. If we don't show up to that game then we're wasting our time.
"Curious is the wrong word, I’m dreading to see what shit he puts together."
Expecting a loss and moving on
"Personally, all I am hoping for is no more injuries. I legit don't care if we lose this particular game, I actually expect it, but man does that put a sour taste in my mouth. I am interested in seeing if Dez can continue his way up the depth chart though"
"I am expecting us to get walloped. We are missing so many players it just seems like the chances of winning are almost 0. I will of course be watching and rooting for our practice squad though, because fuck the Steelers."
We play balls out and win. Maybe catch the steelers napping and build up a big first half deficit.
[deleted]
""
More like against themselves.
Lol. Ravens brought this on themselves
""
RG3 to Dez all day long!!!!
If we win this game somehow I’ll tattoo RG3’s face on my ass...and I’ll do it happily
I love the optimism but I'm gonna scratch this game off as an L. I hope I'm wrong but I'm not confident.
"Dream scenario:

Greg Roman thinks that, without Lamar, they’re going to need to run the ball a lot more. 

To his surprise (but nobody elses), running the ball a lot in an offense built around the run *works.*

It works so well, in fact, the the Ravens actually beat the Steelers. This makes Roman think “wow, if we could do this with backups, imagine what we could do with the *starters.*”

Cowboys come around and Roman tries running the ball and feeding Dobbins a ton. They blow the doors off the Cowboys and look like the Ravens on last year all the way to the Super Bowl."
I’m not trying to get anyone hyped too much or anything but my dream last night was RG3 going off today
It was a close loss when we had our team at full strength now half the team won’t be playing I don’t have high hope
SPEAK on it Dex!!
*in lamars voice* LEZZZZ GO LEZZZ GO DEZZZZ GO
Well that didn't go as planned.
"Hi Ravens fans, would any of you have a template of this meme by chance? I can’t find one online, would be much appreciated"
Narrator: There would be no stunting.
"Let’s go boys!!!!!!

Edit: [Source @RavensNumbers](https://twitter.com/ravensnumbers/status/1334110881446318081?s=21)"
"How is this line only at 10.5?  I know we usually play these games close but damn, we are missing so many people."
Perfect!
Worst Thanksgiving game ever.
Bruh I’m working
This is as complicated as Dark.
"lol, straight outta an SNL sketch"
Haha. That’s a mouth full!
"Jeebus, this headline gave me a headache

...but its still good haha"
Anyone know where I can listen to the game?
I am confused.
I'm surprisingly excited for this game given the state of our team. Time to channel 2015!!!
At least our beatdown will come after some great meme work
"I'm ready, but I forgot to thaw the wings. Oh well."
Who was screeching like a wounded cat after that tackle?
[deleted]
"You seem cool but I still am obligated under Section L, subsection 5 of the r/Ravens unofficial rules to say fuck the Steelers. 

Have a pleasant day, you crazy yinzer."
Its insane how narrow minded and stupid people are. The NFL isn't trying to protect the delicate Ravens. This situation is different because we had an out break with multiple players testing positive daily. Imagine if the Ravens played Pitt on Thanksgiving ignoring this outbreak? Now the steelrs would most likely get an outbreak and so on and so forth
I just want this whole thing over! But this type of outbreak will happen again for someone else during the season. Let’s hope it’s handled better than this.
"This right here is something Mr Rogers would be happy to see.

Have a good day."
"Go choke on a Primanti's sub. 

Kidding.

Good luck.

FTS."
"stfu dont come in our sub

jk good luck as well"
"We do, too. Also, fuck Steve Saunders 🧜‍♂️"
[removed]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k59bs4)"
Hell nah lmao
""
"Let’s be realistic about this afternoon...we’re without an entire defensive line, offensive line, virtually have no TE or our starting QB, and they haven’t practiced in a week. Playing against one of the better teams in football. 

So 6-5... we have the cowboys, bengals, jags, browns,  giants - we SHOULD win all those games if the team is back to healthy. And we’ll probably need to.

Go in truzz. Fuck the Steelers. Fuck the browns. Amen."
"This is cake compared to 2018 at the point we benched Flacco. Losing record, Rookie going in, had to basically win out, and we pulled it off. Belee."
"And in true 2020 fashion, the Browns game will be our toughest hurdle."
"10-6 makes the playoffs almost every year. With a 7th seed now, 10-6 is almost a guarantee. I think we get away with 1 more loss, but winning out would definitely guarantee us a spot"
Always been the case. Ravens never get help. But they always control their own destiny.
"I'm ready to go back to being the ultimate ""nobody believes in us"" underdog that the entire league craps on.  That is until our team comes charging into the lions den with a spear screaming like a banshee and ruining the narrative.

Harbaugh has to be having the time of career with this pregame speech.  Everybody is sick/hurt, nobody thinks we have a chance, but its the f'ing Steelers.  Win or Lose a few of these nonames are going to prove to be true Ravens today by stepping up and kicking ass.

Big Truzz, time to remind the league what Ravens football looks like."
You guys better win all those fucking games. WFT needs cowboys and giants losses lol
Got to catch up to the Browns first. Oh the irony lol
"Honestly hoping we don't make the playoffs this year.  Lots of quality midround talent in next year's draft, get healthy, hire a new OC, grab an elite receiver or OL in the draft, and come back hard next year."
[deleted]
"In your opinion, what would be a realistic effective game plan to come out of Pittsburgh with a W?

To me, it seems clear that running the ball 40-50 times would do it, considering we could have all 4 backs for today, while mixing in play action passes. Pittsburgh will also be without Stephon Tuitt who they had last time. 



as far as their run game vs our defense, we might even have an advantage, since they don’t have James Conner. 

Our secondary is at full strength and it should also be noted that we didn’t have Jimmy Smith the last time we played.

Finally, lettuce pray that Gro takes his head out of his ass in this one."
Turnovers from the secondary. Run the ball down their throats with Gus Edwards and JK if he's activated. Take any points we can get whether they're with Tucker or not.
"Convince Pittsburgh to say ""fuck this shit"" and sit their starters to protect them from the virus."
"no turnovers, pound the ball, clear eyes, full hearts"
"You nailed it except I want to phase out Ingram and Hill shouldn't play anywhere but special teams.

Sometimes we rotate too much and it prevents us from getting into a rhythm."
"Defense gets a shut out and Tucker hits 3 FG. 

In my wet dream, we win 9-0 and utterly piss of the the entire world."
Prior to the snap our lineman start clearing their throats - if the Steelers are smart they'll be in no hurry to engage and the Ravens will get off the ball faster every time.
"Game Plan:

1.) run the fucking ball


2.) defense be god tier please, you're our only hope


3.) win"
"Ride the bus to victory!

Running successfully keeps the game short, keeps their offense off the field and negates their biggest strengths in the pass rush and turnover potential. Not sure how we can do this without an O Line, but it's the best plan I got"
"To super simplify it, we have to play a mistake free game and force the Steelers to make a couple."
"Idk why but I feel much better about this game today then I did Monday. I think we'll still lose but it would be much closer. As for how we win, mark ingram must perform a sacrifice to the football gods."
If there is ANY chance for a win it will come down to time of possession and ball control. D will probably need a few turnovers and the run game must take control. But due to our patchwork O line I doubt the offense will get much going in the air or ground
"Same way we won week 17 last year. 

Don't turn the ball over and run them over. Let RG3 run as well. He's unironically a fantastic runner, and still has his speed."
"Not adding much here. Run well, limit mistakes, create mistakes. But one wildcard that is out of our hands... Pitt is fully capable of coming out flat and playing like shit. It’s unlikely vs us in a rivalry game, but them taking it lightly/ being rusty, vs our us vs world mentality could be just what the doctor ordered."
"Running is key, but I feel like we need a quick score early. PA bomb, flea flicker, or at least some type of speed score. On the one hand we've had hardly any practice recently so not much time for the backups to get in sync for trick/timing plays, but we also should have the advantage of the Steelers having little to no tape on the guys we might heavily feature which could lead to some misdirection. I think everyone thinks that we're gonna run a lot with Gus, but I'd like to see some creative screens to Duvernay or Hollywood and see if they can take advantage of their speed."
"I think our best chance at winning is points on defense.

I don't think our offense will be able to score enough by themselves.  Scoring on defense and keeping a short field for RG-III.
And for the love of God.
NO STUPID PENALTIES!!!!"
By getting more points than the Steelers.
""
Mandrews slander :(
*The Soulja drops it
Andrews drops it? It should it be Andrews is wide open and has to dive/leave his feet to make a circus catch
""
hope the Ravens win so r/NFL has a meltdown. And cause Fuck the Steelers.
"""It's gonna be cold, it's gonna be grey, and it's gonna last you for the rest of your life"""
Well done 👍
This is amazing
now this actually put a smile on my face 😂 thanks man
I hope we win and watch everyone lose their shit
Does anyone think we should just give Trace McSorely his chance today?
we're gonna get owned
"Wow those refs were bad! Why is #82 on the team, what a pussy!!!"
Shit was glorious
[deleted]
"getting kind of sick of these threads about how half our roster is out because of Covid and the Steelers are 10-0 and we need to respect them, blah blah blah...

The Steelers are Hoes. On them we shall stunt.

2 points:

Who have the Steelers beat? I mean yeah they beat us, but we have Greg Roman as our OC and a legit bottom 3 recieving corps. The Steelers struggled against the Jags (also hoes), in a game which jeapordized their undefeated season. 

 Yeah I know Broderick Washington is going to be heading our D-Line, and I know Lamar is out. But I ask you, how can a fully healthy Steelers Offensive line exploit our 3 Defensive lineman if James Conner is out? Big Ben will be forced to throw in our secondary that still has 2 ALL PRO CBs.

We are going to destroy the Steelers. Our offensive may be mediocre when healthy. Our defense may have forgotten how to tackle. RG3 may throw more picks than completions, but he played like Jesus in 2012 and when he won the Heisman.

Fuck the Steelers... Ravens 20-13."
"The only way to survive humiliation is to own it, well done"
"Lol I’ll take the enthusiasm over the goddamn doomers infecting this sub. 

Not saying people can’t be worried about this game, but the giving up on the season is too much. We’re a 6-4 team in the playoff hunt, you’d think we were the Jets by the way people talk."
hah
"I'm with this guy! Fuck the world and fuck the Steelers. 

If we don't get into the playoffs, fucking sucks, but we'll be back next year. 

""Never take counsel of your fears."" Stonewall Jackson"
Bruh you gotta put the /s so some karma whore from r/nfl can’t come crosspost and get free “ravens bad” karma.
The Steelers crushed the jags 27-3.....not sure what game you watched. Maybe you’re thinking of the Dallas game.
I lost it at “who have the Steelers beat? I mean yeah they beat us...”
gotta love it lmaoo
We beat the Jags 27-3 thats not a struggle. That would be like yalls 59-10 win over the phins was a close game
"Steeler fan here. I think you're forgetting that we also beat the titans, which you guys lost too. Ee also have one of the best (if not the best) defense in the NFL currently, so your inexperienced quarterback is going to throw a couple of picks right to Fitzpatrick, Haden, Nelson, or another one of our other amazing secondary players. Also, our d-line is having a great streak of consecutive games with at least one sack at 68 so yall better prepare for your guy to get bruises all over him. Consider it one of our ""Welcome to Pittsburgh"" presents. 

Also, Big Ben has only 5 interceptions this season, compared to 24 touchdowns. Whereas Lamar Jackson has 6 interceptions and a measly 15 touchdowns. So yeah, Ben might throw a pick, but you can be sure he'll be slinging touchdowns all night long. 

That being said, I hope we can actually play a nice, clean game. I've been on this sub constantly saying that I hope your players get rid of the nasty virus real soon, and that I can't wait to see an amazing game played. Im praying for the safety of all your and my players, and I hope you will too. See yall on the field!"
" 

>The Steelers are Hoes. On them we shall stunt.

Can we let this meme die? It backfired on us already"
"LETS GO FUCKIN GET SOME AND GIVE SOME WE COMIN AFTER GRANDMA AT TEA TIME

FUCK THE STEELERS AND FUCK THE NFL"
Love the energy
forgot to mention the star of the show FUCK STEVE SAUNDERS
If the ravens lose they are eliminated from winning the afc north and the steelers are set up nicely to go 16-0. Fun times.
This game is going to be more lit than the Rockefeller Christmas tree tonight  /s... maybe
"There we go, someone posted this earlier and didn't call me a bitch, it didn't feel right."
"From CHIEFS KINGDOM, go get it boys!"
FUCK THE RAVENS AND I HOPE WE CAN ACTUALLY HAVE A GAME
FUCK THE RAVENS
""
well if he hates us I cant *imagine* how much he must hate yall
[deleted]
"The Steelers have the same exact schedule as the Ravens but play the Bills and the Broncos instead of the Patriots and the Chiefs. Of which the Bills have been a better team than the Patriots... The six week stretch of the Steelers not traveling was simply due to a coronavirus outbreak with the Titans.... the Steelers also travel the second least of all teams. That is correct, but number one is the Ravens.... the Steelers also practiced until Friday on their official “bye week”. That’s doesn’t sound like rest to me. I appreciate the work you put into the post, but your points have glaring holes in them."
The reason they had 6 weeks without travel is because their week 4 away game vs the Titans got canceled. That then took away their full week 8 bye and made their “bye week” 3 days off in week 4
""
At least the few games Flacco started were their most competitive games all season.
""
Man that sucks. We're shorthanded enough--the players that are eligible to play should play.
"Wow, usually Dobbins has to average 10 YPC before he gets prematurely benched"
Makes sense. Wish it was different but they haven’t practiced in pads in weeks. You can’t not practice and then go execute at a high level in the NFL.
Did anyone think THIS was what was gonna give us the win?
At least this will slightly shut up the steeler pissbabies that think the NFL pushed the game so we'd get players back.
What a waste
Maybe coaches figure were going to lose so they are just benching people to be safe?
Personally we were underdogs going in to this game at FULL strength. With our situation? Sorry to be a downer but I don’t see any chance we win. I’d rather not expose them to injury when it’s really not going to help much - you know it’s going to be a physical game the way it is.
This really sucks
If they're not playing then there is a reason good enough for either of them to not play.
[deleted]
"I think the only reason this game wasn’t cancelled is that NBC paid a shitload of money to have it Thanksgiving Night and expected a ton of viewership. The league is also negotiating new TV deals right now, so they probably feel obligated to keep the networks happy. If NBC wants Wednesday afternoon, they get Wednesday afternoon.

I’m surprised NBC would not rather have a week 18 game though. At this point it looks like week 18 is a real possibility as cases ramp up in the league and nationwide. It would probably be limited to games with playoff implications so Ravens-Steelers could have been one of only a few games, if not the only game. I’m sure that would get better numbers for NBC than Wednesday afternoon."
"Not to mention 11 straight days of the team having a positive COVID-19 test. If this game doesn’t qualify for a cancellation or reschedule to week 18, what will?

Screw Goodell."
"This is about contract law and NBC not the NFL.   NBC has a contract with Rockefeller center (Tishman Speyer) that says that thry will telecast the Christmas tree lighting live, so they can't then go back to them and say ""you know what, we have decided to not do this to show a football game instead with another client."""
""
Damn four more of these and we’ll have the entire roster for today
i think we see a HEAVY dose of Dez ~~tonight~~ this afternoon\*. Short dump routes and him fighting for more yards.
"If this were 2013, we all would be ecstatic about having RG3 throwing to Dez Bryant. It's crazy how things can change."
Post this in /r/cowboys we basically bandwagon yall now.
[deleted]
"I love football 🏈, that said we have had 10 days of positive COVID cases. This game should not be played today. 

IMO they should move to week 18 or just cancel it."
"Yes, they are pretty much past the point of no return now."
[deleted]
I threw a buck on Hollywood getting 100 yards and a td. It was like +5700 ish.... figured why not.🤷‍♂️
"While I would bet on the Steelers to win this one, I feel that we have a better chance to win than most people on this sub think. The Steelers have almost lost to many bad teams this year. Yes, the Steelers are a good team this year but have proven that they are very beatable despite their undefeated record. Our elite secondary is still intact which is huge and is capable of creating turnovers. Yes, our D line is depleted, but considering the circumstances they did a better job than expected in handling Henry last game. Our offense will definitely be shaky this week but plenty of bad offenses have looked competent again the Steelers this season. Additionally, we have multiple “unknown” factors on our offense in some underdeveloped players that may surprise us with their increased workload today (Duvernay, Dez, Dobbins, Proche). Also, I think RG3 is still a bit of an unknown. He looked very lackluster last year in his start against Pittsburgh but the weather was terrible in that game and haven’t seen him play in good conditions yet. Like I said before, I don’t think we will win today but I think we will be pleasantly surprised today regardless of the outcome."
"Let's set our expectations. Mathematically we almost can't win the AFC North. I just hope we give Dez some practice today, and that the team recovers, keeps uninjured is ready to play the cowboys next Tuesday.

Yeah it's going to suck if we get blown out, but you can't be surprised if it happens given who's even on the roster. Avoid r/NFL as it's going to be a massive jerk-off over the ""rule-breakers"" losing. 

Best case scenario we keep it competitive and maybe win a close one if the Steelers REALLY choke."
"I understand, but you've gotta wonder how they're gonna fare with a depleted OL that has already been pretty lackluster this season. That's my biggest concern today."
"who cares what ""chances people give us""

We'll either win the game or we won't - we'll find out in about 6-7 hours

We have a lot of injuries and COVID absences, it would be a miracle win. But we'll see"
"If we win we’re going to the Super Bowl no doubt, Big Truzz."
I just want they play healthy a this point
We won with Ryan mallet... anything and I mean ANYTHING can happen in this rivalry
It'll be hard for us to win but the Steelers are paper tigers this year. They have been extremely lucky in a lot of their games. Sometimes that's just how it goes (like our 2012 run). This is a weird game. I don't like our chances but anything can happen.
"Trace no longer has covid, so he might play a few snaps"
""
[removed]
"If we beat Pittsburgh and end their undefeated season while putting us back in the playoffs I would not give the slightest fuck what any other fan thinks, not that I even gaf now nor should any ravens fan.

They’re probably all mad because Lamar has beaten their team before"
Wolves do not concern themselves with the opinion of sheep.
Uh...why?
If RG3 balls you’re going to be unfond of my subsequent comments. Go Ravens!
"Who cares what other people think about Lamar.  Lamar doesn't care, why should we?"
People are going to bitch regardless. You shouldn't concern yourself with it.
[deleted]
"Tbh just hoping we can see some flashes of greatness in our back ups or starters. I'll literally take any one of the following


* Dez to have 10+ catches for over 100 yards
* Gus & Justice to combine for 200 on the ground
* Hollywood breaks his funk for 100+ receiving 
* A no name OLB for 3 sacks"
Pretty sure the team with its roster healthy and not playing with mostly backups has the benefit
"If you lose, follow the GOP precedent, sue and claim you won. /s"
"If the Ravens lose today, they will be in the 9th seed for the playoffs.  They lose the tiebreaker with LV Raiders based on their conference record."
""
Things are bad enough get that cursed cake shit outta here
""
We’ve done with Mallet we can do it with Rg3!
[deleted]
I’m trying to decide when an appropriate time to start drinking for this game is
Now here’s “Wonderwall”..
"""The ravens broke protocol they should lose a draft pick""

Answer:  The NFL has only docked draft picks for repeat violations.  This was not a repeat violation.

""The Broncos were forced to play, double standard for the ravens.""

Answer:  The Broncos had one player test positive and three players go on the close contacts list because they weren't wearing masks in meetings.  The ravens had over 15 players test positive.  The delay of the ravens game was due to several players testing positive for consecutive days.

""The ravens cried about playing Tuesday to get Ingram and Dobbins back.""

Answer:  the Ravens didn't want to play Tuesday because they had not practiced AND Ingram and Dobbins aren't playing.

""The ravens got four other players back by delaying.""

Answer:  None of them are playing either.

""The titans made the steelers miss their bye.""

Answer:  Tell me how many yards Ben Roethlisberger threw for in week 4?

""The ravens are getting an extra day of rest because their next game was moved to Tuesday instead of Monday.  The steelers only got moved to Monday. ""

Answer:  Both teams had their games pushed by a day.  This is not an advantage for the Ravens, the cowboys will be playing on 11 days rest.

""The steelers never would have let this happen.""

Answer:  They already did.  Earlier in the season Vance McDonald was put on the COVID list and Ben was moved there as a close contact.  If their game that week had been a Thursday game they would have been without him. Also, see one Conner, James."
"I don’t know how true this is, but yesterday I read something that the Broncos were not totally cooperative regarding their situation either. Something along the lines of not cooperating answering questions about the bracelets and stuff like that. Which if true, I can totally see the NFL being like screw you then, you’re playing, figure it out."
"Trash talk never dies haha. RG3 and Dez about to take us back to 2012 today and make a highlight tape. 

I believe we have a home game played today at M&T Bank north.."
"It's honestly frustrating how people have already given up on this game, not to mention the season.

If this season has taught football fans anything, it's that this is a week to week game. The Steelers almost lost to THE COWBOYS.

The game doesn't start until kickoff, and it doesn't end until the final whistle. Cheer your team through that whole period, or get off the bandwagon.

Truzz"
*shh* y’all hear that? That’s the sound of a raven shitting on a terrible towel
Gus is going to go off and RG3 going to make Ben wish he was playing a running back. DGAF brigadiers make your smart ass remarks and downvote us
"The way I see it, if they can get in Tuckers FG range they'll be quicker to let him kick than they usually are and I've already said I could see him getting the nfl record 9 fgs."
No. Just no
""
Rockin my Marlo jersey. He’s playing right??
"I'm gonna wear my Torrey Smith jersey today, hoping that his 2012 magic will come back and bring the 2012 magic back to RGIII and Dez"
I should do that to my Ray rice jersey lol
""
Obvi I gotta shout to the the classic https://youtu.be/G2s0RPrdB_8
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k5d198)"
You are very dumb if you think you need a new head coach.
"Not over Harbs. If I was another team and I needed an HC, he’d be at the top of the list"
"For starters, Harbaugh isnt going anywhere. The second thing is, how much is Bieniemy responsible for the success of that offense? He's got studs all over that offense, not to mention Reid. Would he still have success without all of these pieces?"
Imagine the coaching turnover in the NFL if fans had a say 🙄
This is his chance to start a game and prove he still has has in the tank. He is going to lay it all down on the line for us today. And hopefully lead us to victory. Regardless I think he will have an amazing game.
If the run game (Gus Bus) can take over and RGIII can hit some play action I actually like our chances 😂
"All imma say is we thought we were going to roll the Patriots and they ran it down our throats. The same could happen this afternoon to the Steelers who, by the way, are due for a let down here soon"
Fully predict we see Trace by the 2nd half
This didn't age well
He's had his chances and he hasn't looked good against much worse competition.
"Win or lose, I’m really happy he’s getting starts and playing time again"
[deleted]
"You deserved to get banned, is it that hard to not use that word"
"Get with the times and don't complain to us about your inability to sympathize for people with disabilities. 

I would have banned you too."
"I don’t think that’s the lesson you should take from this. 

Understand that using that term is punching down at a group of people who didn’t choose that condition, and by complaining about it, you sound like a boomer being told they can’t drop the n-word anymore."
Ok? dont use that word then. its not hard.
I was banned for suggestion Marty Smith would be a better on air commentator than Booger McFarland
"I got banned from there during the DJax Jewish Twitter debacle. 

I literally just turned around some anti-Semite commenters words by quoting them and replacing Jewish with Black to show them the obvious racism of their comment. 

Got banned, appealed it to the mods who told me “they didn’t see how my comment followed” and the ban stuck. 

Fuck r/nfl and their racist asses."
I got banned for saying Devin McCourty was very articulate in a post game presser once.
"He’s a Baltimore rapper so thought I would ask. Super unique producer, and got him as my top artist this year so wanted to see if anyone in the flock knew of him or listens to him"
"Yessir, ""All My Heroes Are Cornballs"" was spectacular"
Love JPEGMafia! Dude got his start living on Calvert Street!
""
Thank the G-RO
""
Underrated movie scene in an underrated movie
"*""I'm not going to fuck your face, Gary.""*"
God this clip is so versatile.
I think that's nerves not covid
""
Wait why are we playing this game then?
This game should be cancelled
"Grey brain: I hope the Ravens win

Galaxy brain: I hope everyone on both teams is healthy 😬😬😬"
Wtf this game is cursed. Hopefully he’s okay but the NFL some corrupt mother fuckers
Steelers should forfeit /s
It'd be nice if they said if he was covid positive from the rapid test... close contact... or just having the symptoms.  This little information updates is fucking brutal
"AFAIK we still have only had James Conner actually test positive - everyone else was due to unrelated illness or close contact, right? 

So, likely, this is close contact with JC and he's fine."
I predict RGIII will throw an ill advised deep ball that gets intercepted. I also predict Marquise Brown will have his best game of the season so far.
Justin Tucker nfl record 9 fgs
We win
"Duvernay and RG3 show a decent rapport, Devin gets his 1st rec td

Each Ravens rb (including Ty'son Williams) gets a rushing td."
Probably a low scoring shitshow honestly...I'm just hoping nobody gets hurt. I'd guess something like 17-6 Steelers
I predict that a football game will be played and in the next couple of days the Steelers will have more Covid cases. How does the center get Covid without the rest of the oline or quarterback coming into contact.
13-3 ravens
"I hope we win, but I see us losing 20-3 or something like that. I just don’t see RG3 being able to do anything."
Not sure why people seem to think Brown will have a good game. Are you just thinking Dez takes a lot of attention away from him?
[deleted]
Wrong purple team.
""
Chill. ima cry
This is the wholesome content I need. That's awesome.
This my first time hearing about this kid's story. I'm sad now
"
How awesome is this? “Mo Gaba Way” officially unveiled on W. West St. in Baltimore. 

On a day the depleted \#Ravens need to dig deep more than ever before, how fitting that this city’s most spirited superfan is now forever immortalized. 


***

posted by [@BobbyWBAL](https://twitter.com/BobbyWBAL)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1334189163831308290/pu/pl/9HXYiFQTTpNUV3K1.m3u8?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Ravens by a million
Awesome.
"i'm so tired of them and a lot of r/nfl thinking this is helping us. we're still playing with half of our practice squad, we both have games on monday, we've only had half of a practice to prepare.

that being said, i hope we destroy them.
fuck the steelers."
"The salt will be next level, and I am here for it."
If we win AND they whine. I’ll be ok.
"They're gonna whine no matter what. After this game it's gonna be thread after thread ""what punishment should the ravens get??"""
If they lose that’s on them. We’re missing 12 starters.
We’re gonna lose. If it’s close I’ll still count that as a win
That why we have to win
If we win the steelers winning would be music to my ears
"3 minutes to go in the 3rd, RG3 throws and deep in to Dez who breaks and tackle and take it in to score. 35-6.

Start of 4th quarter, trace mcsorely comes in.

That is it

Apparently I have to put in that it's the Ravens 35 to the Steelers 6"
How bout a win?
""
If they’re eligible why aren’t they playing tho
[removed]
"Seriously, that's just unnecessary at this point. Get back to the Steelers sub and stop making us all look bad."
"Nobody worried bout a reg season game bruh, see the ravens in the playoffs when the team is healthy"
O NO WAY REALLY
you're\*
""
Yep
A user named after Chris Wormley? Wgat was the reasoning there?
"Well, you're not wrong."
"Should be ""despite baltimore's continous effort of not following protocol?""***"
[deleted]
We are fucked?
Wet ass footwork?
We ain’t forfeiting?
Wednesday Ass Football
Wet Ass Fussy
""
""
[removed]
Are you a child or something? We don't give a shit what you dumbasses think.
Us against the world baby. Who gives a shit what other fans think lmao
""
"This is the sweet, sweet OC we needed during these trying times"
"Q U A L I T Y

U

A

L

I

T

Y"
Now this is good shit lmao
How does this not have a million upvotes??
"Miracle is the GOAT sports movie, change my mind"
Maurice Pouncey is on the Covid list now. Just postpone the game to Week 18 already. They're already getting sick without even playing us!!!
[deleted]
Big Ben would test positive right now and Goodell would still play this game
Postpone the entire season until we all get vaccinated.
""
ALL A-FUCKEN-BOARD!!!
Gus looks like a legit bus driver in this photo haha
let's go ravens woohoo
Don’t worry no ink this year
This aged well.
People can call Pittsburgh piss all they want but it’s actually a nice city...most of it. However Baltimore is fucking trash. No one says “hey let’s go to Baltimore” people are more likely to say “hey I would rather have herpes”
""
What a time for backup plans.
""
Honestly they outplayed both Pitt and Tenn. the pats game was in a monsoon without key defensive players. Only team that worries me is KC. We can beat anyone else.
It’s ELO rankings. I think our insane run from week8+ from last year is heavily influencing this. Same with titans who had a really good run last year late in the season.
When healthy we have the best roster along with the saints and chiefs we just lost a lot of starters this year
Street cred bb
"If we could eliminate only the brain-melting mistakes, we'd be handling teams like the Steelers and Titans pretty easily."
[deleted]
Until tests come back tomorrow and the Steelers start their own trend
"NFL chief medical officer Allen Sills on Ravens outbreak: ""There was probably one extra day of transmission that we had not initially projected. But it followed our models of projection fairly closely.""

***

posted by [@jamisonhensley](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Pussy ass bitches couldn’t wait to play against the P squad
man the steelers think they're so much better than they actually are
Lol they’re not even that fucking nice.
"If it’s “an easy one,” why should they need good luck?  Fuck that guy and the Steelers."
It will be hella satisfying if we can play them in the playoffs at full strength. Steelers players and fans have no interest in playing this team with starters. What a bunch of pansies
"If we just sucked ok fair trash talk all ya want. But when you’re not even playing and your teams going against a squad of backups due to a global pandemic, that’s low as fuck"
Dolphins fan here! Please embarrass the fraudulent Squealers. I hope Marquise Brown torches MINKAH Shitzpatrick
Well that's dumb
I got a feeling... not gonna say but its building up inside. 💦
There is no one likable on the Steelers
*Fuck that Guy*
I can’t wait until the playoffs when they get their asses kicked by the chiefs
I wish they played the Chiefs this season. They would get fucking crushed.
fuck him
"Wouldn't it be so fitting for the 2nd String Ravens to spoil the Steelers perfect 10-0 record, renewing the rivalry. Can't wait. FUCK the Steelers"
Who dat
Who tf is this clown?
Are you surprised that a tomlin led team has players who act like they that?
I guess that's sorta how rivalries are 🤷‍♂️
"Pittsburgh fan.
Man you all are toxic as all hell can get. Yes tuitt said it should be a easy one, which it honestly should of (a lot of your guys starters were out). I dont see him shit talking, calling anyone out, or anything like that.
God lord"
Off COVID list but not playing
twitter.com/Ravens/status/1334214253566447616
He is still dealing with his injury from last week.
"Y’all can pick the design and whatnot, but I highly doubt it comes to that. We’re basically fielding a practice squad and my confidence level with this team is rather low tbh

EDIT: I’m just gonna get the tattoo anyway, whatever lmao"
"Screened, good luck to you sir"
"I’ll join in. If the Ravens win this game, I’ll get a RG3 tattoo."
You’ll have to share a picture of it with this sub if it happens.
"RG3 jersey on the penis. The helmet is already purple naturally, so add stripes and A Poe on either side and ur good."
How about a Trace one instead?
"I have the perfect design.   

 https://imgur.com/2VrAMRK.jpg"
what about a trace mccsorley tat
You know you want an RGIII tattoo and are just using this as a free excuse haha.
Warm up the Trace Mcsorley tattoo gun?
Well you wont have to worry about wasting your money from the looks of it
It Joe Haden suffers a karmic injury after his whining I will get a Dr. Alan Sills tattoo
These are the actions people regret around 30
"You should break up with any significant other you have and tattoo the name of your next significant other before you break up with the first.

Young RG3 was messy."
Fuck it why not
Lmao hell yeah
"Don’t worry, no ink this year"
F
Don't. You will regret it.
""
Gonna be even sweeter when we smoking that yinzer pack at about 6pm
"Ravens did not activate RBs J.K. Dobbins and Mark Ingram. The Ravens don't have a single player active who wouldn't have been eligible to play last night. 

***

posted by [@jeffzrebiec](https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Who
"Triple tight end sets are back, bois!"
Isnt Chauncey Rivers the dude from LAST CHANCE U lmao
TYSON WILLIAMS LETS GO
Next Squad Up!
"We have made the following roster moves: 

***

posted by [@Ravens](https://twitter.com/Ravens)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EoQSkiKXUAg9vBE.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
"The Titans stomping on the shield at M&T was worse, but Ravens still didn’t do anything about it :/"
Not only is this idiotic to tweet out against a rival regardless of the situation - to brag about padding stats against someone when that team is dealing with a bunch of absences due to a virus that’s ravaging the globe is fucked up.
Wouldn’t it be a shame if potentially the #2 seed Steelers and the #7 seed ravens meet in the first round of the playoffs... this tweet could age very poorly
these guys are suck fucking cunts
[removed]
If Pittsburgh was smart they wouldn't have in key starters in today tbh
"Meh, not too far off the comments Ray Lewis, John Harbaugh, Shannon Sharpe, Bart Scott, etc in the past used to make."
"We have three mobile qb’s active, a bunch of back ups elsewhere (except wr, somehow). Who else think Roman is gonna go nuts and play some 3 qb sets?

I think our run game is going to be crazy today."
"After Tuitt’s tweet, I’m hyped. Ready to watch them blow it"
"I'm excited to see the Steelers get a Covid outbreak in their locker room after today and watch it derail their ""perfect season""
Tuitt's tears will be really delicious then"
"If we can get one touchdown, I’ll be impressed."
"I like the enthusiasm, but when would they have had time to practice that?"
Uh
""
"Real fan Dan, if you are here, you are a legend."
I want RG3 to come out guns blazing like he's about to win the starting job the rest of the year and get this offense on track
I miss 2019
""
Ryan Mallett the God
"Honestly one of the most satisfying wins of the decade, ended up sweeping them in that terrible 2015 season"
He's just salty cuz last 2 years
[deleted]
""
Hoping this bites them in the ass!
"I don't see any problem with it, just makes it that much sweeter if we did somehow manage to win."
It is what it is. Kinda isn’t wrong though is he? Though I would love to embarrass them!
"We've been getting embarrassed for like the past 3 weeks, now. Between getting best by the Patriots, Titans dancing on our logo and abusing us physically and now this."
Sounds like us before the Titans game lmao
"Their 10-0 team reminds me of last years 9-0 patriots. Overrated as hell.

Fuck the steelers."
"Unfortunately their schedule is so soft the only 2 teams left to test them are the Bills and Colts, and both are so inconsistent there's no telling if they'll show up that day"
Paper tigers
Yep. They get the same non division teams as us but minus having to play all the first place teams last year. When Ben retires they go right back to shit
Pat's were better
"I don’t think they’ll be able to beat KC. I don’t think anyone can, really."
"You all sound rediculous.   I don’t care who they’ve played, they’re 10-0"
I can’t call a undefeated team overrated. Plus they beat the Ravens.
Remember The Ravens would be a solid name?
[deleted]
[Ladies and gentlemen I have one thing to say...](https://media.tenor.com/images/79fa3bef819ce602de87a239e2e11b2e/tenor.gif)
this game is gonna get my hopes up and then disappoint me in the end isn’t it
Lol a Facebook comment I saw said “The game hasn’t even started yet and we’ve already been flagged for illegal formation 3 times”.
"So I have heart surgery tomorrow and it's a bit of a complicated double procedure. I \*may\* not make it out, but I just wanted to say that deep down this was always my favorite rivalry. The games between these two teams has been one of the few things that gave me happiness in my otherwise somewhat empty life."
Delay of game by rule if 1.”A player who has unnecessarily remained on a downed runner”
He should've asked Goodell how the FUCK that wasn't a delay of game
What fucking statement are they making when they stop a practice squad?
"Honestly, if we lose, fuck having a blame of the game. I’m proud, and the Steelers have been sufficiently exposed for my taste already..."
Mods I don’t want to see a single “Steelers fan coming here in peace post” after this shit
Bowser thinking he's Ed Reed gonna return it 105 yards for a TD to help out his offense.
i HATE when it feels like we're playing against the refs
"If we can lead after every quarter, we will win"
This is the most fun game thread I’ve been apart of in like 4 years.
I can’t wait to see the Chiefs fucking embarrass these guys.
How the fuck are we playing with half a team and the biggest problem is still offensive play calling?
Idk who Harris even is but bravo that was huge
"even if we lose this is still an OUTSTANDING job by the non-starters. Very impressed. 

This is what I've been saying all year- you can tell when they're unfocused and not trying. Rn they're clearly in it to win and it shows. Might have to reorganize the starting lineup after this imo"
Can the commentators get the Steelers cock out of there mouth?
10-0 team still relying on cheap tactics to beat a team with half 2nd stringers
“pAD THe sTATs”
FUCK THE STEELERS. Dirty ass team
What a fucking waste of a great defensive performance. God fucking damnit.
"Ravens hold Steelers offense to 2 FGs over almost 3 quarters. 

Collinsworth: *crickets*

Steelers start dominating 2nd and 3rd string Ravens offense.

Colinsworth: ""Look at this DOMINATING performance!"""
Can the fuckers in here calling for Lamars head every week chill tf now? GRo calling literally the same plays with RG3 and Trace. Lamar isnt the problem GRo is.
Imagine showboating when you're securing the game on a final drive vs a 3rd string practice squad.
That missed opportunity at the end of the 1st half is really bothering me now
What the fuck is this shit theater?! THE CHAINS SHOWED IT SHORT
"Hell, might have won with McSorley in"
THEY CALLED IT SHORT AT FIRST AND THEN THEY WANNA CALL IT FORWARD WHATTTTTTTTT????????????
This game as made me appreciate Lamar x a billion he will be worth every penny when he gets his big check
Marquise 'Nickname' Brown should be traded for the best offer asap.
"Glad we hit that fat fuck early. Fuck ben, fuck the steelers, and fuck their fans"
Hollywood stinks man
Okay. Steelers playing 8 man boxes all the time now.  Should take Roman until week 17 to adjust.
I don't want to hear ya'll bitching about the defense giving up plays in the 4th qtr when they only get 2 minutes between series. They are going to die eventually
Imagine if we had LLama
"Browns got no fight in him

Doesn't jump for the ball, doesn't reach with both hands, he doesn't want to go for the ball unless there's nobody in ten yards of him

Quite the soulja that one"
lol cool refs i never wanna hear about the nfl favoring the ravens again
"everytime I hear the crowd cheer on a big play by the steelers defense I'm just like ""what do you expect against a back up offense"" but then I remember that it's fake crowd noise and that almost makes it worse"
Goddamn I can’t get over that Harris play. What a beaut.
That spot was HIGH CRIME
"If you want my opinion, some of you are taking this way too seriously lol. We put a practice squad out there. Just realize we have next to no chance of winning, and then just vibe through the game. It's way more fun this way"
How tf is this steelers team 10-0
STOP THE COUNT
3 no-calls all going against the Ravens. Why am I surprised?
So do refs just forget how the clock works in Ravens-Steelers games?
Give him some fucking hardball questions
People tell me that I’d like Claypool and JuJu if they were on any other team and that’s simply not true. They’re genuinely annoying as fuck
"If we win, I will livestream myself listening to the Trace McSorely song for 24 hours"
No one's gonna be talking about that catch in a dodgy ass practice squad game years from now Collinsworth you nasally Will Arnett sounding bitch
"""The Pittsburgh Steelers are making a statement on defense""

They're literally facing a practice squad team you intolerable incompetent fuck"
Worst 10-0 team ever
"chains showing it's short, graphic says it's inches short then it magically changes to 1st down to the refs then calling not enough evidence to over turn it 😂

&#x200B;

i guess the only reason i'm salty about this game is because it was acutally close. imagine these frauds play an actual contender..."
#HE NEEDS SOME MILK
Feels like Hollywood has quit on us
Fuck you Collinsworth
"Packer fan coming to say:

I love that boy Tramon Williams good to see him making some plays for yall"
"Fumble or Incomplete, one thing is certain:  


Marlon Humphrey is JuJu's daddy"
"This is the weirdest game I've ever seen, and Pittsburgh should be embarrassed that they had to fight this hard to beat out practice squad.  Defense played great for a while, but have gotten gassed here in the 4th quarter and aren't making the plays anymore."
A gaggle of Karens
Ya’ll exposed Steelers are sus at 11-0. Should be 10-1 got saved by refs but be proud of exposing them
The fact that y’all r even in this game is embarrassing. Worst 10-0 team EVER. Ima Ravens fan for the day please win this
FUCK
"LETS GO. FUCK YOU PITTSBURGH.

Watching a game with no expectations is fun!"
Our new center is the best center we’ve had all year hes manhandling the best dline in football wtf
Holy shit their team is actual dogshit I hope we meet them in the playoffs
"Play without practice nfl said, its perfectly safe they said"
That seems... illegal.
YOU CAN JUST LAY ON TOP OF PEOPLE FOR 20 SECONDS??
Goodell isn't even trying to look away from the script lmao
So is Greg Roman the worst or the FUCKING worst?
"7/86 in penalty yards, if you don’t like that than you don’t like ravens football"
We really could have won had Wilson caught that TD
"This offense is literally high school level without Lamar, he absolutely carries Roman"
Congratulations Marquise. You’re “Hollywood” nickname privileges have been reinstated until the end of the day.
If only Luke Wilson could hold on to a football
"The fact this game is even close, and refs bailed them out at half, tells you everything you need to know about this Steelers team"
"Steelers fans can gloat all they want about this win over our practice squad, but they better know deep down that they are the worst 11-0 team anyone's ever seen. They are going to get absolutely annihilated in the playoffs."
"Genuinely curious how all these sports involving close margins (tennis, soccer, etc) have technology to read stuff down to the millimeter but the NFL still uses half blind 60 year olds best guesses????"
Jets fan. I hate my life..... that being said. That ball was short. Fuck the Steelers.
"Refs had dinner reservations, sorry y’all"
We just got BUCKED on that Trace news loool
Did we just get fucking robbed by the refs..?
HOW IS THAT NOT A DELAY OF GAME?
I'm convinced the fire harbaugh comments are trolls. don't feed them.
The clock management was trash but you shouldn’t let them just sit on us like that
I told myself I wouldn’t get upset over this game and here we are...
"If there’s one thing Chiefs fans and ravens fans can agree on, its fuck the Steelers 

If they beat y’all today I promise we’ll kick their ass in the playoffs"
Tj was offsides
Starting to feel a defensive score is our only hope at a W
Okay. Enough with RGIII and out
The Steelers are so fucking bad bro I ain’t even mad if we lose. Imo they got embarrassed and exposed on national tv by our practice squad
Am I crazy or is that AT&T girl so fucking hot?
All my homies love Harris
The Ravens lost this game because of Steve Saunders
"New plan, lay on the ball until the game is over"
Hollywood aint got no fight in him man
"That long TD was all false hope? 

Always has been"
Steelers barely beat a team of practice squad players and recovering COVID patients they should be absolutely fucking embarrassed not dancing and taunting like they are. No wonder their city and franchise is an absolute shit hole of misery
"As a neutral fan here, that looked short by a solid amount."
The refs screwed us at halftime and screwed us at the end.
Fuck the Steelers.   Fuck that ref crew.  And fuck the NFL.   Bunch of assfucking clowns one and all.
"We lost, but I am proud of my team anyway"
I'm just a cardinals fan chillin here bc I hate the Steelers no lie
"tErrIbLe cLOck mANagEmeNt

Harbaugh didn’t expect the refs let them hold our players on the ground for 18 fucking seconds"
Remember the last time the Ravens played the Steelers and they lost 25 seconds because some Steelers player was laying on the ground 40 yards away from the play?
"Steeler fans - ""the NfL wants Us tO lOsE"""
STOP THE COUNT!!
RG3andout
Think this game eye opening for a lot of dudes who be shitting on Lamar. Clearly weren’t here during Boller 😂
HOW SHIT ARE THESE FUCKING SQUEELERS CANT EVEN SCORED ON A TEAM HELD TOGETHER BY MASKING TAPE LMAOO
"Fuck you, Hollywood. Low effort af."
Marquise Brown can't run a route on TJ Watt for Christ's sake
Hot take: I like the throw call.
"I propose we destroy the city of Pittsburg 

All in favor say aye"
I came into this game not giving a fuck and now Im mad as fuck
That flag came in sooo late
Hard to understand Collinsworth with that Steeler dick in his mouth
Practice squad players making plays
"Some serious effort this game by our depth, steelers are fucking pathetic. Need the refs to bail them out"
"This 33 guy is playing like he's a got a real shot, which he does"
"If y'all wanna be mad, I don't know what to tell you. This is a fucking college squad we're playing with after no practice forever. 

Be mad at the NE, PIT 1.0, and TEN games."
Yeah you barely beat a 37 year old practice squad player who’s been blanketing you all game. Fuck these twats
Thrice again I am reminding my brethren that I hate the Steelers ref browns and I cant wait to see Lamar play Tuesday. And the majority of players back besides Snead
Not a ravens fans by any means (Chiefs) but holy hell it’s been sometime since I’ve seen a team get so screwed! I feel like someone needs to answer for this mess of an officiating squad.
This game made sure Lamar will be paid big money
"Wow, the Steelers beat the Ravens practice squad, who would've thought"
"RG3 gotta get something going, the ravens defense looked good."
"In the words of our almost former president, STOP THE COUNT!

7-6 Game over... (I wish lol)"
STOP THE COUNT
STOP THE COUNT THE STEELERS ARE FAKE NEWS
Wolfe is going to eat Snell's children
"hate to be that guy, but our D is going to be fucking gassed by the 4th if we have another three and out"
How tf do they not throw a fuckin flag? It took them 18 seconds for them to get off the ball
HOW WAS THAT NOT DEALY OF GAME?!?!?!?!?!?!
"CHEATING, BAD CLOCK MANGEMENT, BAD CATCH PICK YOUR POISON ALL OF THEM"
"It's really embarrassing that the Steelers need to literally cheat to have a chance of beating us when we are using 50% practice squad players. 

Number 1 team in the nfl my ass"
"Remember that one time we were in crunch and some random steeler players just laid down on the field for 40 seconds. Then as soon as he couldn't get any more time off the board, he just popped up from his ""injury"" and walked away"
"“bAd cLOcK MaNaGEmeNt”

Except for the fact that if you take away five seconds of the Steelers dude taking a nap there is still about three seconds on the clock after the dropped pass."
The defense is playing as if the season is on the line tonight; and you love seeing it!
Brown fucking sucks
"Of all the drives, that was totally one of them"
...so do the Steelers really think they have any chance against KC?😂😂😂😂
Put in Trace for the memes alone please.
Fuck you idiots calling out Peters for that second pass allowed. He was hurt on the play before.
I'm really starting to like this Harris guy after today
"""No one celebrates like the Steelers receivers"" 

I know I would be celebrating too after scoring the first offense of TD of the game in the 4th quarter against a guy fresh off the couch.

Ladies and Gentlemen your 2020 undefeated Steelers."
Why Dez the only one who knows to run on that play? Snap and throw the ball!
"”JuJu is a great personality”

Great personalities don’t cry on twitter"
"Seahawks fan here to say this team has gained some big time respect from me. I’m no Ravens fan at all, but your guys have played with some serious heart tonight. Down an MVP QB, both starting RBs and two stud defensive lineman the Ravens have absolutely battled tonight. Keep your heads up, you’ve got a great coach and a phenomenal culture/team attitude!"
Marquise Brown is fraudulent
Shouldve started mcsorley
Lmao fucked by the refs all game
"I expected to lose the game 

I didn’t expect to have my heart ripped out and reinserted several times"
"the nfl ALLOWED the steelers to go 3-and-out??? WHAT IS THIS RIGGED BULLSHIT

GOODELL LOVES THE RAVENS

FUCKING BULLSHIT"
Tyus Bowser needs to be extended
Fuck that meathead who got everyone infected
Holy shit we scored
Stop the count!
Can Ray Lewis come out of retirement and hit Big Ben then go back in retirement?
#Take my legs Bobby!
Hollywood decently covered by a pass rusher? What the fuck he’s terrible
Looks like Hollywood made zero effort on that
Brown couldn't get separation against Watt. What a bum lol
I could beat Marquise Brown in a fight
"No matter how this game ends up, we are fighting with everything we have and the steelers are being exposed"
The Steelers were LAYING ON THE BALL
How yall dissin the coaches they did the right playcall he's gotta catch that
Look all things considered we got ourselves a game. Who knows what will happen second half.
That was outrageous officiating. I cannot believe they didn’t call 4 fking players blatantly laying on him and holding him down. Those 3 pts will be crucial this game
"Can I get a FUCK YOU, ROGER"
That drive gave me hope we can get down the field under the right circumstances at least
"This is why I really hate the Steelers. Not because we’re division rivals, but because they do shit like this. That’s not a good honest way to win."
Roman is not even trying anymore lmfao
"RG3 can fucking throw. He's not a great passer but last I checked his right arm wasn't amputated.

Start throwing the ball."
I fully didn’t (don’t) expect to win this game but I’m impressed with our defense so far.
Wow that Nurses show looks cliche as fuck and unrealistic as well
Imagine what this would have looked like at full capacity.
“Right under the chin” huh
3rd down routes short of the sticks should be fucking punishable by the geneva convention
Can't believe Collinsworth can still speak with that steeler dick down his throat
It’s like Hollywood Brown suddenly realized he’s fucking tiny this year
Lmao @ Trace talking smack after being hit
"Man, I can’t wait to see the Ravens decline Hollywood’s fifth year option only to see him sign with another team and become a viable number two immediately.

This team can’t develop receivers for the life of them."
Literally the worst undefeated team in history.
Anyone still remember that delay of game penalty that wasn’t called? We could be up right now
Absolutely hysterical that this Steelers team was in legit danger of losing at home to a team of practice squad scrubs. Lmaoooo.
The Steelers literally only beat a practice squad by 5 points
"Spot shouldn't even matter, they measured and the tip of the ball wasn't to the fkn marker 🤣"
Good representation there Pittsburgh with the fat Karen screaming
Can someone explain how the ball was short but they ruled it a first down?
Couldn’t be more prouder of our boys
How the fuck was that not a delay of game
"They literally sat on us for 15 seconds AND DON'T CALL DEALY OF GAME?!?!?!?! 

I don't want to see those dipshits on r/nfl talk about how they favor the Ravens. This is fucking bullshit."
"Bengals fan here, just wanted to say fuck the Steelers. Over rated ass team with the worst fans"
Lions fan that spot was disgusting. When they measured it the ball was even short wtf
Keen for a win this game. I've got Ravens winning 52-3
That play didn't work so watch roman call it 20 more times today
"FUCK YOU BEN


Bowser should’ve stayed in the endzone though..."
"All you need to do, is not turn it over rg3, and you have two in three drives"
RG3 🤝 Big Ben throwing  awful interceptions
*STOP THE COUNT*
"Even if we lose 30-7, I'll be happy we made the Steelers nervous and annoyed for even just a few minutes."
The Steelers offense is literally just throwing 2 yard passes over and over
Elliot isn’t the best form tackler. If you’re in front of him he’s bringing the wood but he can’t really tackle well without the hit stick
Who legit is just having fun watching this game and thread? Im fucking happy the bandwagons hopped off.
Yo we have a 40 year old corner out there covering JuJu LOL
If that pick 6 didn’t happen it would have been 7-3 Ravens
bah gawd that's Ryan Mallett's music!
Literally like no practice this week and this thread is pissed we are losing with 36 total players active
Imagine being a 10-0 team not blowing out a practice squad. Steelers are the fucking softest team. Fucking bad.
"stat padding meant field goal percentage clearly 

but NOT extra point. gotta be clear on that."
This is the game for Roman to get creative do crazy shit. So far he is calling the same shitty old vanilla ass game. And his excuse will be covid.
# HE IS NOW CALLED RG4
"Love the hustle and heart RG3, fucking stud. Giving his all."
Wide open run to the right and the QBs hammy just blows up on him. The ravens are cursed man wtf
"Ctrl+F Marquise: 16 results

Ctrl+F Hollywood: 32 results

Ctrl+F Soulja: 13 results"
Fuck the Steelers
Steelers are dirty as shit lmao
That was a good play call to be aggressive. Simmer down all of you.
Went from a fun game no matter what happens to being absolutely raging.
Did that motherfucker seriously just lay on him
"I am not a huge fan of that earlier timeout but have no problem going for it on 3rd. They clearly called both plays before the huddle and didn't expect the Steelers to be able to waste 15 seconds of clock. Still would've had time for the FG. 

Realistically - Luke needs to catch that 100% of the time."
Steelers are being exposed that they have to literally cheat because they’re losing to a practice squad.
Anyone else fuming right now? How tf did the ravens not think the steelers were going to do some shady shit after a run up the middle. Unbelievable
"Been rooting for you guys all game, honestly that last drive looked promising. Fuck the refs for allowing that bullshit and fuck the Steelers. I still believe this game can come to Harbough out coaching Tomlin for the win."
TJ offsides half the time
Positive play for the ravens let’s throw a flag
Note: these are the same refs that screwed us in the first game this year vs the Steelers
"Fuck man, defense is gonna be tired. They aint gonna hold forever"
"The painful thing about this game isn't losing, it's that Lamar would have won it"
"Marlon Humphrey and punching the ball out of Jujus hands, name a more iconic duo."
remember the good old days when we didn't realize how flawed our team was and Marlo was using the fruit punch every game? pepperidge farms remembers...
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY BY HARRIS
LMAO I don't even know half these dudes on our defense. You just have to laugh at this point.
"Doesn't matter what happens in the 4th, we came out here on national tv in the spotlight and are giving the uNdEfEaTeD Steelers all they can handle with half a starting squad"
"He grabbed onto the facemask lmao, ref was right behind him"
"Lmao Collinsworth is such ass


“They had their chance with the passing. I don’t see them doing anything but running here. “

*passing touchdown*


“If they were going to throw, that’s what I thought they’d do.”"
Dovernay > marquise
"Just not gonna call them for a hold, just will not"
If Trace leads a comeback the meme game will no know bounds
"\[Chorus\]  
Throw it on a [dime](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963569)  
Like I ain't even trying  
Just a kid from [Briar Woods](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963549)  
I'm wearing number nine  
Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy  
Flip to [Happy Valley](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963581)  
Now I'm coming back and got the [Natty](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963603) on my mind  
They can't touch my deep ball  
Every game I'm scoring  
I'm your favorite Quarterback  
They call me Trace McSorley  
Rep that [Blue and White](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963675)  
You know I do it for the glory  
[Baker won the Hеisman, next up Trace McSorley](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963930)"
So in the biggest plot twist of 2020 Lamar Jackson throwing for 150 in this offense is actually really impressive.
Marlon Humphrey with 2 forced fumbles in one game holy
"quadruple coverage and he makes the catch.

jfc"
we saw trace score a TD I’ll take it
Wasn't the measurement short wtf
Honestly I’m just saying. Pittsburgh nearly got beat by the practice squad... I don’t think they are that good. If we meet them in the playoffs and we don’t have half our players on IR. We should win. Let’s go boys. Just find something positive from this game
oh shit Hollywood took a tackle
We lasted 3 minutes longer than i expected
"Steelers at 10-0 are imposters!

I hope we will be the ones to expose them - if not watch KC rip them a 2nd asshole"
"I miss Flacco, at least his balls would get picked off 60 yards down field"
God I wish the Steelers played the Chiefs so they can get their ass blasted and everyone will shut up about them
"#STAT YOUR PADS, HOES"
STOP THE COUNT!!!
The way he said “the ravens lead” that got me
#STOP THE COUNT
"#breaking news

The Steelers have announced that they are sending their players home and the game will resume tomorrow. All of their mail-in touchdowns are being secured."
Fuck that smiling fuck Hines Ward
I've never hated a team more than the Steelers and it's not even close.
Wolfe has been so great for us.
I'm hoping so hard we catch these guys again in the playoffs
hollywood i like you but you're so scared with the ball
"Screens? Off tackle runs? Slants?

Nah. Let's go with five step drops and play right into the Steelers' strength on defense.

Brilliant stuff from Roman."
Shout out to Humphrey for always showing up for Steelers games
WE WANT PENN STATE KID
These guys are struggling against fucking RG3 and our practice squads practice squad lmao
You all wanted McSorley.
"**Trace McSorley 1/1, 1 TD BRING IT**"
Delay of game on the steelers bro
NFL CHEATING FOR RAVENS THO GUYS REMEMBER?
"18 seconds, refs kinda fucked up"
That’s terrible! They stayed their asses on the ground. How do they not get penalized for that?
The Steelers showing that they've always been league favorite. And they know it.
THE STEELERS ARE THE GRIMIEST CHEATINGEST TEAM IVE SEEN IN MY LIFE TIME. AND THE REFS ARE SCREWING US OVER EVERY OTHER GAME. IM SICK AND TIRED OF THIS BULLSHIT THIS YEAR HOLY FUCK
"People from literally every team in rNFL except the steelers saying that was some shit and they still think it was fine, damn"
What kind of watch does Robert Goodell have? Is that the Covid proximity tracker?
"""Our policies are working just fine""  hello the team on the field is playing with 22 active cases the fuck"
Wilson should have caught that
Yup of course they said it should’ve been a delay of game 🤬🤬🤬
"Wow, NBC is gonna fire this backup ref commentator for not sucking off a bad call!"
"Lol now they say it was Delay of Game. Always this crap, what good are these corrections if you get it wrong on the field?"
Lmfao fuck you Roman
Sam Koch is such a fucking stud man best punter all time not even close
This is so frustrating I wanna fucking break the TV that’s 2 fucking possessions should have had points
"This Steelers team is going to lose eventually

*I just want it to be us to give it to them*"
This is the worst 10-0 team ever. They’re going toe to toe with our practice squad.
Holy shit fuck these fucking refs
Colon-Castillo has been a pleasant surprise
If we can't throw we need to put Trace in
Too predictable on first down
"Oh, it's third and long? Great time to use that sweep running play that hasn't worked at all today!!"
bro rg3 has a cannon for an arm if we actually use it we could surprise them and maybe draw a pi or make a big play
Fire GRO give Wink a raise with that money
Pick 6 feels worse and worse
"I love how they called that roughing the passer to make it seem like bad calls are going both ways, but then immediately fuck us with bullshit hold on fluker, putting us in a worse position."
"My hatred for the Steelers is at an all-time high.

Those cowards can't even move the ball on a team missing 20 players and are a shit refereeing decision away from being down."
This game has not been as bad as I expected. But we still need to get rid of Roman. They play 10 yards off our receivers and there are literally 0 quick slants in our playbook. Not every pass needs to be a 3 step drop with some slow developing post/corner
When Queen starts trusting his instincts he is hoing to be special.  Right now tho he does a bit too much second guessing what he is seeing.
Big Ben's getting fatter as his team gets more complacent.
Rg3 gonna finish with fewer pass yards than that practice squad wr for the broncos
You can’t convince me Trace McSorely would’ve done worse than 25 fucking passing yards.
Why are people even mad rn? We were never realistically going to win in fact we played better than anyone expected. Probably most people thought this game would be over by half time.
#bruh did ROMAN just call an option with Trace in.....
Minkah is a certified bitch
Fitzpatrick trash talking the 3rd string qb after he gained a 1st down... really?
Steelers are some whiny bitches with how much they complain/celebrate vs a practice squad
"So we all agree Luke Wilson will never play again, right?"
Hollywood doesn’t even fight
Luke Wilson looks like a homeless hippie that stumbled onto the field.
Good lord if this doesn’t show that Lamar is top 5 at worst top 8 idk what does
"Ravens with a 70 yard pass play with their 3rd string QB. 

Collinsworth's face: well, shit"
Biggest letdown of this game was waiting so long to get Trace McGoat in
"I mean this is a loss but god damn that defense fought to the end.  they never stopped. they were composed of a good secondary and cast offs and practice squad squad people in the front 7 and they fucking shut the shit down in the redzone and the steelers won by 5. that vaunted undefeated team won against raggedy ass messes by 5.    


If we had Lamar and our legitimate offense we smoke their asses"
Trace McSorley is definitely the new #2 QB
If we lose the whole team gets to pummel Steve Saunders. If we win the whole team gets to pummel Steve Saunders
Despite all odds this team has forced the Steelers to need every call to go their way and play all the way until the last second.
If only the refs had this level of scrutiny at the missed delay of game call at the end of the 1st half.
Worst 11-0 team of all time
"Bizarre simply bizarre, we'll get an apology from the league that will be sent under the radar, and announced in a Harbaugh press conference as usual."
"Things learned

Rg3 can go somewhere else"
"Fucking steelers bitching about us all week.

Fuck that spoiled fucking shit of a team"
"Lol if the Ravens were laying on the pile to burn clock and it wasn't called, Steelers fans would shit their collective pants"
Literally held Gus down for 20 seconds fuck the refs
Im looking at all you fake Ravens fans that were talking about how much you respect the steelers even though they do this dirty shit all the damn time
Y’all need to understand how good Lamar is. Lol the comparison is...
steelers won but at least they got exposed for being a super overrated team. They barely beat a ravens practice squad lol.
Steelers fans needing to come to our sub to gloat about barely beating a practice squad LOL
Give Bowser an extension let Judon walk
Raise your hand if your having to restrain your cheers to not arise suspicion with your employer!
"HYPE AS FUCK, BUT WHY RETURN THAT?"
"ThIs WiLl Be A pAd StAtTeR fOr ThE sTeElErS 

Fuck outta here"
#ALL ABOARD THE MOTHERFUCKING GUS BUS
Holy fuck we scored! Lets go baby!!
WE'RE NOT GETTING SHUT OUT BABY!!!!!
\#STOP THE COUNT
Stop the count
STOP THE COUNT
Washington fan here. RG3 boutta heat up!! Let's go!
Ok defense blast them hoes
We didn’t get shut out boys let’s take it
You’re losing to the practice squad 😎😎
The Steelers Oline pointing out what our DLine is gonna do as if they even know
"Starting practically all 2nd, 3rd, and practice squad players and yet still managing to have first string injuries. This year is rough."
Astros cheated
Excellent swat there by Marlon Humphrey!
I’m emo af about our guys fighting this out against the odds. Love this team.
So proud of the bois
NFL clearly helping out the ravens. I mean what kind of team goes up against a practice squad and can barely get a field goal?
Lol Hollywood literally tenses up five yards pre-contact. Insane.
"if brown werent scared of everything when he has the ball, that doesnt happen"
PAD THOSE STATS HAHAHAHAHA
And the most overrated undefeated team is....
What if some anomaly occurs and we score here....
OHHHH IS THAT LAMAR JACKSON BUT SLOWER???
"Just as RG3 started to play well too.

Fuck this season."
All my homies hate Goodell
hollywood is so ass
"Hollywood, maybe dive or at least act like you want that one?"
Hollywood can’t even beat an OLB
Why is holywood getting beat and laughing
he really isnt allowed to complain about shit anymore if he cant beat a pass rusher in coverage
Why start souljas if they're not going to get results?
That is bullshit that they could all lay on the player to run the clock
The Refs have entered the chat
Steelers always finding a way to cheat as always and getting away with it
That shitsburg game delay was dirty AF
Let’s not forget that sorry TE dropping that ball on his way down
That’s almost as bad as Tomlin’s trip. Fuck that bullshit
Goodell reading a script 🤡
Of course Collinsworth is going to blame it on the timeout. Why can't we count on the refs to make the obvious call.
"Fuck da commish 

Fuck da refs

And most importantly 

Fuck da Steelers"
#THIS TEAM IS 10-0 LADIES AND GENTS
claypool epitomizes the winey-ass steelers. hands up after every play.
Jesus Christ.  If we had Lamar in there this game it would be a blow out right now
"Collinsworth- ""Steelers are thin on D, they got Tuitt out...."" couldn't name another player. 

Fuck you Chris. You fucking clown."
They should start fining refs
"Chris Collinsworth has such a great narrative voice, too bad its used to spew bullshit most of the time."
Marquise is scared to get hit
So is forward progress not a thing for us. Cause they spotted that ball 3 yards back where watt dropped him.
I saw a hold in the endzone that's a fucking safety
"Would love to see that ""block in the back"""
Hate that our defense is trying so hard and the offense just can’t
Our Qb is 6-10 with 25 yrds. And a pick. Why is he still in the game
Should be 17-12 we shot our selves in the foot way too much
That’s definitely a catch and fumble but good play by Marlo
"We all knew this would happen with no practicing. But r/nfl said ""you don't deserve to have your knees and health"""
omg... a more grizzled queen picks that off for 6
"I have good friends that are steelers fans that I make exceptions for, but when I see random people with steelers gear, I actually automatically assume I will not like that person. On average I genuinely believe they have more scumbag tendencies than most people. Just the steelers, no other team nor sport"
You’re not gonna fool us rapist
That Nurses show looks god awful
"I like Harris, that was very good coverage. Great speed turn, high pointed the ball. Dude can play"
"I feel like if I was a Steelers fan, I would be very pissed that they’re not destroying us right now."
how are the steelers undefeated
I can’t believe we only have 5 passing yards
"Congrats to the great WR Juju on scoring the Steelers first offensive TD of the game in the 4th quarter against half a Ravens teams.

Loser bitch."
Ayyy there's our illegal formation call!!!
#WE NEED YOU LAMAR
Steelers busy talking shit to a team with 22 players on the COVID list
That was a late hit
LOL wtf are they punting? Makes zero sense.
"willson is a bum

but hey

it's what happens when you get signed and gotta play after being on the couch for ages"
"I do really hope I never see another comment from ""fans"" on facebook about how Lamar has been figured out and that Trace McSorley should be the starter moving forward"
"Absolutely nobody gets the blame for this one. We kept those yinzer fucks close until the 4th quarter with a practice squad. We could kick their asses if we make the playoffs at full strength. 

Fuck the Steelers."
I want no shit on Lamar ever after this look at this offense
The ravens practice squad > the Jets
"Low key Steelers losing to WFT next week

I CALLED THIS SHIT"
I think its time for our RG3 experiment to end. Hes just too fragile
How the fuck is THAT the one they catch. Jesus fucking Christ defense
How tf is this team 10-0?????
The fact it’s even this close shows Steelers are overrated
"Lol, the fans left. Fuck the Steelers."
Have to focus on 11-5 now. God I hate this season
Honestly just fuming we stuck with Bobby for three quarters
Proud of our boys today
Yeah steelers arent going far in the playoffs...its December and they can hardly beat the Ravens depleted D and backup QB. cant play down to your competition in the playoffs
Imagine the way all the calls have gone today and think the nfl is fucking against you.
"I hope that the Cowboys bench Andy Dalton so that we all have the opportunity to witness the greatest matchup of all time:

Trace McSorley vs. Ben DiNucci"
Congratulations to the Steelers for eking out a win to our practice squad.
If Chris collinsworth doesn't shut the fuck up
God I hope the chiefs smack the shit outta them in the playoffs
Stay down you fucking rapist
STOP THE COUNT! I’m officially calling this Ravens vs Steelers game 13 min into the 1st Quarter. Ravens have a decisive 7-6 lead over the Steelers and have CLEARLY won the game. Any other outcome will be fought extensively by Rudy Giuliani
TJ Watt looks like a QAnon supporter
I hope this means the McSorley memes are dead.
"Ruling on the field stands **we all saw it was like two inches short** ....First down!

WTF just happened?!?"
"Hawks Fan here, definitely think the flag showed the ball was short. The ref must have called it 1st down so they could review it and then didn’t overturn because there wasn’t “clear and obvious evidence”. Absolute bogus sequence of events an you guys got robbed of a chance to make a miracle happen"
[how tf is this a first down](https://imgur.com/a/OuRQ85p)
Don't yall ever be ungrateful for Lamar Jackson again 😤😤😤
"#From here on out Marquise ""SOULJA"" Brown will only be referred to as WR #15"
"Hey Steelers Trolls:

Your team can barely beat a team with second and third stringers.

Doesn't matter if you guys are 11-0 or 0-11. You guys are suspect team."
"Chiefs are bitch smacking the Steelers in the playoffs, if the Steelers can even make it that far"
Don't ever wanna see another Squealer fan talking about the the NFL is against them. Refs called shit their way all game.
Lol I have zero expectations today still will probably get mad and post a ton of hot takes
Well it’s been a while since I have drank on a Wednesday afternoon but here we go
Captain Fatfuck looking primo
tell me more about how Lamar is overrated.
"Well, RGIII threw a touchdown."
I’m so sorry for ever thinking one negative thought about Lamar after these first drives.
J Hill has a lot to gain from balling out in this game. I bet he is in the fucking zone
4/5 for 15 yards and an int... them flacco numbers!!
STOP THE COUNT
LOOK AT US PADDING THE STATS!
pad those stats justin
If we win this game I truly believe it will be a turning point in our entire season like the chiefs last year
"Not related to play, but the Steelers coaches wearing the Steelers logo gaiters all have visible breath fog coming through the fabric. Obviously it's not thick/layered enough to meet Covid requirements."
Really can't believe the NFL wanted the Ravens to play a game with literally zero conditioning tests/sessions after like 10 days of *forced* inactivity.
Marlo playing with some fire after that titans game
[deleted]
"Somewhere, Dean Pees must be smiling. ""Yeah, that's my good ol' bend but don't break defense!"""
Chiefs fan here guys. Rooting for y'all. Hate to see so many injuries. Keep your heads up and gift us a steelers L please? Go ravens!
I think we should put mcsorely in it can’t get any worse RG3can’t get a first down to save his life besides that fluke when they fumbled the punt
This may be the dumbest game I’ve watched in years
Might as well put in Trace. Who cares really.
We aren’t running with Gus anymore why do GRO and Harbaugh think RG3 can carry
Dont blame the defense tbh. Offense is useless with Roman and RG3
"I think we need McSorely to win this game. If this drive fails, hopefully Harbs recognizes the need for a QB change and makes it during the half."
"The Steelers are trash, pisses me off we handed them a win last time, and they’ll win this game because RG3 shouldn’t even be in the NFL"
"anytime I see a pic of Lamar I get emotional, can't wait to have him back"
Hollywood just got covered by a linebacker
Hollywood was just covered by TJ watt
Hollywood was covered by a LB...
"I am literally over Brown, he can go. Not just too short, he's also too soft, too unskilled, and too lazy.

Peace. Buy a fucking top 10-15 receiver for Lamar and draft another prospect, this one ain't it. At all."
Steelers cant beat a team down 20 players and resorts to cheating LOL
CHEATERS CHEATERS CHEATERS
I'm not going to blame the game on Harbaugh for that call if we lose but that was not a good call. You also gotta make that fucking catch I don't even care about the clock you gotta step up and make that play. Big play by Minkah. Fuck.
Steelers are the dirtiest team in the NFL And they get away with everything. I’m soo sick of it
Bro I was so ready to go up 14-12
He's literally reading a script hahaha
Goodell looks like he’s ready to molt
"Even against the Ravens C team, the Steelers still gotta cheat and show the whole of America (and the World) that they’re scum.

FUCK THE STEELERS"
defense is fucking balling
Those 15 yards do not make up for the 20 seconds we lost
"Not gonna lie. RG3 is pouring his heart and soul into this game, man wants one last hoorah and redemption under his name."
Thanks to Covid we now get to see 3 TE sets 👌🏽
i am proud of this defense. good job boys
That rg3 picks six really hurtin us rn
The refs absolutely fucking hate us.
I cant even be mad at this anymore..  its clear that with our real offense the Steelers are nothing.
Steelers should send Steve Saunders a game ball.
Gonna take a defense score or special teams score to win
That’s a catch & fumble unfortunate
"If that Peters int was an actual int the other week, that was a catch."
Fuck you NFL making these guys play without PRACTICE IN 2 FUCKING WEEKS
"This season can fuck off.

Why is it only Ravens players getting injured too? Not that I want anyone to get hurt on either team, but fuck me we're taking hit after hit after hit, when other teams seem to be immune."
Harris man! Proud of our dbs
#33 has had some big plays today
Give Harris a starting job
"Once remind yall, we playing with a practice squad....... and its a close game. Relax"
Yeah that’s a face mask color me surprised on the no call
I feel like Duvernay is a low key prodigy.
Chris collinsworth is gawking on steelers d more than mia Khalifa in her entire porn career
"Geez, imagine being as annoying as that screaming bitch."
TRACE MCJACKSON
Wow our 75th string TE sucks
This is pretty good proof that Lamar is making the offense function at even a respectable level
"What a fucking joke, how do you not pick that off, Clark?"
Us and allowing 3rd down completed passes name a better duo
Lol ravens should be winning rn
Defense always crumbles in dumbest way possible
"Yea, Chris. They’ll be telling their grandchildren about how they got their ass whooped by the practice squad but managed to barely squeak out a win lol"
Trace should have started this game
Steelers look pretty weak from an outside perspective
"This is a bullshit spot, he was short."
"Did they just give the game to the Steelers? Clearly short on live, the spot was short too..."
heheekwkekwdkdk Steelers jsidiekwosl - The Karens
Fuck Steve Saunders
CONGRATS STEELERS ON BEATING A TEAM OF FOURTH STRINGERS AND RECOVERING COVID PATIENTS
"Refs fucked you guys over, that was short."
Bro imagine being a Steelers fan coming in to this game sub and trolling us when they beat our PRACTICE SQUAD by FIVE points. LMFAO they are getting bounced in the first round it’s not even funny
So aggravating to see a team struggle as much as it has be 11-0 in our division.
"Step 1: complain all week about pro-Ravens bias
Step 2: literally cheat in-game
Step 3: profit"
Imagine getting hyped about barely beating 4th stringers lmfaooo. Steelers got exposed if you ask me.
Should’ve started trace at halftime tbh dudes the definition of a second half player especially when his team is losing
"Pittsburgh celebrating like they won the Super Bowl after BARELY scraping by a team that pulled a third of their roster off the couch is pretty incredible, especially considering they very well could’ve been clawing back down 21-19 late in the fourth had they not laid on the dead ball going into the half.

So much for “padding the stats”, Tuitt. What a scumbag that guy is."
HOW IS THAT NOT DELAY OF GAME WTFFF
Never want to hear shit from Steelers fans ever again about favoritism
They literally were holding Gus on the ground for 10 seconds after he was called down. We really have been getting screwed by the refs all year and the numbers back it up.
"Bitch ass motherfuckers blaming the players for getting hurt after having no practice.

What kind of fans are you delusional fuckwits"
I am once again asking for Greg Roman to be fired
Don’t forget the refs fucked us out of 7 at the end of half
"I'm proud of this team.

McSorley had some juice.

Fuck Shittsburgh and fuck the referees. That was short by a foot."
Not a fan of either team... but wow.. Ravens got hosed the entire game.  The ball looked to be short too and they called it a 1st???? Wow
"the ""11-0"" team really needed the refs to beat a practice squad"
I was hoping for a Wednesday Night Football logo and intro. I'm a little mad
**The last time the Ravens won a game as double digit underdogs they beat the Steelers with recently signed Ryan Mallett under center for the injured Joe Flacco**
Do the guys celebrating know that they’re essentially playing a practice squad?
Defense came to play... Let's make a drive
I am once again reminding you guys that I really fucking hate the Steelers
Idc how many yards RG3 or Trace throw for Lamar is playing next game
They don’t call holding when it’s against us. Nothing new
Adrenaline is a bitch. I'd run it out too haha
"Come on man, stay in the damn end zone!"
Damn you can tell the ravens really want this W
"good Ben you stupid fat fuck, I love it"
"Ok I said I came for RG3, but I’m staying for trace"
This is going to get ugly fast.
Is RG3 slow now or are we just so used to Jackson’s speed?
Yea I don’t think RG3 has ever been good for us. Dude is a solid mentor for Lamar but back up QB? Not so much.
Bench RG3 holy shit
"This game is like golf, I'm extremely emotionally invested and end up having a bad time, but it beats working"
I want that p6 back
# BEEP BEEP MOTHERFUCKER
I don't think Steelers are padding the stats they intended to
Ravens have the lead. Who would have believed it‽
"7-6, Can we stop the game here?"
Just a reminder that we were on the verge of blowing the Steelers out last game if it wasn't for the turnovers
we’re not playing terrible defense.. don’t give up so fast
Ebron getting away with all these holds and blocks in the back
Great a fucking INJURY FEST now. Man this season is an unbelievable nightmare.
Madden Curse has plagued the whole team!!
The only people left on the ravens sub is true ravens fans and I’m pretty grateful
Jimmy is so talented but has the bones of a 70 year old it seems
somebody get jimmy a healthy body for christmas finally
BEND BUT DONT BREAK
Just glad we’re putting up a fight
Hollywood is such a coward. Will never put his head down and leaves yards on the field.
RGIII needs to get the ball out quicker
They get to smash him while he's on the ground?
"Honestly, let’s start Trace."
im gonna lose my fucking mind if we keep playing 5+ yards off
Is there any better feeling than watching Ben get smoked ? Didn’t think so
Wtf is the difference between getting beat once and letting them just get 10 yards of space on every play?
FUCK YOU EBRON BUM ASS MF!! Hahahahahaha
Steelers high key scared out there lmao
"I guess Tuitt meant pad Boswells stats, huh?"
PUT IN MCSORELY FOR THE HECK OF IT
I swear if they don’t put in McSorley I’m going down to McDonald’s to punch Roman in the face
Marlon is balling the fuck out and our redzone defense is playing out of their minds. We NEED to give them some rest
Now let’s put McSorely in and win this fucking game
If we can somehow make the playoffs we will fucking curbstomp this Steelers team at full strength
Dear lord pull RG3
We get it. Pittsburgh are refined football fans and we are a bunch of thugs. Tale as old as time.
Harbaugh needs to go smack Roman upside his head and just walk away
RG3 finally does good and injures himself as he gets going
I thought RG3 was gonna start high stepping. Hope its not serious but we have nothing to lose.
Next man up.. JEEZ!
you fuckers said mcsorely smh
I want mcsorely. But not like this :(
"I feel bad for him man, he's had it rough today, but when has he gotten the time.  He's definitely not what he used to be, but you can tell he's putting in the effort.

Sucks that he got injured way back"
Dude fuck Hollywood
"Hollywood could have dove and caught that, but he's a fucking pussy, I almost forgot."
Goddamn marquis jump for that
How can you not make a move on TJ Watt jesus
Hill is playing with a chip on his shoulder
How the fuck was that not delay of game
Call delay of game on Pittsburgh
Fucking bullshiiittttt damn steelers just laying there not letting us ge up.
That was both poor time management and Steelers BS
I like the risk there.  We shouldn’t be in this game.
I like the aggressiveness but that has to be a delay of game!
We are at 0 penalties for the Steelers by the way
"Wow.  Terrible.  The refs have to call delay.  Harbaugh has to hold the T.O.  Willson has to catch that.

The worst part of that in a close game is the momentum transfer that gives the Steelers.  If you walk into halftime down 12-10 you won the half.  You have the steelers wondering whats happening."
We may not get another drive that good. Clock management was fucking garbage.
awful clock management this half. you'd have 3 timeouts if you got on the same fucking page.
Our coaches should've known better than run the ball with no timeouts. We've seen that kind of slow down. That's on the coaches. Should've taken a couple of throws and ran on 4th down if needed
**WHERE WAS THE DELAY OF GAME **
"Refs fucking us aside,  he needed to catch that ball."
I miss mandrews
Screw the announcers
Seriously. I cannot believe they let a player lay there motionless with no obstruction for a good 5 or 6 seconds. Unreal.
"As terrible as an ending it was, Wilson gotta catch that damn ball. I loved the play call, just piss poor execution.

Also, fuck the refs.  \~18 seconds to uncover that pileup and run a play while everybody was already at line of scrimmage ready to snap the ball."
This is such a 2008 Ravens Steelers game
Pad the stats
Tramon is great ( u/RodgerstoJordy 👍👍 )
"Love it when ""rules analysts"" talk about how penalties should've been called against the other team but never are"
"Yea, thanks for that, 30 min later"
Nothing like third party validation you're getting screwed. I don't know if it makes me feel better or worse.
Make up call for the missed delay of game
THAT WAS NOT A FUCKING HOLD JESUS CHRIST
Our third string center is really hitting these snaps
Another drive killed by a mystery penalty
They’re 10 yards off of dez...
I don’t really agree with that hold call. Refs are terrible and it will lose us this already impossible to win game. I get it they’re making bad calls for both sides
Sad thing is Greg Roman will never get fired by Harbaugh
Ravens have to do everything in their power to get Allen Robinson. Please somebody save him
How tf does ben have a fat fucking face but a slim body? Dont make no sense lol
#GET THE FUCK OFF THE FIELD
God we'd be crushing this team if we had our starters.
Defense is having an impressive performance. I was worried they'd be tired out by this point.
"If we had our starting offence, we would be winning this game!"
You gotta give our guys credit. They're busting their balls. Only so much you can do though with the guys out.
I'm fully convinced the refs are paid to fuck us
First down play RG3 unloads it down field to Dez lets do it no one will see it coming
Is a miracle that we've kept this a one score game this far. Fucking HEART of playing like a Raven tonight.
This feels like 2015 Ravens and I gotta say I don’t miss it
Looks like a fumble... and of course it goes out of bounds
And another 10 min commercial break
This game has restored a good amount of my respect for us this season. You can tell we’ve still got a lot of fire despite everything we’ve gone through.
"Even in real time that is clearly a catch, these refs are so bad."
"When they said ""pad the stats"" I didn't think they meant in successful challenges."
"I don't know about y'all, but I've been hating the Steelers for almost two decades and JuJu has to be the receiver I'm the least afraid of in their history. Ward, Holmes, AB...hated them and feared them. JuJu? I've never feared him once since he came into the league."
Man we’re fighting really hard. Respect.
Remember everyone bitching when the ravens are concerned no practice would cause injuries?
Our d is done and rightfully so nothing against them
who is harris????
O thank god Harris
Niiiice Harris
We were gonna beat their ass with full team man they are bad
"This is the time of the game when, if you’re not up on them by 20, the Steeler cancer starts to work into your system, and I don’t feel so good."
If we tackled better we would be 8-2.
[deleted]
how is that not a facemask
We win this game with a full roster that’s the most disappointing part to me
great effort can’t expect more with how many backups
Squeeler bitches in here downvoting lol. Imagine playing a practice squad and still being salty AF and coming in here hahaha
collinsworth has no context in what he talks about. he has no feel for whats happening in the game in how it got there. he can only comment through random facts and player hype that has nothing to do with the current moment.
"If it ain’t a perfect throw, marquise ain’t catching it..."
Keeping rg3 in the game when he’s hurt. Seems familiar...
Well at least we can look forward to the Steelers getting schooled by the Chiefs. This just ain't our year with COVID and injuries. And Roman needs to go
Why are we punting? Went from a 1% chance of winning to 0%. Fantastic
Listen to those fat gross Yinzer screams
#here we go....Trace SZN
Minkah is such a bitch. Way to talk smack to Trace lmao like wtf ok dude calm down there
Fitzpatrick talking shit to a 3rd string QB 🙄
Marquise is trash
I almost feel a little bad for the guy that dropped $25k on Dez getting 25 yards today
#82 is SO fucking bad holy shit. Has he caught a pass?
"I don’t give a shit if it’s 4th and 20

If you want to win the game you gotta go for it"
"I don't know if I feel encouraged by this defensive performance or not.

I think if we had our actual offense, we win this game"
Has Marquise Brown always been this much of a bitch? I can't recall ever seeing any fight in him.
WTF is Collinsworth on?  He has no clue.  Too many concussions.  You can argue Lamar holds the ball too long for receivers to get open.  You can not argue he runs too much.
Trace brought a lil excitement not bad!
"Honestly, Luke Willson has been one of the very few disappointments on the field today. Mostly everyone has been playing their hearts out given the situation; but Willson? Jeez, these drops have been crucial in a game no one who was giving the Ravens a chance. Not holding on to the football at the end of the first half, even if the play was in the moment, completely derailed any shot the Ravens had of upsetting the Steelers. He might have been solid as a blocker this afternoon; but as the #1 TE on this day, this is now his second drop that he should have had.

Long story short? Nick Boyle can't be replaced and obviously the Ravens need Mark Andrews out there."
"oh yes

let's finally acknowledge how shit their schedule has been"
Yall bitched for almost 3 and 3/4 quarters of football before that touchdown. Just don't forget.
This game has no business being this close
Lol Trace memes gonna continue for 2 more years cause of that one throw
So fucking lucky
Fuck me the delay of game non call looms very very large. I hate when that shit plays a factor
"The defense has done this so many times this season.

Play solid all game, but when it's late and they need a stop, it's a stone cold failure."
This game is more a testament to how shit the Steelers played than anything... If we had even half the sick players back we won this. Steelers can go 16-0 they won't do fuck all in the playoffs.
Collonsworth is so punchable
"Bro I swear the steelers are so trash 😂😂😂😂 idc of we win or lose the steelers should know they are so fucking trash 😂😂😂 over rated, questionable calls, dirty play. They have to have everything go their way. Let them go 16-0 this season and get BOOPED first game 😂😂😂 hope they all cry themselves to sleep"
Collinsworth making beating a PS team super impressive lmfaooooo
"Why is Collinsworth crazy about that catch?  Yes, it was important, but it was cleanly caught and nobody else had a play on it."
I'm a little disappointed in coaching and Luke wilson but this team played good for what it had today.
It’s over but that was not a first down lol
Congrats on the win Steelers. Unfortunately our practice squad couldn't practice for two weeks for the game today. It's very obvious you guys are the best team in the NFL being undefeated. The chiefs are shaking in their boots
Can’t believe people r calling this team a contender. Steelers will fold come playoff time
Lets see what Roman has cooked up for this drive can't wait!
"Clearly short, Steelers win off the benefit of refball"
"Yeah really tough for Tomlin to coach the Steelers to a 5 point, drag out win against no more than half of the Ravens starters, Chris. Real tough."
"Didn't exactly ""pad the stats"" there, did they?"
Steeers be pretending
PAD THE STATS 2020
If you remove the illegal RG3 pick we still winning.
That is fucking horrific by the refs. Might as well go home now. Say what you want about the clock management aspect. You can't just lie on people for 20 seconds.
I am once again reminding my brethren that I really fucking hate the Steelers and the refs.
Phins fan from central PA here. Fuck the fucking steelers and their dirty ass team and whiny fucking fans. Literally shoved the guy to the bottom of the pile and sat in him for 30 secs but get the benefit of the doubt bc they're the league's darlings. Every Steelers fan acts like the league is out to get them and everyone underrates them. Maybe you wouldn't be underrated if you didn't have a cupcake fucking schedule. I seriously cannot WAIT to see them get clapped in the divisional round. It's like the Pats. They benefit from EVERYTHING but still act like persecuted underdogs. Clemson does the same thing and fuck them too. Phins up fuck the Steelers have fun with no good QB after Ben retires
"If there’s one thing Chiefs fans and ravens fans can agree on, its fuck the Steelers"
"Worst 10-0 team in history.


We’d be destroying them with our starters in."
That dumb bitch yelling squealing and chanting here we go Steelers is probably very musty
We got FUCKED at the end of both halves...
"I can't believe that team is undefeated, they could barely beat a team decimated by injuries and COVID led by RG3 and trace Mcsorley"
"I hope RG3 can step it up, I hate the Steelers"
Drive that bitch into the ground
Welp I guess that shouldn't be surprising
a hold for .5 seconds is called on us but completely turning around us isnt. cool
Awesome play- but why run it out??
"I have no idea why you would run that out of the end zone, but fuck it. Let’s get wild tonight."
Should’ve went down in the end zone but I get it he’s trying to make a play
Bowser. Kneel in the end zone moron. Good pick tho.
Time to put in Sam Koch
RG6
"Everyone knows what that means.
THROWIN' ON A DIME"
"RG3 is a good mentor, hes not a good player anymore. Anyone thinking otherwise is fucking delusional."
I'll be surprised if the Ravens get a single first down in this game lol
SAM KOCH HAS MORE OFFENSIVE YARDS THAN ANYONE ELSE WILL THIS GAME
i have no idea who our tight ends are LOL
"Fluker runs 5 yards for the first time all season and he injures himself, figures."
Colon-Castillo is lowkey nice. Glad to see him get some real-game reps.
Say it with me: GUS THE MOTHERFUCKING BUS
STOP THE GAME
"Chiefs fan coming in peace, love our gif wars with you guys and obviously we need the Steelers to lose as well. Lets go! Fuck the Steelers"
Ravens practice squad 7 - Undefeated Steelers 6
"HEY YINZERS, WE HAVE A KICKER! 🗣"
Someone screenshot that guy's post in case we win. I already forgot his name.
So should we just start punting on 1st down to get the ball down the field?
"STOP THE COUNT!!!

FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE STOP IT!!"
Justin tucker turns me on
Why does the defense look better than it has all year while we’re missing our whole dline
Why are the corners playing so far off?? Pitt does quick throws 24/7
"I wish the ravens could design plays like that.  Just a RB and TE ""pick"" play, quick pass.  Designing players to get open.

GR deserves some credit for that RG3 sweep right tho."
This kinda reminds me of those Kyle Boller years where the defense or ST had to score or make all the plays.
Need a pick six by Bowser
We are living in the darkest possible timeline
NFL does not care about player safety AT ALL
So Ebron is gonna have the game of his life and not drop anything huh
We want mcsorely
Bring in Trace
Let’s see Trace. A good ol Wild Card is what this game needs
This game feels over despite the current score
Haven't had a Peters pick in a while
Marcus Peters has been really sus the last few games
"I don’t know who 29 is, but I appreciate his hustle"
#BEND DON’T BREAK
This team is 10-0....
Chuck had that covered even if he caught it
"Ebron is a drop machine. Please sign him long-term, Pittsburgh."
These red zone stops are clutch. Keeping us in this game. Now let's see just a hint of offense...
I gotta do something here D is bending but not breaking. Yet.
ALL THAT CRYING ON TWITTER ONLY TO DROP AN EASY REDZONE PASS LMAOOOO
The steelers might have to send saunders a ring if they go undefeated cuz we would have curb stomped them at full strength
"For all the shit these Tik Tok bitches were talking, the sure look like fucking punks out there right now!"
We need a QB who can drop dimes without even tryin'
See what Trace can do.  What are we worried that RG3 is going to get upset?
Collinsworth good and misogynistic there
The audio seems jacked up. I hear the fake crowd noise better than the announcers.
It took them that long to count 12 men
FUCK
Hopefully it's only a cramp from that other run
Yo gotta be fucking kidding me
Just as he was getting into a groove. Fuck this!
Are we about to see Trace's first career TD?
Is Huntley active this game? You know.... if trace gets hurt
Just a kid from bryerwood he’s wearing number 9
RG3 still on that’s good to see
They put on a new foot and he's back.
hollywood just sticks his arm out????
Cmon soulja
Lay out Hollywood.
Brown fucking sucks
How does brown not burn this fuck wtf
holly is scared to get hit
Marquise. That is his name.
Marquise ran in the lowest possible gear while being covered by a DE.
Hollywood is a bum
Marquise really getting clamped by pass rushers lol.
This is bullshit.
How the fuck is that not a flag???
Surprised tomlin didn't go out and cuddle on the field right there.
"Looking for: the refs brains 

Last seen: being paid by the Steelers"
The refs really hate the ravens for messing with their wednesday plans
THE CLOCK SHOULD'VE BEEN STOPPED OR THEY SHOULD'VE ADDED TIME BACK ON THEIR DEFENSE INTENTIONALLY TOOK THEIR SWEET ASS TIME AND WE COULDN'T GET SET THIS IS FUCKING CROOKED
lol I didn’t know you could just hold people on the ground
Ok but can someone tell me how that first run wasn’t a TD? He was down but the ball was touching the plank so doesn’t that make it a TD? And then to have the refs fuck y’all over right after
Roger just looks like a bitch. You know in the movies where there is that one guy who looks like a straight bitch you're not supposed to trust and know hes a rat but you trust him either way? Thats Roger.
Goddell reading his answers?
Your protocols are not working
Can we get a replay on that first run?  Looked like a touchdown
"""Have you considered shortening the season?""

""lol no we like money too much""

""But what about player safety?""

""What exactly has this league ever done to make you think we would consider that?"""
The year is 2030. Tom Brady is still playing in the NFL and Patrick mahomes has won 6 super bowls. Although there are only 30 teams in the nfl cause there are still steeler players on top of gus edwards.
Bad officials or not. WHO EXPECTED THIS TEAM TO BE BEHIND BY JUST ONE SCORE AT THE HALF?! THE REDZONE DEFENSE IS HERE TODAY
I was fully prepared for the Ravens to hurt my feelings today but boy did that last play sting
EAT SHIT SQUEELERS
"Steelers have a very, very good chance of going undefeated and still not being very good. 

I realize, as a Ravens fan, that comment can just be written off as “sour grapes” but I’m not sure there’s ever been a team this weak still undefeated at this point in the season. I think the Chiefs would absolutely ruin them."
didnt expect to actually get this invested in the makeshift squad but here we are
How tf are we still in this game lol.
only team that holds
Where was the hold?
These refs can go fuck themselves
Hollywood looking like a kid out there
"that's holding? 

good god"
is one game without  a penalty too much to ask for lol
GRO please go away I’m tired
I’m simply amazed how the refs help the Steelers every single time
"  B o y ,    we’ve  left a bunch of points on the field in a 12-7 game."
"3rd and 13 in field goal range?

Roman: Better option with the smallest RB we have"
humphrey always plays 10 yards off the receiver and it's so frustrating
"Wolfe has been pluggin the middle all game, I’ve been sleeping on him"
Imagine if we had an MVP QB out there
Get the fuck off the field you overrated fucks
How many kick and punt returns don't actually have an illegal block in the back called on them?
We are going to need a pick six or something to score
How does no one account for their best pass rusher lol
I'm feeling a juiceman pick 6 today
Throw... the ball?
"Does anyone think Roman wouldn't be calling the same plays with Lamar in there? I bet he would, he's so trash"
We need to start a drive by chucking a deep ball and hoping for PI. That's the only way we will ever make it down the field.
Oh man am I excited for the Titans to remind the Browns that they're the Browns
"Def a fumble, but these shit refs will prob let it stand"
"That's definitely a catch. 

We went through this w/ marcus peters' INT. If that's a catch, this is also a catch."
"#Refs - ""The call on the field is overturned. Touchdown Steelers"""
You know we're in their heads defensively when they challenge for 5 yards
Claypool was laughing. Can only beat a practice squad team with the refs
Harris said fuck your double move
LETS GOOOO NO IDEA WHO THAT IS BUT CREDIT TO HIM
Harris came out of nowhere. Great signing so far.
We need a turnover bad
Why are we keeping Roman around he has been awful since week 2 lol
"If you had told me the score would be 12-7 Pitt going into the 4th, id have said ""well yeah cause fuck the Steelers"""
"Gotta gulive our D credit. For missing a lot of guys and playing with no practices, they are putting in some good work today."
I need a list of our players with their numbers so I know who these postal workers are
"I really feel like our D should just get us a pick 6..
Y'all are doing everything else"
How is that not facemask?
Why is that not an offensive face mask.  It would be called on defense.
Get rg3 out least we can have a chance
Give the D credit. They were on the field for 25 minutes before they gave up their first TD.
Can we finally put in Sam Koch so we can get a passing game going?
BTW are you allowed to tackle around the neck? That's a genuine question BTW. Noticed the Steelers do it quite a lot and I imagine it's hard not too.
"Leading the league in illegal formation, smh. Coaches wanna teach these guy something or what?"
at what point do we fake that with the most accurate thrower of all time
"Man, Claypool is genuinely unlikeable."
Collinsworth is unbearable
Donnie from Dundalk is super happy right now. He’s been waiting two years for this
Trace McSorley😈 Throw it on a dime✅ Like I ain’t even tryin🥱 Just a kid from Bryerwood🤠 to wearin number 9🥶 Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy😼 Flipped to Happy Valley⚡️ Now I’m coming back and got the natty on my mind🤩 They can’t touch my deep ball💪🏼 Every game I’m scorin🏈
I don't think it matters who plays QB when Roman is calling the plays
Pittsburgh is the luckiest 11-0 team ever
Dang pretty big hit McSorley took at the end of that play.
DJ Flukers time in the NFL should be over after this season
Karma for being a bitch Minkah!
Brown is so fucking garbage.
"Dump Marquise Brown. Dude doesn’t even try.

Edit: I’ll own this one"
Guy has no chemistry with team at the end of the day. Almost back yard ball at this point.
"Trace got into Minkah’s head, elite"
Lmao brown looked dejected on the sideline you deserve it bro
Never seen a team punt with only 5 minutes left down 2 scores
Anyone complaining about third and fourth stringers not doing shit or playing bad is a fucking idiot
If we make the playoffs let us play the Steelers
Holy shit what the hell do you guys expect a 3rd stringer to do when coming in the end of a game against a top defense
"Without the 15+ players, if we just had Lamar today, we're winning no doubt. MVP. 

OLine was actually better today than recent weeks. Same receiving corp. This is the same offense Lamar uses to break the consecutive 20 point game record, that only got broken because of a fucking monsoon. Which by the way he still dropped 17 that game. Remember that when y'all criticize him. 

We need to stop asking what more can Lamar do for us. We need to start asking what more can the team do for Lamar."
PUT KOCH IN YOU COWARDS
SOULJA SIGHTING
"THROW IT ON A DIME

LIKE I AIN'T EVEN TRYING"
"Regardless how this game ends, I'm proud ofnour boys, playing broken as fuck, defense playing lights out, 10 practice squad boys promoted. Glad we got to see McSorley make a play since we didn't have a pre season. Overall a hard hitting close nail biter like usual. Go Ravens and fuck the cheating Steelers. We should be winning right now. Fuckin losers"
Aaah well.  That sucks haha.
"Man, I wish those forced fumbles would not have gone out of bounds. Nice STAT PADDING though"
WHY SI TYUS COVERING A WWR
if the defense werent on the field for 99% of this half...
Holding man
Well we lost boys but it was definitely fun. Got to see McSorley throw a td. Back at it next week with Lamar 💜👿 we’re still in the wildcard hunt. Truzz
What I've learned today; the Steelers are over-rated.
Shit rigged lmao
Steelers suck😆😆😆 barley beat the practice squad
Can't wait to see them get btfo in the first round of the playoffs
"Was really hoping for one more Trace drive too, thanks refs"
"Feel better after this game than before. Pittsburgh needed every fucking inch to beat a group of practice squad guys who hadn’t practiced in weeks. Make the playoffs, win the wild card, and go take them on in Pittsburgh full strength boys."
I want buffalo or steelers in playoffs imo we match nicely if/when we get in
That was completely on the refs! But why not spike?
"The clock management was awful, but the refs really need to be punished for letting Shittsburgh lay on the ball for that long.

No excuses."
That drive was fucking hype though...
There you go shitfuck Steelers. It should have been a foul
Absurd. We should be up 13-12.
I don’t wanna hear one more person bitch about how the NFL favors the Ravens after this game.
Can nbc stop sucking jujus cock
"Steelers are some bs.

That spot was short"
BIG BEN RAPES WOMEN
LIONS FAN! YALL GOT SCREWED BY THE REFS I KNOW WHAT IT FEELS LIKE
Worst 10-0 team ever
CALL THEM OUT FOR JUST LAYING THERE. A JOKE.
"I can't wait to see Patty Mahomes drop a 50 on this undefeated Steelers. At least the last year we were spectacular in regular season, the Steelers now are just lucky and will get exposed in the playoffs even more than we did."
Even the NFL knows they screwed us
#Luke Wilson fucking blows
Congratulations to Mike Tomlin and the Steelers for having yet another game handed to them by the refs.
"Screen said 4th and inches.. I’m not a fan of either team but that looked sketchy, cmon refs"
If you weren’t with us when we go 6-5 don’t be with us  when we go 14-2 let’s get it
Nobody got injured on that drive! Let's go!
This legit feels like it’s just some preseason scrimmage
5 yard opening drives for both teams lol
"Oh no the tiktok squad, how scary 😧"
"Haha, fools. You target the one area of out team that isn't destroyed with COVID."
Only good news is our secondary is basically completely healthy. Let's go
Flags against the ravens count:1
I’m gonna blame that on the lack of practice in 2 weeks
Notsurprisedpikachu.jpg
"All I can say to that fumble is ""wow..."""
Our offense doesn’t deserve our defense
PAY DA MAN
shoulda taken a knee BUT FUCK THE STEELERS
Pay bowser yesterday
#KING KOOPA AGAIN!!!
Should’ve taken the touchback but tbh I ain’t made at that
"Who da fuck is coaching these guys. Fall down Tyus holy hell

Edit:  good play though overall"
Bowser > Judon
BOWSER
Not to be picky had he knelt would we be at the 20 yardline?
Tyus was tryna get a TD for the offense guys they need it come on
Put in McSorely fuck it
This game is gonna be a stat padder for the Steelers D
Just use mcsorley fuck it
"RG3. Two drives, two turnovers. Now who is he yelling at on the sidelines?"
Alright I've seen enough of RG3 let's see what McSorely has
Three drives in and I think it's already mcsorely time. Let's give him the chance.
I cant believe I actually thought we had a chance
Is McSorley active?
Ya i think RG3 is gone after this year
The worst part about a pick six is immediately having to suffer again.
Lmao how are you going to jump around and celebrate like a doofus for stopping a kick return at the 33 yard line?
I hate Pittsburgh with such a burning passion 😤
"Fluker gets flagged every game, even in madden."
This fake crowd noise is really annoying.
What the hell is the game 😂
"why the fuck do they have the crowd noise louder than the commentators, its so annoying"
Great fuckin playcall right there. Defense got caught sleeping
PAD THOSE STATS SQUEELERS
Colon castillo > skura
LETS FUCKING GO GUS BUS
Boy Castillo fucked that D Lineman up
Think we found our new center
"And just like that, the Squealers are already squealing 🤣"
Better call the game now for safety
Mind you this team hasn’t even practiced
Forfeit the game Steelers. Clearly some of your players caught something.
For once in my life I can understand what Trump was thinking #STOPTHECOUNT
FUCK IT put wink in at DL.
"God, ben is the most scared qb this year"
The guys are playing real hard
As a redskins fan who has watched rg3 since his rookie year wow how a career can change
"EVERYTHING IS FINE 

^(fucking kill me now)"
Fucking light Ebron up. Put him in the fucking dirt.
I googled Tramon Williams age and he really is 37 lmfao. That's sad how far our depth has fallen smh.
Looks like hump needed the break. Looks so much better even though they haven't practiced in 10 days.
they fucking bucked us lmao
Brown has caught more catches today than in what? 4 games now?
#PLEASE END THE RG3 EXPERIMENT MAN CMON
Trace time??
Some guy put a huuuge bet on Dez getting 25 receiving yards. With RG3 in he might get none lol
I miss Lamar :(
I feel like romans offense has like 3 plays.
"Repeat after me, RG3 is only a mentor, not a player. 
  
  
Give Trace a try."
The Steelers have 3 receivers that would be our #1
Need a Humphrey One Punch like right now
Rg3 can't drive and offense 75 yards. Not gonna happen he really can't see the field
i would actually be confident in this game if RG3 werent so washed right now
"Damn Tramon, mind you he’s almost 40 years old lmao"
Peters can’t cover like a normal person for one play
I made myself throw up so I could leave work to watch this shit show
I would like to log my request for trace mcsorely next drive
"Ya'll complaining about Peters giving up that pass, he was 1on1 with Claypool if he gets beat over the top its a TD"
GET THAT OUTTA HERE
Trace time
Tell them hump 😈
I’ve seen Peters smack Derrick Henry in the playoffs he does not lack heart lol
"Beautiful footwork from Marlon on the Washington incompletion, looked like he was on a basketball court."
What a trash 10-0 team
fuck it put wink as the OC too mans a genius
This Redzone D kinda turning me on
It's happening! Our receivers have infected the Steelers receivers
twitter finger steelers can’t catch the ball cause they’ve been too busy typing.
Let’s fucking put together a drive here boys! Please.
"give Mcsorely a shot man, we need more young talent. RGIII is way past his expiration date, that man can't redeem himself this game."
RgIII to Hollywood for a bomb please
Lamar is closer to Mahomes level than RG3 is to Lamar.
Finally a chance for Dez to catch a ball today and he just straight up trips over his own feet while the ball's on its way.  Damn.
The confidence on that run looked like old school RG3.
Holy shit RGIII looking like Lamar out there!
Oh shit Lamar threw on the RG3 jersey
Holy shit rgIII got his orthopedics on
A penalty not on us??
Fuck did he tear something
RGIII’s legs have not been kind to him
Bro Dez is going to be QB by the fourth quarter
We had a rg run followed by a rg pulled hammy
This is suboptimal
That 40 yarder was too much on him.
That hurts so bad to see. Right as he starts to look comfortable... fuck man you gotta feel for the guy. Wow.
Trace mcsorely about to put the league on notice
oh man can you imagine being McSorely right now. It's your time to shine or blow out like a candle. I'd be so nervous.
This half of a game is a summary of our whole season so far.
That’s what happens when you can’t practice for a week but nfl forces you to play a game.  Hammies are gonna go
He was looking so good! 🥺
Phew he back in
"TRACE GOD DAMMIT DO IT BOY STUNT ON THESE HOES ONLY HOPE RN LETS GO
Edit: Nvm sit down"
"Our receivers are so underwhelming.  They rarely make something happen, they only catch the easiest of passes and get tackled immediately, every time."
I feel like that was on target enough for someone who thinks themselves to be a WR1
"I swear to god, Hollywood is the worst route runner in the league. He keeps running up the sideline and getting pinned against it like it's a wall."
He should have laid out for that one
can’t believe we wasted a first round pick on this bumass soujia
"Hollywood? More like East LA, am I right fellas?"
Marquise Brown is not good.
I hate Colinsworth
"loving the fucking heart today win or lose, this team is BACK"
This is fucking terrible
That’s legit horseshit
Fuck off nfl that was weak as fuck
"How was that not flagged, wtf"
Wow the refs just let them sit on us
"Fuuuuuck

How was that not a delay of game? Just take a nap on top of the pile, make them drag you off the field if they want to run a play"
fuck you steelers. that was some bullshit.
Absolutely a delay of game
"Should have just spiked and took the points, you would feel a lot better with the field goal"
Bro the play calling there needed to be in reverse. And also we should have spiked and kick. We need every point we can get
"Maybe spike it and regroup for a play, but I’m 100% on board with going for a TD there instead of a fg given the situation of this game"
That fatass was on the ground like nate robinson bruh how they not gonna call delay
If that ball was caught we wouldn’t be complaining about time management. Obviously that bs non call delay of game probably screwed up the plan
Goodell looks like a penis
Isn't awesome how the announcers pretty much glossed over that obvious bullshit?
Ok so rg3 took the timeout wtf
I agree hill scored on that play and that was delay of game clearly
This offense is gonna make Lamar look like prime Tom Brady when he comes back next week
"It is what it is. But

&#x200B;

 

>OTHER DELAY OF GAME FOULS  
>  
>Article 5  
>  
>Other examples of action or inaction that are to be construed as delay of the game include, but are not limited to, the following:  
>  
>(a) a player unnecessarily remains on a dead ball or on a runner who has been downed;"
Ever since John freaked out at the refs with no mask they’ve literally haven’t stopped screwing us over
STEELERS ARE TRASH
This is the worst 10-0 team ever
"Man the defense is trying like hell, I’ll give em that. Got some fire."
"If our offense can’t get going everyone will turn on the defense by the end of the game, but you can’t blame them they’re gonna be gassed"
"I live 40 min away from Pitt. Hope y'all win.
SKOL VIKINGS"
Thanks Terry
LamarG3
Weak ass call. FUCK ROUGHING THE PASSER
The QB runs are wide open. If we had Lamar he'd have 150 yards rushing today.
Thats a makeup call.
"yeah thats weak as shit, let QBs get hit"
No matter how the rest of this game goes. I am more proud of this team today then I even possibly imagined.
"If we win it will be the most satisfying dub since the super bowl IMO. Dead serious. Between the obvious cheating, crying over a delayed game, and that pussy defensive end tweeting before the game... I'd love it"
The refs really don’t know how to feel about Steelers falling down
Thats a pancake not a hold
EFFORT FOR ONCE FROM OUR SOULJA
How can you call holding on an inside run play you fucking idiots just fuck off
Brown go up field holy crap
It's not gonna work every single time greg
SPECIAL TEAMS BALLING OUT
A draw on 3 and 10
What a stupid fucking play call
"Dammit offense, we NEED you to score"
What the fuck is that spot? They spotted it where he was dragged back 3 yards.
hollywood put on all that muscle to still be afraid of ever player on the field
"Greg Roman's situational playcalling is just...

w/e."
Defense TD please man
Greg Roman is exhausting. Seriously
Put Ed Reed in. We need to score.
"Big time chance to swing this game. Defense needs a turnover. 

Marlo and Yannick need to step up while we have them pinned"
Would love a Juiceman pick 6 here
"I can’t blame greg roman for any of his play calls. His QB is dogshit, and his line is made up of practice squad players. Also, we’ve converted like 5 3rd and longs by running."
I would lay on them after every run for 20 seconds
RGIII > Wentz
We need a Marlo punch right about now
LETS GO MARCUS
The worst part about this is if we somehow pull this off the Steelers fans are just going to say they got screwed by the game getting pushed back
How is the crowd annoying and nobody is there?
The bad penalties are the only thing consistent about our team this year.
This game is an absolute roller coaster of emotions. I love how competitive we are right now
"Fuck it I’m suiting up 

Put me in at WR get my man RG3 some help"
"MAKING A STATEMENT LOLOLOLOL 

They are getting demolished by our practice Squad"
Watt was in the neutral zone again but whatever
lol how is TJ Watt the only man unblocked HOW
Greg Roman doesn't know what slants are
Why not throw the ball deep and see if we get a catch or a call just stupid
Defense has to score their own touchdown at this point
"Let's keep talking up the defense playing the guys who could barely field s team

Wtf"
Scheme up something for Dez. Let's get a slant to Hollywood. Maybe a  rare Boykin sighting? Take a fucking chance guys. *Fuck.*
This defense will die in the fourth quarter
MARLO has this punch shit down
Marlon is so fucking good
"I think it should be overturned, but it's close so I would love for them to lose a timeout"
"Eh, I think it's a catch and fumble. Juju and fumbling, name a more iconic duo."
Left tackle uncalled false start
PUNCH
"Thats a catch and a fumble. He had like 4 steps, he tucked the bal land turned up field"
NBC is the worst. They run the most commercials of any network I’ve watched a football game on. It seems like any chance they get they run a commercial break.
That was totally a catch.
"JFC. 

I hate these injuries more than i hate the steelers."
Our only healthy group is getting decimated now lol
they don’t care about the health of the players not practicing they just need money
Remember Miles Boykin?
Who was that? More of that guy.
ik we are most likely going to lose but the defense is fucking balling tonight
Can we see trace
"All thing considering, I'm so proud of this team...they are fighting their hearts out right now"
"If you said it would be a one score game at the end of the 3rd, I'd think you were lying.

What a game."
5 total passing yards
We held a 10-0 team within a TD with like 10 starters out. For 3 quarters. I think we’ve done all we could’ve expected
KC will slaughter them
"I don't get it, G Ro is acting like RG3 can't throw a ball. At least give him a chance, he be did used to be a really good QB at one point in this league"
I have only been a Ravens fan for a few years but I really hate the Steelers now. This whole thing and they just seem like the whiniest fan base and players
Soulja making no plays
have we gotten a first down after a passing play today? doesn't feel like it
"Greg Roman is making rg3's life extremely difficult right now. 

Run on 1st down, throw on 2nd and long against THIS FRONT???"
"Defense just gave up a TD, is gassed and hurt 

WE GOTTA GO FOR IT THERE"
Chase Claypool is such a cocky little bitch. Fuckin hate him
Was that a fucking vulture tf was that noise lmao
What was that sinful noise
"The Steelers offense turned into the old Pats offense

Boring ass dink and dunk garbage"
I wish the refs would just go down to the field and actually start jerking off juju... you know they want to
THROWIN DIMES
MCSORELY TIME!!!!!
“Put in trace mscorely” literally suck my dick
"This is just awful to watch. I see no adjustments on the offensive side of the ball because of the situation. Where is the screens? The slants? Quick throws? We are waiting far too long to throw the darn ball at this point and RG3 is getting killed. 

Roman needs to be fired for lack of adjusting a gameplan after he said he was doing that. FFS."
How does Minka work back to the pass harder than 15?
Sam Koch for QB next drive!!! LMAO!!!
why the surrender punt smh
Punt? What?
Punt? Damn we are really just giving up.
Someone replaced Luke Wilson’s hands with bricks
Honestly have a better chance of scoring with the defense than the offense
"Marquise brown can’t even catch Covid when almost all the starters got it, how do we expect him to catch a football"
Everyone saying luke willson sucks but his blocking has been huge today. He could basically be nick boyle for us.
Even though it’s an L I’m still proud of us for competing against the “best team” with a literal practice squad
I TAKE BACK MY BROWN SLANDER but I’m still not calling him hollywood
Marquise '*Marquise*' Brown
HOLLYWOOD DID SOMETHING LFGGGGG
Now THATS A fucking soulja play
"Guess we found our bona fide QB2, I like it"
Sight for sorley eyes amirite?
Literally threw it on a dime
Trace McSorley😈 Throw it on a dime✅ Like I ain’t even tryin🥱 Just a kid from Bryerwood🤠 to wearin number 9🥶 Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy😼 Flipped to Happy Valley⚡️ Now I’m coming back and got the natty on my mind🤩 They can’t touch my deep ball💪🏼 Every game I’m scorin🏈
That’s game unfortunately.... ugh they played with so much heart. Super proud of this team right now!
Well boys. It was a good effort from our practice squad.
LEAVE GREG ROMAN IN SHITTSBURG
Wtf that was short
If it wasn't for ending empty handed in the last drive of the first half
gotta love refball lmao this is trash
"How tf was that a first down, there is clearly space between the marker and ball. Glad the refs could finish us off"
"They can't have the undefeated Steelers lose to a bunch of backups, let's be real."
“It’s a tough sequence for Pittsburgh” Eat a fucking dick they got handed a win against our practice squad
Got home from work to catch the last quarter. Wish I didn't cause now I'm just mad. Fuck the Steelers!
Juju will forever be a bitch.
😂 haha fuck you Pittsburgh
10-0 everyone
What if trace mcsorely is the next Tom Brady just waiting to get a chance to play?
That's some dirty football Jeez
"Shades of Lee Evans in the 2011 playoffs against the Patriots.  Both of those passes should have been held onto, poor effort/hands.  Also, fuck the refs for letting the Steelers waste 15 seconds of clock literally laying down on the field, holding our player down so he couldn't get up.  Some serious bullshit."
"So I guess laying on the fucking players for 20 seconds limp isn't a penalty? But the ravens are getting favored though, wtf kinda bullshit is this"
"pad the stats now involves: field goals, drops, and cheap tactics

and fuck off with HuGe MiStAkE

how the fuck are we supposed to predict gus would be slept on for 20 whole seconds with not a damn thing to prevent it"
Why do we always run on 3rd and long smfh
"I’m a dolphins fan, and that is a bullshit spot"
[deleted]
"Refs really helped the Steelers beat our practice squad, wow.  Not the only bad call all day, but the final play of the game, they measured with the sticks, and the ball is clearly short of the first down where the chains are extended out.  How do they call it a first down?  Even with the bad spot, it still was short, and they said it was a first down anyway?  It literally makes no sense."
I am not crazy right. They literally spotted the ball and then showed that it was short from their own marker and then out of nowhere it just says it was a first down and they are kneeling.
You know what marquise is gonna do tonight after another horrible game? Go play madden and only throw it to himself and pretend he's a top 3 receiver in the league
"Now, I think we can officially stop the Lamar speak, what he manages to do with this offensw is nothing short of a miracle week in and week out"
"It took the 10-0 Steelers refs, cheating and our practice squad to win. Be proud of our boys today"
Marlon is JuJus father
Steelers have to be the worst 10-0 of all time
18 FUCKING SECONDS and the refs did nothing!
THE STEELERS ARE FUCKING CHEATERS WTF
Harbaugh is so bad at clock management
How the fuck do the Steelers just get to lay on Gus for 20 seconds?
Terrible reffing good lord
ThE NfL bEnT oVeR bAcKwArDs FoR uS
Juju celebrating beating a 37 year old DB lmfaooooo
"bro, you scored the first offensive touchdown against a practice squad

in the 4th...

sit yo ass down"
[deleted]
Well hats off to the worst 10-0 team in history. Barley squeezed by our practice squad
Im not mad. We stood up.
"we got donkey dicked by the refs at the end there but fuck it. our 80% dead covid slaughtered team barely lost by 5. if not for that end of first half fuckery we win 21-19. they're undefeated and fucking barely beat up on scrubs. fuck them.    


Trace looked ok. Maybe he isn't going to be the next Tom brady or whoever but he can be serviceable with a non-dogshit offense"
RG3 AKA THE STEELERS KILLER BOUTA FUCK EM UP
Who had Wednesday afternoon football against an undefeated steelers football team on their 2020 bingo card.
Lol @ the Thanksgiving commercials finally getting played today
WE RAN A SCREEN
"so now we start running WR screens, I see how it is greg"
[deleted]
Today I’m a ravens fan since RG3 is in.
RG3 looking like old Flacco on that 3rd down
I loooove seeing Ben getting hit
Rapist got smacked
Let's fucking go!!!
"""King Koopa"" is layeth the smacketh down on ""Big Ben""!"
And there we have it fellas
This is what happens when you have a team as depleted as us
Season in a nutshell.
SO WHOS TAKING SHOTS WITH ME?!?!
RG3 sucks lol
Somehow this game is gonna be Lamar’s fault on r/NFL
Can someone explain to me how r/NFL thinks the Ravens are benefiting from this game and the Steelers are the victims here?
Can we all agree that the Blame of the Game this time is on COVID?
Nice pick but why run that out
"Interception for Roethlisberger..  Nice 

&#x200B;

At least our Defense is working today..."
Hell yeah not even 3 points. Fuck you Squeelers
BOWSER NOOOOO. DUDE coulda had the ball at the 20
GREAT FUCKING JOB DEFENSE!!!
Captain fat fuck is complete shit
Nice throw ben
Nice but he was so excited he didn't even think to take a knee
Watching ben look fearful of men overpowering him is satisfying and ironic
I can’t be mad at Bowser he’s still killing it so far
Ok McSorely time
yeah get Griffin the fuck out. that was one of the worst things I've ever seen
RG3 is making this a tough one to watch
McSorley SZN pls
Rgdone
Can we start McSorley? RG3 is so bad.
GIVE US TRACE
PUT IN TRACE MCSORLEY
We've turned the ball over 6 times in 5 quarters against PIT lmfao. FML
I truly underestimated how terrible RG3 could be
Did anyone legit think RG3 was gonna magically elevate the O? Lmao
I actually want to see Trace bc how much worse can it really get
RG3 really shouldn’t be in the NFL anymore
Steelers fans after beating the ravens practice squad 😈😈😈
Remember idiots actually mentioning Boswell in the same sentence as Tucker? LOL!
Trace can't be any worse and he's at least young lol
OF COURSE ANOTHER HOLD THIS IS SO FUN
Does Harbaugh not hear us every week when we say we’re sloppy? Because we play sloppy
What is RG3 doing?
there’s like 12 people in the stands. please turn down the crowd noise
Who tf is Steven Tuitt? Why would I care about this nobody's tweet?
LMFAO @ RG3. He got pushed for a sack. Take him out jfc. Hes a bum.
We about to go 3 and out on the goal line lol
"Announcers obligatory ""John Harbaugh was originally a Special Teams coach"" comment. Take a drink."
If I had a nickel for every time we’re reminded Harbaugh was a special teams coach
All be damned.   Touchdown Ravens!!!
"Well at least we're not gonna get shut out, so we got that going for us"
PAD THAT BABY
CHOOOOO CHOOOO MOTHERFUCKERS
If Steelers lose by a possession that punter is getting the Matt Skura treatment
BIG TRUSS
Quick! Someone call in a bomb scare or something so they have to call the game right now!!
"I take my previous statement back. Lets go old school, RB TDs and INTs."
if you don't like 3rd string centers you don't like covid ball
"Man, imagine having Chris Boswell 😬"
"If you gave me a free $1M bet that the Ravens would lead at any point in this game, I wouldn’t have taken it 😂"
47 minutes left and the Ravens hold a lead 👀
STOP THE COUNT
"Cyberpunk 2077 shout out, love to see it"
On pace to win 28-24 😏
One silver lining is we can see some standouts like our center so far maybe will get in some “real” games later
"Pittsburgh never gets called for OPI, so fucking annoying"
"If the defense only lets them score field goals, I really believe we can win this"
Our dline is the equivalent of a middle school JV team at this point
Our boys need to drink some milk or something
"Why sre we still here, just to suffer?"
I am once again reminding my comrades how much I hate the steelers.
"I would love the DBs to just jump every route. Don’t give a cushion, what’s the value of losing slowly? Take some fun risks"
Ebron the dude who has massively underachieved his entire career but won't stop jawing about beating up on a team with 23 players out
I think wolfe learned that from ben a few minutes ago. that's what he was telling him
marlo the goat
"Big Ben 51.3 passer rating

🔥🔥 Stats padding 🔥🔥"
This has to be the most average 10-0 team I’ve ever seen. If Pittsburg meets the Chiefs in the playoffs they are going to get wrecked.
THROW IT ON A FUCKING DIME IM DRUBK ANHD HYPEEDDDDD
I imagine trace only listens to his theme song waiting to play
#SOULJA ALERT
Can Hollywood get up the field? My god
"even with all these people out, gus still not getting his share"
Why tf can’t brown catch on the run
You would think if Hollywood is that small and quick and always avoids contact he would be agile and elusive but nope
Harbaugh is legit gonna watch RGIII fail to do simple things all game and make no changes
There's no way we go the whole game without a fake punt pass
It’s so sad when I wonder if we’ll even have 100 yards of offense today. 2019 take me back
Why won't the DBs press? Ben is getting the pass off within seconds of the snap
Idc if we lose just put trace in
Wish we could stop em on third down
Can’t give up 3&10 to an offense that lives on quick throws
"they are literally throwing 3 yard passes every play, this isnt revolutionary, collinsworth"
Classic ebron
Lol we’re still in it baby!
Damn I’m so proud of this team. Not breaking under any circumstance and dealing with the hand dealt
We HAVE to score here. Defense is holding them to 3 over and over
What/Who should I sacrifice to get an offensive TD?
FG here will be fine. Keep it close
Trace hasn’t practiced since November 18th idk if we see him at all
HOLY SHIT RG3 OK WE SEE YOU
RG TRIPLE STICKS IN THE FUCKING BUILDING
THAT'S MY RUNNING QUARTERBACK
"2:45 left in the half and we are still within one score of taking the lead.


Stop and consider this."
How is it still 2nd down on a 5 yard penalty?
Mcsorley time
Noooooooo
#NO NO NO NO
Oh jeez lol trace time
Please be okay RG III
plz be ok RG3
I really can’t help but laugh man. This game is incredible for so many reasons. We need you RG3 pls be ok
"BY GAAAAWD THATS TRACE MCSORLEYS MUSIC


*Throooow it on a diiiime"
TJ Watt on Brown wtf
"Brown just got covered by Watt. Alright, Brown, now I’m done with you."
Oh wow they putting watt on hollywood lol
Fucking DDIVE YOU PUSSY I HATE TOU HOLLYWOOD
How is Brown only a step ahead of Watt?
"My exact words before that play ""eh justice hill sucks"" maybe he heard me"
JUSTICE: DELIVERED
More heart on that run than I’ve seen past 4 games
JUSTICE HILL FUCKING HATES THE STEELERS
Why the fuck wouldn't we call a timeout Collinsworth LMAO fucking retard
"Ok, if hill can do this in a game

1 why haven't we seen it before

2 why do we still have ingram"
That was SUCH FUCKING BULLSHIT
THATS A DELAY OF GAME GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE
Fuck off
FUCKING HELL WILSON HOW
YO I'M FUCKING HEATED RIGHT NOW FUCK THESE REFS
Lee Evans ptsd
Looked like a TD at first to me. I can understand running a real play instead of spiking
"Geez, there's no flag for holding our guy down?"
"remember the ""no added time"" fiasco?"
welp that’s a 3rd TE for you
We end up with no points in the red zone WAY too often
That was absolute BS on every front
What did the refs miss??
Fuck roger
Why am I mad over this game
nah i like that sequence but LUKE BABY CATCH THE BALL
Goodell looks high AF
"What a joke, all I can do is laugh!"
"Why are the Steelers a bunch of cheating, lieing, bastards. They should automatically be disqualified for intentionally laying on the ground."
This is the worst penalty in all of football. They don’t deserve 50 yards on that bullshit.
Funny how it takes the refs for the Steelers to beat a team full of practice squad players
C'mon offense our D needs your help
Defense is standing on it’s head
This is going a lot better than I thought it was gonna go.
"I was straight up yelling ""GET THE FUCK OFF THE FIELD!"" for over a minute after that 4th down stop."
The Chiefs are going to beat this team by 30 come playoff time
#We’Re gOiNg 16-o
"That's a bad call, agreed."
Is it just me or does RGIII look PISSED? I like it
That's a perfect tackle lol. But I'll take it
“Should be an easy one”
how are the steelers not blowing this team out
Run it consistently WITH PRACTICE SQUAD LINEMAN.
HOW IS THAT A HOLD
Hollywood blows dick
How the fuck is that a hold
our defense is playing so well
Play calling sucksssss so badddddddd
If we don’t trust RGIII to throw on 3rd and 10 then take him out
i wish the ravens would realize EVERYTHING didn’t have to be out of shotgun. A simple single back dive would’ve been a much higher percentage play to at least not lose two yards.
How did they call Fluker for holding but didn't call Ebron earlier on in the game for the most obvious and conspicuous hold of the day.
Refs cost us at least 6 points. We’re down 5
I am absolutely **shocked** at the efficiency of our running defense. Dang.
Why couldn’t they just blow us out. Way less stressful.
GE TTHE FUCK OFF THE FIELD
"Defense is playing inspired football.

You love to see it."
Refs NEED to get the yellow/black meat out their mouths
"No matter what happens just remember this:

With half our team inactive, against the 10-0 Steelers, with clear and indisputable evidence the refs are helping the Steelers as much as possible, we are still 1 score away from leading into the 4th.

FUCK. THE. STEELERS. AND THEIR CRYING, ARROGANT, ~~VICTIMS~~ FANS"
Why are you leavijg tj watt unblocked?
Great drive right there 👌
How many yards do we have today on offense?
Juiceman pick 6 pls!
Proud of the team today for keeping it close this year sucked overall but we in good hands
Need a turnover. Unfortunately asking defense for a lot let’s see if they can deliver again
Roman is really testing my patience rn
"What’s the point of having Bob in this game if they won’t let him throw?

He may not be Drew Brees but his right arm is still attached to his body"
I have faith boys. RG3 doesn’t look like garbage. DEF isn’t actually playing that bad
"I get not abandoning the run, but man the Steelers are DARING us to pass. 

S/o to Roman still calling zero play action passes"
At least we can win against the cowboys hopefully maybe
This is just showing me how much Roman is holding back Lamar. I get were playing with JV offense but that’s when you let out some creativity...
That’s a catch and punch out unfortunately
It’s a catch and fumble
that's a catch.
Boo Boo Schuster
Another fumble out of bounds. Teams have gotten lucky against us.
They need 4 yards. Let's give them a 10 yard cushion
Soft tissue injuries and no practice. Name a more iconic duo
It funny cause I can tell who it’s going to every time because of how far off they’re playing
we need a marlon pick 6 here
"damn why they gotta give a terp carries, conflicted ass feelings right there"
ik we’re probably gonna lose but i got a feeling we’re gonna be alright ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
The injuries from this game are going to affect us for a while
"This game should be 14-12 going into the 4th, maybe even 17-12. Ravens could barely put a roster together to take the field and are not getting nearly enough credit for making the Steelers work harder than they have all year.

I will take so much immense joy in seeing them get pummeled in the playoffs."
This game smells of a John Harbaugh special.  Ravens get to the end and would have been in a much better place if they had gotten 3 points earlier in the game.
"Playing with a bunch of backup players from injuries and Covid, no practice time, and we're still in it so far. We are still probably going to lose. But its clear these Steelers can't hang in the playoffs"
"Pick 6, por favor"
Can't even be mad about that missed tackle. They have played their ass off. I'm sure they are gassed right now.
How do we get called facemasks for that but no one else does
Is that not a face mask
Can only expect the defense to hold for so long. What’s frustrating as shit no one expected us to win but the opportunities were there and they were fucked up.
Trace mcsorely please
Are y’all serious about Trace or is this a meme I’m too depressed to enjoy?
Happy thanksgiving y'all
"We are about to get a td.
We have to have hope.
The Steelers messed up before.
They can mess up again.
This is football. Anything can happen in 4th quarter."
"Cant blame the defense, they’re short handed and just tired. They’ve been bailing this offense out all game"
Never been more prouder of this team than I am right now
"Juju.. that score was not jig-worthy, tbh"
Showing the Tomlin KR block. Fucking awesome. Love Steeler cheating getting celebrated.
Why am I still here? This is barely football.
Has the team gone a single game without an illegal formation penalty?
Lol Dez thinking we would snap the ball. We don’t do that here
"If RG3 can’t run pull him out, he’s gonna get himself seriously hurt."
my dawg RG3 fallin apart bro fuck this game
Just throw it up to Dez.  See what happens.  He’s the only one who has ever had a history of hands on this team
Why punt when you can just kneel it Harbs
We should have gone for it. Who cares at this point.
Memes aside. In all seriousness rg3 is clearly fucking hurt. If hes your backup you are being stupid keeping him in a game thats prob not winnable
That was not a bad time for a Koch pass. We’re going to need trickery to have a shot at this (spoiler alert: we don’t have a shot at this).
Hopefully everyone shuts up about Lamar now
That was the closest this game will ever be and we decided to just fuck off and take the L instead of dying on the shield
It’s clear he’s hurt. This is the first time I’ve questioned Harbs as a coach. Take the guy out!
Holy shit who the fuck is that banshee screeching???
Whoever just screamed like that needs to shut the fuck up
D is gassed
What the hell is that literal shrieking?  Jesus.
Who the hell are these screaming seagulls?
"announcers got the big Ben's dick in there mouth, they scored 12 in the firsr"
Holy shit Ebron sucks.
Its time boys
#TRACE TIME BITCHES
THROW IT ON A DIIIIIIIME
"Oh no, the McSorley fanboys got their wish"
"McSorley time, apparently.  RGIII injured, or coaches just don't think he can pull this off?"
This defense has given us 12 points. TWELVE
"We McSorely need a score

McScorely"
We can't lose now! McSorley!!!!
[to cheer everyone up ](https://imgur.com/gallery/tMezyRk)
"Did anyone really expect us to win today? I actually feel bad for the Steelers. Basically our entire offense line is from practice squad. We don’t have our D line. We’re playing CBs I’ve never even seen before. Playing our 3rd & 4th string HBs. (Speaking of which, I don’t see us keeping Justice Hill after this year.) But the Steelers are 10-0 and barely beating us. They’re running the same path that the Bills ran last year."
"BAKER WON THA HEISMAN

NEXT UP TRACE MCSORELYYY"
If Trace McSorely wins this fucking game...
Vikings fan here im jealous you guys have Trace
Saunders. Fuck you bro
Lamar is everything for us
DONT TALK SHIT ABOUT LLAMA NO MORE. I DONT WANNA HEAR IT.
Doesn't matter who is throwing it to him Brown will not get to it
Amazing block by Gus there btw
It’s like a white Lamar Jackson
How does nobody on our sideline stick up for McSorley after that hit?
Offensive line has played surprisingly well all things considered
Is Brown just having a bad year or is he a bust? Not throwing shade. Honest question
Zero urgency lmao. This is a Harbaugh problem.
Remember when our receivers could get separation? Good times
Wilson can’t catch.
This is peak painful viewing
Can we cut Wilson? Idc if we have no TEs that dude fuckin trash dog
"what's chris talking about lol?

Seems like our fanbase wants lamar to scramble MORE instead of sticking in the pocket."
Marquise can’t catch a ball from any of our QBs.
This game made me realize how important #8 is. My lord.
"Where my hollywood haters at, giving up on a wr cause of the coaching"
THROW IT ON A DIME!!!!
"love him or hate him, the 1st career TD for a QB is always a great play to watch.

atta boy, Trace."
#15 just big dicked Fitzpatrick
Hollywood fucking burnt Minkah
"Damn...Hollywood looks ""slow"" but ill take it lol"
SOULJA BOY UP IN THIS HOEEEE
# PLEASE OH SPIRIT OF UNITAS WE NEED A PIX 6
TRACE FUCKING MCSORELY
"Man you guys really turned on Hollywood so fast. Yeah, his tweet was immature. He’s also still a fucking kid, and was frustrated. Still a bright future for the hardworking kid."
Pick 6 incoming 🤞
Another catch fumble out of bounds smh
We need to take out the rapist!
#WHY CAN'T IT STAY THE FUCK IN BOUNDS
I JUST HAD A MINOR STROKE FROM THAT FUMBLE. MARLON BALLIN TODAY
Imagine if they fucking called that delay of game
Can Trace help on D?
"Is it the ravens or is it seasonal depression? Trick question, it’s both"
Left ten points on the field at the end of half and not trying the FG with Tucker
"Big Ben, throwing picks and raping chicks!"
It's amazing that this is still a close game
"ravens clutch defensive plays happen on 1st and 2nd

and on the miraculous chance it is 3rd, it's in 4th down territory and that ends up a 40 yard pass"
That was a horrible spot. It is not a first down
He's short
BS spot it’s 4th down
The only good thing Pittsburgh is Mac Miller. There I said it
Fucking dumbass refs
Good fucking week boys. Keep our heads up we will beat them in the playoffs just gotta get there!
Can someone photoshop today’s lead ref and a corona virus cell fist bumping while bending over John harbaugh and fucking him pls cause I kinda feel like that’s what happened today
#Anyone else remeber Monster League Football for the sega genesis.......press ACC to kill the refs
STOP THE COUNT
Half ass reception attempt and then has a huge smile coming back to the huddle... brown is a shit head
Thats some horseshit and im not even a ravens or steelers fan. It was so obvious and happened for literally 20 seconds. Throw a gd flag
"Honestly, just the fact that we put up a respectable fight in the first half is cool by me."
Claypool is straight bitch
I went from caring not at all and expecting a loss to being more emotionally invested than I have in any other game. God damnit Ravens.
Watt is offsides wtf
Defense gotta be tired as fuck
Chiefs watching this game knowing they’ll tear both these teams apart :/
Damn. I appreciate the effort from everyone minus Hollywood since he just not doing much
well good to confirm McSorley is pitiful 😂
Dude you beat a team full of practice squad players by 5 congrats
"That’s short, stop bailing them out"
Unbelievable that Collinsworth can't take the Steelers dick out of his mouth after they barely beat a practice squad team.
The steelers need to be congratulated for beating an offense full of back ups 🤣
Steelers could commit a 1st Degree Murder and the Refs wouldn’t see a damn thing
"I can't remember the last time i saw the refs call a delay of game for what the steelers just did.

We cannot bail our coaches out for running the ball in that situation. A spike would've been better as it would've stopped the clock for a potential fg."
Juju dancing cause he beat a practice squad cornerback
Oh so facemasks don't exist.
No excuses. We lost. It was close which shows how trash the Steelers actually are considering we were thinned out drastically. Time to sweep the rest of our games. Go to the playoffs. Beat everyone. And bring the Truss back. Fuck the Steelers.
How the fuck is that not offensive hands to the face or face masking on Juju??! WTF he grabbed his facemask and dragged him to the ground.
RG3 yelling at someone on the sideline after one of the worst pick sixes I’ve ever seen like it’s anyone else’s fault but his. Fuck outta here Bob
I just want to say how much I absolutely hate the Steelers. Fuck them. Fuck all the calls going there way. Fuck that qb. This week has been a nightmare.
"""Pad the stats"" 

Easy to do when facing a practice squad you bitch."
Chiefs fan here. Plz win lol
Oh baby. These are the breaks we need if we are gonna have a chance.
Humphrey fucking owns the Steelers overrated WRs
RG3 just isn't confident that he can make the throws. Dude is hesitating like a motherfucker. Couple times now that he hasn't thrown it and he's had options.
The announcers are the worst. Get off Watts dick. It was a bad pass
How many games have the refs won for the Steelers?! Wtf man
Mickey Mouse 10-0 the Steelers are 6-4 in my book 🤡
I hope we see these frauds again. Worst 10-0 team I’ve ever seen
WFT fan here. Fuck the refs🤩
The irony of steeler fans talking about how the NFL is against them
As a chiefs fan go ravens
I support Harbaugh for that timeout. They clearly planned out their next plays. If the Steelers weren't a bunch of dirty neutered dogs delaying the game pretty sure it woulda worked.
"Fuck, this is where blowing the games vs NE and PIT earlier hurt so bad. We should be 8-2, not 6-4. Fuck."
"What fucking fumble


Shut the fuck up announcer you limpid bitch"
FUCK IT PUT MCSORELY IN
#Mods better ban the Yinzer trash that comes into this sub after the game
"Will someone tell these drunk, assuredly ugly girls to shut the hell up"
Did we really think we’d get help from the refs on that spot ?
Shows a camera angle where the ball is clearly short -> FIRST DOWN STEELERS
Holy fuck can’t get more obvious that the refs fixed this game for the steelers
Fuck the Steelers
Usually I use both the ravens game thread and the r/nfl game thread to see differing opinions but I refuse to look at that game thread today unless we’re winning for that sweet sweet salt
"ravens: are fielding a practice squad

Steelers and their fans: fucking rigged against the steelers. so unfair. I just shat my pants"
first time i've seen trace suited up
RG3 SZN
RG3 balls out. Him and Lamar run the wildcat for the rest of the year. Super Bowl bound double QB TEAM!!!!
*ALL ABOARD THE GUS BUS*
Maybe for once this game thread isn’t going to be filled with crazy expectations. We’ll see though.
"fuck you NBC for including Tomlin's sideline antics as a ""highlight"""
"Can’t watch today boys will be at work, not worried RG3 will stunt on these hoes"
LETS GET THIS FUCKING DUB BOYS FUCK COVID AND DOUBLE FUCK DTEVE SAUNDERS
Inb4 Greg Roman calls plays he should’ve been calling since the beginning of the season
Offsides much?
Just here for the fuckin' memes boys
Really weird to be at work at home and watching football.
KING KOOPA
Our defense can keep us in this game. Problem is can our offense score 7 points
3 and out baby
This game is winnable if the offense just scores a few times
Yeah we straight up tackled their gunner lol
"Yeah, I'm sure that was a good call! FUCK THE REFS"
Seems like we get a ridiculous number of holding calls against us all the time this year.
Good defense
can we see someone else if rg3 looks shitty
Let’s get this win! Channel the Mallett!!
Force feed Dez Hollywood and Gus. This is the way
Lol this is worse than preseason.
😐 but that's expected when you dont practice
Hold on bowser all day
Humph's effort has been shit since he came back from Covid. I hope it's not something lingering from it.
LOL MISSED HOLDING CALL LOVE IT
"Yeah the refs are just gonna ""miss"" the hold, wink wink."
Blind ass refs
The ref was right there too...
Defense has came to PLAY
Hell yeah for the stop! Wish he would have downed it in the end zone. LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
Stay in the end zone
Take a knee man wth
Just go down Bowser my guy
PAY BOWSER. he has been our best OLB this year
"Shouldn't have run it out because RGIII at his own 5, but still amazing plays by the defense to stop the Steelers."
"Lets go bb

^stay ^in ^the ^endzone ^tho"
GODDAMN IT MAN JUST GO DOWN!
Can we see McSorely
oooof should've kneed in endzone
Don’t even care that there’s no touchback. We needed that to pump this team up
I hope we win this game and the steelers eat shit
Why would you take that pick out of the end zone...
RG3 is the Derrick Rose of the NFL. Promising young talent until a knee injury changed his trajectory.
We stand tall
"https://twitter.com/megatronnie/status/1334239869929984007?s=21

lol"
Give me mcsorley
Put in trace
Put in McSorely
Brown putting in the SOLID effort to tackle at the end of that play 😂
Man Marquise really fucking pissing me off. Dude didn’t even try to tackle him.
TRACE TIME
Wow sure am glad we didn't take a knee in the end zone off that interception so we could had some extra room to try and stop that pick six
Yeah so when do we get a new backup that isn’t a wash up?
theres no way you throw into double coverage to our punt returner...
We really playing the Steelers with our backups for the second straight year
Please take RG3 out.
someone call josh woodrum
Give me that McSorley so Pissburg can get that McAssKick
RGIII is shit. He looked shit even when our team was good last year. I don't have any faith in him.
Damn it's almost as if this team barely practiced
RG3 is like a old dog at qb and we expect him to do tricks lol ain’t happening.
Can John Harbaugh play QB?
Different QB same start to the game. Pain
Put trace in. RG3 has been a bum at QB for a long ass time now. He aint doing shit
are they really calling holding on us and not the steelers?
"""Pad the stats should be an easy one"" yeah you're playing a practice squad bud get your head out of your ass"
RG3 pick incoming
"As painful as this has been to watch so far, that fake constant background crowd noise is the worst thing about the game."
They should just kick an FG now before they can turn it over
"RG3 looks like he never played football before, offense as a whole looks JV. Special teams and defense going off tho"
Just kick a field goal on 1&10
Griffin only gonna throw swing passes?
Fuck it we should just let Tucker try to hit 70 yard FG’s
Ravens defense gonna win this game. RG3 playing like a rookie.
He moves like he's covered in molasses
"Every time RG3 throws I hold my breath, it scares me"
Must be an imax theatre with all these screens
Talk shit about RG3.
Ok hes getting more confident. Throw a td and we winning
Hill doing his best to carry the team
Please no turnover
Hand it to gus 40 times this game
Where is Gus Bus? He’s a power back
"Steelers all week:  ""There is no justice for us!""

Ravens: Justice!"
I was convinced all last year that J Hill was gonna end up being our best back. Obviously I was wrong but the dude can still play
#GUS BUS
"The offense scores a touchdown! Thank you, Davontae Harris!"
The center did fucking work!
PAD THE STATS BOIS!!
"Now how come we haven't been doing this all season? 1 yard to go, give it to our rb."
Why the fuck are we so slow getting to the line? Like this isn't just this week but throughout the season. Show some fucking urgency.
THE BUS THAT SHOULD PLAY WAY MORE THAN HE DOES
Maybe the Steelers were the Hoes this whole time
"Anything can happen on any given Wednesday
Pulling for you as a Bills fan ... if you and us both beat the Steelers we have a good chance of catching them for seeding (probably would be #2 barring a Chiefs collapse)"
"WE. ARE. IN. THE. LEAD.

FUCK THE STEELERS"
ALULU AINT SHIT TO OUR BOY COLON
We actually have a lead!!
We’re in the lead holy shit
STAT PADDING TIME BITCHES
FUCK YOU STEELERS
Tucker just padding his stats
We have the lead we have the lead
"It’s not a shut out, we actually scored 😀😀😀😀😀

Well done flock 👏👏👏"
Team has a different vibe for sure with the new faces. Hell of a block!
I will never ever let anyone steeler fan forget this game if we win.
"Our D is playing lights out, but I don’t think we can survive another couple turnovers. We need to protect that ball at all costs"
Yinzers can suck on my hairy balls
dont need to tell me to preorder cyberpunk... did that a whole ass year ago
"Mcleod is looking shaky as hell. 

Ravens should kick to him more and try to force more turnovers."
Isn't a Ju Ju a kind of soft candy?
Stunt on these hoes 🙏🙏🙏
surprised juju wasnt too busy bitching to catch that
Where have the tackling fundamentals gone?
Originally Thursday night special of Sunday Night football playing now on Wednesday afternoon.
Please learn to tackle
Bag angle by Elliott
Seems like its gonna be nothing but quick passes and outside runs
how many times we gonna hear about our thin roster
FUCKING INJURIES
I don't have enough alcohol
Turns out getting thrown into a super physical game with no practice doesn't go well
Hold these fucking Tik Tok bitches to a filed goal please
Hey remember when we were worried about injuries because of no practices but we were told that we had to power through it.
"This is one of the pussiest offensive schemes I've ever seen. It works, I'll give it to them, but god damn is it bitch made. Perfect for the Steelers."
Wolfe has major dad energy
Wolfe is a beast
Their players gotta learn how to catch 😂😂
Great stop. Lmao
DEFENSE \*clap clap\*
"Of God,  does the offense really gotta go back out there."
"TeN aNd oHhHh 

Shittiest 10 and 0 team ever"
WAIIIIT TRACE IS ACTIVE!!!!!
TRACE MCSORELY THROW IT ON A DIME LIKE I AINT EVEN TRYING
Put Trace in you cowards!!!
THIS IS NOT WHAT I WAS JUST PROMISED
Was that a fucking slant
I will never complain about an “okay” Lamar performance again.
Fuck out of here RG3. This dude is so washed up
Why not throw McSoreley out there?
Why do we go empty backfield on every 3rd and short?
"If we lose, do we already have COVID-19 on lock for blame of the game?"
NO MORE BOB GRIFFIN LETS SEE RG3
RG3 may be trash. This o-line and playcalling is WORSE.
That Boyle replacement #84 has no business on the field 😂 guy waits for the snap then just wanders around lost
They might as well run that same screen every play for the rest of the game. We straight up cant defend screens.
"Honestly let em have these small yardage plays

DONT GET BEAT DEEP"
"Can't even hate on the D. We have 0 offense to compete, they're gonna get shit on when it's entirely our Offense's fault not including COVID issues"
Love that hit
Every offense has a set of plays that give them a guaranteed 3-5 yards. Why don't we have that?
Come on you have to get off the field on 3rd and 10
Weak Marcus. Weak.
Peters is atrocious.
Why is Humphrey not on Claypool? Peters isn’t physical enough put him on JuJu
"Tramon is more physical than juice

TRAMON IS 37 YEARS OLD"
I think bend don’t break is the motto of the defense today
Man imagine if we had receivers getting open like that lmfao
I’m really curious if we played some trash team this week (or last week I guess) if we would win
why do they keep trying Humphrey? he's a top 3 corner imo
There’s the Ebron we all know
GET OFF THE FIELD
GET THAT OUTTA HERE
"FUCK YES DEFENSE

#GOD I LOVE THIS TEAM"
My dick is now getting chubby.
defense is doing just about as well as we can ask them to. offense needs to get somethng going here.
Let's see if the offense can sustain a drive and give the D some rest.
We need to be playing press man with Elliot or clark shadowing Claypool deep
Steelers falling into the trap game mentality?
Can we get a 1st down
Please put in McSorley!
Really questioning Harbaugh after these past weeks and then keeping RG3 in this game
did you know rg3 won the heisman
Shit good throw and everything :(
ROBERT YOU CRAZY BASTARD
Griffin can still move though
Imagine a 10-0 team not being able to stop RG3..... while hes running lmao!
Oh shit ok RG3
LETS GO RG LOOK AT THOSE WHEELS
What a play call! Don’t say that often this year
# NOT BAD FOR A RUNNING BACK
Nothing will make me happier then if we somehow can pull out a win and can go into r/nfl and give a big fuck you
It's gonna be so fucking funny if we actually somehow manage to win this lmao
Aaaaand he’s injured
Well fuck.
Nooooooooo
NIGGA WHAT THE FUCK
THIS SEASON IS JUST FUCKING CURSED
Fuck! Hopefully just a cramp
FUUUUUUCK
Not like this
"Oh man, I want to see Trace, but not like that mannnn"
Hopping for the first on one hamstring... HEART ❤️
I've waited all year for this moment. Let's go. We Are!
Trace is getting hurt. At this point I’m expecting it.
I wanna get excited for Mcsorely but I feel so fucking bad for RG3 man
Everybody yelling no! After dogging the man the whole game so far
Just as he was heating up!!
All we can do is laugh at this point. If trace gets hurt Sam koch is our QB. Lmao
Robert pls. Go eat a banana during halftime
"It's almost like you need to practice before you play a game or injuries like this happen. 

I hate r/nfl."
Imagine if there was no pick 6.
God imagine the memes if Trace comes in and just fucks the Steelers up
Dive for that Hollywood?
Bob is back!!!
"OH MY FUCKING GOD, IT'S HAPPENING, STAY CALM, EVERYONE STAY FUCKING CALM... THROWIN ON A DIME, LIKE I AINT EVEN TRYING..."
Fuck Hollywood
Literally covered by a pass rusher
TJ Watt seeing targets he wants to choke
Dive for it Brown
Brown was just covered by a D end lol
You're telling me that Brown couldn't beat TJ Watt down the sideline? Da Fuq Brown.
Hollywood just keeps disappointing
Alright I'm officially done with Marquise Brown.
How did Hollywood not get enough separation on a DE/LB?
"I’m DONE with marquise... such a fucking chump, won’t even lay out for the pass"
I don’t know that that wasn’t a touchdown 👀👀
Steelers aren’t shit lmao how pathetic
PLEASE COVID JESUS WE NEED THIS TD
FUCK THIS SHIT
that's fucking LOSER football. inexcusable.
How do you not catch that.
Got fucked by the refs so hard just now.
Idc about a thing else fucking catch that ball
FUCKING FUCK
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
Fuckin a dude
Bad cluck management and ref ball again
"You all remember that ""Administrative Failure"" bullshit from our Houston game? Where the fuck was that for us here??"
Could’ve at least spiked it and tried a FG
"For the love of god! What in the actual fuck. How is that not a penalty, jesus fuckin h"
At the end of the game we are going to look back at that last minute and wish we could have at least gotten 3 points.
We did use the timeout to early though.
Fuck you Goodell
The pass play should’ve come first
[The refs let the Steelers sit on us for 18 fucking seconds](https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1334257390187913222)
Hey Roger your officials fucking suck
How tf am I pissed off because of this game. This is the last game I thought I would be pissed off about.
Can someone get this cuck off my screen?
We should be winning this game. Fuck the Steelers
It looks like Goodell is reading from a script.
"I can't wait for the ""were sorry"" from the nfl about that absolute farce tomorrow"
Refs and announcers riding their dicks
"This was an ouch on the clock management, but hold on to the fucking ball man..."
"Too much air on that ball. LW had enough cushion to merit a faster throw.

But damn that non-call for delay of game.."
honestly would love a fake onside call here
Bud Dupree is such a fucking bum
"These announcers can go die

Refs fucked up"
But we were being favored guys!!! Remember all the Squeeling bitches saying the NFL favors the Ravens? Lol
Wilson literally blocked Hill from getting into the end zone and then also dropped an easy TD pass. Fuck.
Are we sure Hill didn't score? Last 2 minutes it should have been reviewed
I came into this game not giving a fuck without any expectations but now that we could be up right now my anger and stress level is at the typical Ravens vs Steelers game now and I hate that
Just a reminder that their offense hasn’t done shit. Y’all r still in this. Hold strong. Lets give these bums 2 straight losses. DMV✊🏿
How was that pass interference
Claypool initiated contact WTF
"Yes, throw the flag after they ask for it lmao what a joke."
In all fairness Humph didn’t get his head around which is probably where the flag came from
Juju gettin burnt by a 37 year old 😂
Fuckkk if Queen gets that clean he’s gone
"Don't forget our defense has played lights out this season, if we can just score points on offense. Its almost like the old days"
How will r/nfl react if we win today?
You know it’s bad when you can’t even get the booth to defend you stupid ass calls
If lamar was playing we would be up by a lot
"Ahhh, some help from the refs"
RG3 >>> Ben Rapeherburger
"Bad call, but I'll take it. Refs have been horseshit all game"
"Damn, NBC ripping the Refs this game.  Lol

Good for them"
Props to RG3. He’s laying at all on the line tonight. All you can ask for
RGIII’s fake handoffs have looked better than Lamar’s tonight!
Makeup for the 36 yard BS pass interference
wasnt roughing but it's make up for the shit they know they fucked us on
I have never seen a receiver try to avoid contact as much as brown. Screens will not work with him
Absolute shit play call
Not a fan of that play call
Goddamn help out the defense and score something on offense will ya
"Whatever, refs will
Make us lose but this is not a 10-0 team, they will be exposed"
Why would you run on 3rd and 10 tf
"I feel like Hollywood could be a money slot receiver.  He just needs to work on his separation, ability to get hit, hands, route running, and body control. 

Trash #1 though"
TJ Watt was lined up in the neutral zone.
I just hope Jimmy Smith's groin problem isn't a long-term injury and he's back by the game in Cleveland.
This covid shit is good for one thing: we can see our starters discussing the game live on twitter
"I have a question for god

WHY?"
Tramon has been a good fucking pick up
It is such a fucking travesty we couldn’t play this fake good team with our actual roster
"Its always steelers receivers that end up being prima donnas lol, what about their program just breeds bitch made players?"
Oh wow TJ real good job getting in there against our shit oline
[deleted]
at least g-ro isn’t abandoning the run
I hope Mahomes drops 50 on them if they meet 🤗
Defense playing their hearts out and they don’t even get a minute to catch their breath. I’m sick and tired of this shit man like the opportunities you do get you squander them and all the other times you got your head in your fucking ass running it for a loss every other fucking play. If I have to see another first down run for loss we need to petition for OC to get canned immediately otherwise I’m not spending another cent on this franchise. Thanks for listening to my Ted talk
You would think that since Roman almost exclusively runs on 1st down he'd use that to bait the defense with some play action
That's a fumble
fruit punch is back
I mean if you wanna challenge for five yards then okay
"Knowing us, refs are gonna say call stands, 3rd and 10, and the Steelers will still get the first"
Tomlin trying to pad Humphrey's stats by giving him the FF...
Marlo would be a hell of a boxer with that hand accuracy lol
STOP THE INJURIES!!!
The injuries keep on coming.
Claypool showing his ass again with pointing and laughing. Dickhead
Beautifully played!
I hope this COVID situation gets the NFLPA to really drive harder for player protections. How can you go into a game after no practice for over a week and not expect injuries?
YESSSS HARRIS
Idk who that dude was but I like him
"Ignoring everything else about this season, our defense has been *intense* this year."
"We need to get a strip on Ebron. Dude has brick hands, they need to rally to that mf every single time he touches the ball"
Me and my buddy Jim Beam are handling this game well.
"Low key, as long all of our players get healthy, this COVID thing was the best thing to happen to our team. We have passion playing again."
"4th quarter and missing tackles, here we go"
Do they not call holding ever on the steelers?
Can't win a game with 25 passing yards that's fo shooooo
Will RG3 hit 30 passing yards on this drive?
Anyone else half drunk yet? It’s getting harder to see the screen thankfully
That’s probably game
"I seriously don't care if we win or not, I JUST WANT THEM STOP DOING THOSE STUPID ASS DANCES"
That’s likely the ball game. Offense can’t keep up.
"I still like tramon williams. If jimmy is out for a while, i wouldn’t mind seeing him get some playing time"
We have to throw now so should be interesting
did better than I expected with this roster
Does anyone think that was a facemask on juju on the stiff arm?
I’m proud of my boys they played better than any of us expected.
Fuck Mike tomlin
We’re gonna lose next week to if Lamar’s not playing. RG3 is badddddd man
Down 12?? RUN IT
we averaged over 30 points a game last year.. let that sink in
Valiant effort but wheels are falling off now
Harbaugh I’m begging you just throw Trace out for a series.
TIME TO ADJUST GREG THE RUN ISN'T THERE ANYMORE. I KNOW YOU CAN'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO PLAY BOTH AT ONCE BUT FIGURE IT OUT
Offense on the field for like 2 fucking minutes holy crap this is embarrassing give the fucking defense a break you incompetent assholes.
Is it me or did RG3 pull up lame after that snap..? He looks like he's struggling.
Put Trace in for the love of god. RG3 is clearly playing hurt and he hasn't been good anyway
Those cocksuckers in /r/nfl are probably enjoying this shit fest because they hate us so much.
Lmao punting
I’d love to hear the logic for why you can’t correct something as simple as an illegal formation
Should faked with with Koch there
They must hate trace. RG3 is obviously hurt and staying in
"Man if I was DEZ i would be mad AF, give him a chance wtf"
The time to throw on that series was 1st down.
That was dumb. We had to go for it there. Now Steelers can just run out the clock against our tired defense.
Fuck this game...I'm going to turn on Madden and beat the shit out of the Steelers
Shut up shrill pittsburgh trash
We’re so bad and losing is not fun
They look like they dont care. Like they wanna go home.
How are you motherfuckers going to get all pissy about our practice squad getting beat by the steelers? This should've been a blowout but instead its 7-19.
Steelers have only thrown it deep like one time & nobody can fucking get a stop anymore lol.
Ebron is fucking trash 😂
ebron w/ a vintage drop
"Let's get ready to *""throw it on a dime""*; because it's Trace McSorley time!"
Oh shit its meme time!
Tbh even if we lose we get to see trace play soo
THROW IT ON A DIME
Can anyone who complained that we couldn’t beat the Texans or Washington good enough just appreciate that at least we aren’t like this normally as many other teams are?
If Mcsorley wins I will never say anything about the people say start trace ever again
Not even mad we lose this game. Im quite happy. Squeelers fail to blow out a practice squad and how easy theyve had it all season.
Watch trace just audible every play because fuck the calls let me dream
"Now is the time when all the meme wizards find out what a 3rd string rookie QB can do.

hint: it's not what they're expecting"
Put RG3 back in
We’re not winning lmao guys chill
Why tf is GRo calling the same plays with Trace that he would with Jackson? No fucking adaptation at all. JFC
Trace jawin' 😂
steelers players talking a lot of trash for beating backups
Minkah is a chode
Luke has been a bit disappointing in his early career here.
"summary for the meme lords:

5 passes, one completion"
Imagine Lamar in a run n shoot offense. Our scheme just isn’t good at all this year.
Can't believe we have Sam Koch just sitting there with that cannon and haven't turned to him yet.
Brown is sus guys
Ok can all the Facebook racists shut up about starting mcsorley. He is not the way
"Wow, Marquise Brown made a good move on that to make it into a TD! I'm shocked haha."
"**""The Soulja""** ***finally*** **scores again!**"
OKAY SOULJA LET'S GO
Prepare for the memes
"Collinsworth just called him one of the most elusive receivers in the league?  I have seen no evidence of that whatsoever until that very play haha, what is he talking about?"
And this makes the whole fucking disaster at the end of the first half game-breaking.
SOULJA BOI!!
GET A FUCKING STOP
The luke Wilson drop.....oof
McSorley threw a Td. He’s 2nd stringer in my book. Now people can understand why the fans were pissed they didn’t put him in sooner. RG3 threw for 25 yrds
If that unleashes Hollywood to do something on a consistent basis this game will be worth it
Collingsworth is slobbering all over the Steelers dick...fuck I can't stand him
Absolute dime by McSorley. Someone should write a song.
we wont win but man i want it so bad
McSoreley > Ben Trashburger
We would have been in it longer if we didn't force rgIII. Same shit happens with ingram
BEAT THE SQUEELERS
So happy for Hollywood
Hey defense we’re back in it so this is where you do the opposite of what you’ve been doing all game
Pissed that he caught that lob but steelers receivers have dropped A LOT of easy ones this game
"AHHHHHHH

WHY DID THEY GIVE ME HOPE AGAIN"
“They’re going to get Lamar back” *Flash to sad RG3*
"Give us the 4th down 

please just make this a game"
How is that a first down???
How was that a first
was the camera off the line? that looked short.
"He is short, wtf"
Whew at least we have a cupcake schedule coming up
No bullshit. It was a good game. Practice squad held their own agains these bitches
That one lady
"No real practise for 10 days, 7 starters on offense gone. 

I can't get over how big the end of the first half plays into this now. But defense needs the stop regardless."
Wait I thought they called it short
"If you would have told me we woulda only lost by 5 cause of a chuck Clark hand and a Luke Wilson drop from winning, I wouldn’t have believed you"
Refs were against us all game part 2 :( congrats to Shitsburgh for cheating their way to 11-0. Mickey Mouse schedule. We’ll beat their ass next year
Well... at least we have a candy-ass schedule the rest of the way and get Lamar back
Oh fuck off lol
Collinsworth can go suck it. That is all.
Refs mustve been really pissed they had to work on a Wednesday
Trace McSorley😈 Throw it on a dime✅ Like I ain’t even tryin🥱 Just a kid from Bryerwood🤠 to wearin number 9🥶 Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy😼 Flipped to Happy Valley⚡️ Now I’m coming back and got the natty on my mind🤩 They can’t touch my deep ball💪🏼 Every game I’m scorin🏈
This one is on Harbs. He blew the time management.
RG3 need to be cut. He could not get his team downfield for a field goal! What kind of shit is that?
Breaking news 🚨 Steelers are overrated 🚨
Stop the Count!
Ravens won by a lot!
PADDING THOSE STATS HUH
Clay pool is a BITCH
These smug bastards love to play the officials I swear to god
"FUCK

THE

STEELERS"
FUCK THE STEELERS AND FUCK THESE REFS
Get Roger Goodell off my fucking screen.
Game is ending 14-12 Ravens. I'm calling it now.
We were 10 yards off of them again on 3rd like wink has his weaknesses guys don’t be blind to it
"Fun fact, squirtle from pokemon is half squirrel and half turtle"
Juju getting away with a nice face mask
"Typical JuJu. Plays bad all game, beats a FA corner on a 1 yard route and dances for 20 seconds."
harbaugh been playing to lose all year. did we lose a voice in his ear over the offseason? dudes been making every wrong decision while last year he made every right decision.
This shows how bad Baltimore needs Lamar Jackson
Steelers are garbage lmao
"Everyone please for the love of God, don't let that catch and run let you lose sight of how dog shit and lazy Hollywood has been all season and likely still will be. He is going to talk a lot of shit like he's the best, but don't fall for it. He has to show us a fuck ton more than just that to make up for this terrible season."
Collinsworth back on the steelers sack again
If I ever meet Collinsworth in real life I’m gonna call him fucking bitch and that I’m surprised his tiny mouth can fit all that Steeler cock in it
"Without a few killer mistakes, JV Ravens almost pulled the upset I’ll take it"
That hillbilly lady in the crowd is annoying as fuck.
Ben acting like they don’t make excuses. That’s his mo his entire career.
Juju happy he finally got something against the practice squad. Stfu tik tok bitch.
"Well im glad we can see McSorely in a game.

He's not good lmao."
"Imagine being proud of a team that beat a team that was missing half it's players and they had to have the refs interfere on ball placement ruining a come back.

Steelers fans are such trash."
Are people really complaining about the refs when our dude literally tackled someone as a blocker lol
Take the touchback
Remember when some people were toying with the idea of putting in RGIII for Lamar this year
How is this team 10-0
"Please sir, may I have another stop the count joke?"
"There’s still 45 minutes left

Don’t act we’re the winners just yet"
Good thing Ben can’t throw a 5 yard pass. We’ll take it
Fuck you Steelers! Tik Tok field goal scoring ass bitches!
Boswell's kicks look like fuzzy white dog shit
"\[Chorus\]  
Throw it on a [dime](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963569)  
Like I ain't even trying  
Just a kid from [Briar Woods](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963549)  
I'm wearing number nine  
Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy  
Flip to [Happy Valley](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963581)  
Now I'm coming back and got the [Natty](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963603) on my mind  
They can't touch my deep ball  
Every game I'm scoring  
I'm your favorite Quarterback  
They call me Trace McSorley  
Rep that [Blue and White](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963675)  
You know I do it for the glory  
[Baker won the Hеisman, next up Trace McSorley](https://genius.com/Matty-fresh-trace-mcsorley-lyrics#note-20963930)"
Steelers still need the fucking refs to beat a team of practice squad players.
Hey hey remember how the NFL was favoring the Ravens? Lmao cheating ass bitches
Wilson HAS to keep that caught
Walk away with 0 there is embarrassing.
Please. All I want is an RG3 win. I ain’t even a ravens fan😭😭
TALK YOUR SHIT JUJU HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA
If queen caught that we would be back like 10 yards lol
"wow...  bad call imo

w/e. steelers had ref help all game up to this point. our turn."
Everyone asking for Trace to play doesn't understand that he is lacking one thing - the exaggerated swagger of a black teen
"death, taxes, and the Steelers getting preferential treatment from the refs"
"Are they really going to fucking challenge that?

Fuck offff"
"Thats all she wrote boys, defense is gassed"
The Steelers defense talks a lot of shit for being awful at football.
Roman get your head out of your ass. You have to throw the ball now you idiot
If we just added Lamar to this covid team today. we woulda won.
We’re so bad without Lamar man... how do people not see that. I hope this game brings some light into some idiots who think Lamar is bad. Lamar is legit this team aside from an Ok defense this team is terrible
Someone get that loud bitch out of there. Wtf. Lol
"Loss still stings, but that was much better than I thought it would be."
"I am so sick of the Ravens losing incredibly close games this year, especially when the refs make multiple shitty calls that hurt us badly in those games, and we just seem to have some snake-bit bad luck.  This whole year has just been so incredibly frustrating as a Ravens fan, starting with January fucking 1st."
"i don't normally drink this early, but i don't think anyone here will judge me"
Run the clock. Go home healthy. Fuck the outcome tbh.
Chiefs fan checking in here. I've got a good feeling for the Ravens on this one. Get it done boys. We're rooting for you.
I'll let you know in about 3 hours if I liked Wednesday afternoon football.
"Yes, let’s hope dez makes a catch today"
I don't expect a win. I just hope we don't lose by too much. Two TDs at the most. But we'll see. It's game time.
Nice return Duv
"My prediction for this game: a sloppy, one-sided blowout that we will all wonder why we waited an extra week for.

And Steelers fans will never shut up about how the NFL and the Ravens screwed them out of their only shot at a 16-0 season."
"Best KR in the NFL*

""Hey let's kick it short"""
Astros cheated
Man I hate the fucking steelers
Luke Wilson looks like an 80s hair metal band guitarist.
They celebrated that too much lol
haha fuck u claypoop
I think this game is going to make people appreciate how much we need Lamar
THOUGHT SHIT WAS SWEET
I BELEE
LETS GOOO!!!! Big Ben felt that!
#KING KOOPA
"Yep, gonna be one of those games."
Jesus. That was awful
Wow even the backup offense sucks dick
Omg that is hilarious. Fuck me this is going to be an ugly game
Well....wasnt expecting much anyway lol
And it begins
watching this game on my phone as i work my shift at subway
Mods will be busy in this gdt the Steelers and Browns trolls are out en masse already. How insecure can you be
Lol still with the refball
Would’ve been better if he kept it in the endzone but good shit regardless
Just take a knee in the endzone lol
"Well, the defense is still good."
Steelers gonna be the same cocky little twats today huh?
Why run that out?
Take a knee wtf
That was the worst pass I’ve ever seen
Defense **take my energy**
"Win or lose, idc.  I'm just here for the shenanigans this game"
Tyus is our best defender this year now that Calais is injured
Defense came to play. But now it’s back to the offense...
"If the D can keep this up, we’ve got a chance. Problem is if they get gassed by the 4th."
NICE SHIT TYUS
Not kneeing there is huge. Good stand but oof
Can we let RG3 throw more than screen passes this drive?
If our offense doesn't actively sabotage the game this could potentially be close.
Aye when he picks a ball off the instinct is probably to try and score a td out of that like ed reed so I don’t blame him
Bowser about to wally pipp judon
u/whiteboobs where’s my jersey?
Gtfo with that stupid shit after 1 damn tackle
Bench RG3
That looks more like what I expected from this game.
"Damn, I didn't realize RGIII was *this* bad."
I was expecting nothing and somehow am still dissapointed lol
Well our offense is a absolute dumper fire. We want Mcsorley!!!
Amazing how slow RG3 looks. Long strides don't help that appearance
Trace
Lets be realistic RG3 and the O aint doing shit lol our hope is with the D and theyre doing their part.
Yeaaaaa it’s Huntley time
Jesus RG3.......
RG3 is awful
Boykin has no respect.
The DB read that all the way 😳read his eyes
What a dumpster fire of a game on both sides so far lmao.
I know we have no shot but cmon man. 2 turnovers inside own 25 already
"I got Boswell as my only steeler on fan duel and he fucks up the xp

Thanks"
Just put Trace in RG3’s career is coming to an end and Trace is young and can still get better with experience
RGIII can not throw anymore it's so bad
I think we'd have more of a chance if we just didn't field an offense today. lol. Just punt every time.
Soooooo trace mcsorely
"Pros- defense, ST

Cons- Steelers defense"
yeah so this going about the way I expected
RG3 definitely doesn't look fast enough to be running read options tbh
We need Ryan Mallet in here
I’d rather see Trace right now
can we stop putting the offensive woes on lamar now??
"My expectations were low, but RG3 is managing to underperform them"
RG3 playing 7d underwater chess by looking awful to help Lamar look better to the media and fans.
This is just reiterating to me that Lamar IS THE SYSTEM
lmao how did he not see hayden coming
By Gaaawd that Sam Kochs Music
Bold prediction: Offense never crosses the 50 yard line with RG3.
oh now they call holding
"I'm so sick of the refs and these holding calls/no-calls.  Seems like they call literally every ticky tack hold against us, and NEVER call holds against our opponents."
Fuck the refs. Fuck pittsburgh
Dude how do we never get penalties for us. Fuck you NFL
"Jesus, this is just bullying."
"This crowd noise is so fucked up, I can even hear the commentators"
Life without Lamar sucks
RG3 looks like a civilian in there.
Koch qb time
DUMBASS SHOULDVE FAIR CAUGHT IT
Told yall we gonna have to rely on D and ST.
Memeiest game of all times
Who said we wouldn't get past the 50 :p
What in the nAme of god is happening
We need to win this on special teams and defense keep it out of RG3s hands
Fucking literally our D and Special are showing just get Tucker in range every drive please😭
PAD THAT BIG FAT BITCH
Sam Koch punting his trickiest balls may be our best offensive play
That punt was the largest yardage gain we're likely to make today.
"In the word of the great Barney Stinson, Trace McSorley, SUIT UP!"
We should honestly just kick a field goal now just to put up some points
"Wow, how is that team undefeated??"
We need a TD right here. Can't blow this
Gameplan: Run
This offense is dogshit
they don't trust Griffin at all GET HIM OUT
I’m already tired of hearing Cris Collinsworth
Ok RG3 I forgive you
"RG III got wheels

&#x200B;

Like fine wine, he gets better with age"
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS AMAZING SHIT!!!
we need RG3 before NGATA destroyed him that one game. I think the redskins still won that game though.
I feel like gus got benched
Rg3 celebrating 1st downs after being a turnover machine every time he touches the ball is so rg3
GUS THE BUS
LETS FUCKIN GO
EAsY wIN
🚌🚌🚌
Did we clone Luke Willson 3 times
"Offense showing some life with the run-game on this drive, that's good to see!  With so many backups on the line, backup QB, backup running backs, it's amazing that we were able to put together that kind of red zone drive with these backups!"
🚍🚍🚍
Tristan Colon-Castillo got in their ass at center
"Steelers, thought you were padding stats? Why are you losing then?"
STOP THE COUNT
"Beep, beep. The bus is here picking up 6."
GUSBUS
Both teams have 2 turnovers
I think our best bet is if RGIII just plays it safe with his passing and runs whenever he can.
TUCKER >>>>>>>>>>> BOSWELL
COIVD TEST EVERYONE RN
At least the game is competitive
This is the stupidest game of football I’ve ever watched
"Colon-Castillo with the clean snap AND a great block?! Holy hell, he's the center for the rest of the year ha"
RETS. GUCKING. 3OOOOOO
Colon-Castillo’s best play as a pro. There’s a reason we’ve been holding him.
Can someone get Covid right now so we can call the game where it stands?
Why am I having more fun with this game than any other game this year lol (except the Browns game)
GOT EM RATTLED
We’re.. winning????
Missed extra point and capitalizing on the muffed punt could be huge. Gotta have luck against another good team
Even if we lose this has been fun lol
"Let Gus eat then throw Hill at them, repeat"
Why do the Steelers have so much UMD football players?
Watching Anthony McFarland play for the Steelers feels like getting stabbed in the back
"I’m so impressed with the non-starters, LFGGGG"
Ferguson good at edge setting now
We have the lead which is honestly remarkable
Tackling issues continue
some explain why we can't just play man with no practice
"once again, our secondary is slapping WRs with palm fronds and then standing around shocked that it doesn't work."
"i LOVE rg3, really hope this works out"
Teams going to wear out if they run the no huddle. We don’t have subs. Add in more injuries.
"Almost like playing with no practice is really fucking stupid, been saying it all week"
"Deshon Elliott got up; but Derek Wolfe is still down. Oh, no.

**UPDATE**: Phew, both walked back to the sideline and still have their helmets on."
Just want to point out no one on the Ravens (maybe Dez now?) makes that catch Ebron did with any consistency
"Ben wishing Wolfe well while he was down, with a double tap the helmet.

They dont like playing this game any more than we do. It should have been rescheduled."
Ebron push off?
They’re picking on deshon in the pass game
That Ted Danson show looked like a parody but then there was no punchline ://
Jesus can the injuries stop please? Haven’t we had enough already?
Why does anyone take the Madden cover
I fucking hate the steelers so much
Ngata isn’t too old can he suit up real quick for one game
"Listen yall, we have Tucker playing. Anything can happen..... *cryies in flacco tears*"
I hate Large Benjamin
"Don't tell my boss, I already opened a beer."
We also don’t have enough depth if someone gets injured. Might see Dez at safety by the 3rd quarter lol
"At work, can't watch... so this is my first time seeing the game through this feed of comments. What a Rollercoaster"
It feels like 2015 again with everyone out
Why are corners not playing press coverage
Why is Jimmy Smith always injured. He’s like Broken Glass man from spongebob
Wow I'm shock jimmy actually was healthy enough to play a snap
Ravens can stop getting injured right about now
Wolfe has really stepped up past few weeks
Clay pool aka Marlons son along with JuJu
Clay pool really wanted a flag for that? 😂
LFG MARLO
Fucking lol
appreciate that one 😂
"No practice, but our red zone defense is on point"
Washington fan here who still has a soft spot for RG3. Hope you guys can get the win today!
"THAT'S ANOTHER STOPPED TD

#KEEP IT UP DEFENSE"
Trace MCSORLEY!?
Oh shit trace time????
I wanted trace to come in just to shut up every single start trace person
aw man we got blue balled
Loving the Steelers looking like shit after all the yapping their players were doing this week.
Hollywood is tiny as fuck
RG3 wtf was that lol
Should’ve actually been Mcsorley out there
"Throw it to who?

Unless we signed the Invisible Man no ones open."
Why doesn't hollywood ever dive for an extra 2 yards. Take the hit man.
Goddamn it Third Bob
Route concept also bad
"""Drop it!"" lmao"
He’s so fucking bad lol
We should try to slant  rout like they do
Sit RGIII. Don’t let the world see he sucks so we can try trade his useless ass
"Nothing but slants for Brown, that’s all he gets till he gets it together"
PLAY TRACE
Oh I think MP was right. Probably wasn’t a completion.
Eat more dirt ben
"Biggest throw they make all game, and it's incredibly soft coverage. Don't get Ben excited!"
Tramon has been all over since he’s been in digging that atleast
This Pittsburgh offense is doo doo in the Redzone
Imagine throwing at Humphrey lol
"""GET THAT OUTTA HERE"""
Trace 4 minute TD drive coming up
You guys are forgetting who Peters is. He's a coin flip in coverage. Either he gives up a big play or he picks it. There is no in between.
Pad those stats Ebron
Our red zone defense is absolutely elite right now somehow
We need a FG drive at minimum. Don’t give the ball back.
Redzone defense is great just need some offence
Was Tuitt referring to Boswell doing the stat padding? LOL what a fucking clown
This is honestly going much much better than I expected
McSorley plz
We need to put Richard in the game. Bobby is done for
Stfu collinswoeth
Sometimes I wish I wasn’t a Ravens fan so I can laugh at the shitshow that every Ravens vs Steelers game is
Someone take a flight to Pittsburgh to bench RG3
"Let's get Dez involved.

Edit: well... that not what I meant."
Dez tripped on his walker..
#HOLY SHIT
"I don't know why but I fucking hate TJ Twatt

That is all."
Lamar who??
Bud dupree looks like he smokes mids
Wooohoo RG3!
Suck the fattest cock all the RG3 haters. Dude is filled with rust yet he just ran in up the middle like a rb
When RG3 got that tongue out you know it’s on lmao
RB1 RG3
"The fake crowd noise is like, a little off. I keep thinking there are false starts or game stoppages."
Please god no turnovers here. Even a field goal I’d be happy with going into half
RG3 TAKE US HOME
Damn you’d think the Steelers hadn’t practiced all week
RG getting cramps?
Oh no...
"OH NO

he's limping"
You must be joking
You asked for Trace.....not sure thats how you wanted him to get in
"fuckin Collinsworth ""this line is playing well."" They literally had one good play and have been dogshit the rest of the game."
Hammy
WHY CAN’T WE HAVE NICE THINGS
Holy fuck trace is gonna be in the game
"Holy shit what the fuck happened, Griffin just suddenly comes up gimping completely out of nowhere?  Turf monster?  Jesus."
Noooooooooo
Oh fuck
What the hell man.  This season is nuts
Man this really sucks to see. I just wanna see the return of RG3 and see him ball out but he guy is a fucking Warrior finishing that run while limping.
"Nooo he was just getting going. Good find to Dez if he didn't fall, huge run. Hope he can stay in"
"Shit I didn’t want him injured 


Here comes Richard I guess"
Ran so hard he blew his hammy!! what a game boys
RG3 is confident running fast for 5+ yards but fear sets in after that. You could tell he can't break off like he used to.
They're gonna make a movie out of this game
Damn bob blew a tire.
This is some monkey's paw shit
Just got a call from Ravens. Heard I could throw a nerf football pretty well and wondered how quick I could get to Pittsburgh
RG3s best drive and he pulls something.   FUCK
THROW IT ON A DIIIME
PLEASE BE OK
He's back in...that can't be good
Lol “it’s almost caught” is a pretty solid summary of this season.
get. to. the. fucking. line. idiots!
WHY DO WE HAVE SUCH TERRIBLE WR COACHES?
DK would have made that catch
Hollywood jogging on that route get the fuck off the field
Broadcast crew didn’t even bother dressing up lmao
Hollywood can’t roast TJ watt come on he’s like 260 lbs damn it
Bollywood is a bust!
"By the end of this game, I want Justin Tucker to randomly kick Chris Collinsworth in the nuts"
SUPREME COURT JUSTICE HILL!!
# JUSTICE HILL OH LORT
"This team is playing with so much heart. Honestly, fuck everybody that thinks Harbaugh should be on the hot seat."
That run there is the perfect example of why I don't get why we abandon the run. We can literally average as much as some teams passing games.
These play calls are so awful and they are working against the “best defense” lmao
That might be game lol
Kill me
Lol they fucked us again
Ah the refs being inept again
Are you kidding me?!??!?
That is some bull crap
That was some bullshit
Why no spike and kick the FG?
Fuck the refs too
How do we happen to find every player who cant catch a ball
FUCKING IDIOTS
THE LEAGUE HAS IT IN FOR THE STEELERS
Andy Reid school of clock management
that's some bullshit
And that’s why you shouldn’t waste two of your TO’s and just snap the damn ball
"Fuck off Goodell, the on field product is pathetic"
"Who knew it was this easy to get the Offense to not run a play, just lay on the ball after every play"
Get this bitch out off my face
Goodell justifying himself and being a cock goblin.
Goodell straight up knew he was gonna ask that and he’s reading off some shit
"Even with that dirty ass play at the end and our practice squad on the field, we're still doing better than the Browns did against them lmao"
Lol the Steelers getting away with fuckery and Wilson dropping the ball making that timeout a mistake is the definition of hindsight there Chrissypoo
"Steelers should get fined for lying on that pile and staying there. bunch of bitches

Also the refs as well"
"Uh, you guys do realize our defense would do the same thing in that situation, right?

Every coach realizes that which is why you hardly see run plays in similar situations."
"Wilson's leg prevented Hill from scoring on first down, and then dropped the ball on 3rd down. He really fucked us there."
Should do a longest yard play on the ref. Throw it at his fucking tiny ass dick
"Damn Cris Cuntsworth really showing his favoritism, I guess we should just hold and interfere if the refs won't call anything, what type of inbred logic is this, also fuck Goodell and his policies, this won't be the first outbreak and I hope he gets rightfully shit on when the playoffs go to shit"
We should be winning this fucking game. We can still win this fucking game.
"""It don't get better than this""

Well then call the game and go home"
"And it’ll end with ref ball, as per usual."
How tf flag come in from refs 50yrd away but the one right in front of them didnt throw shit? Fuck these refs
Literally penalized for everything and tre Steelers nothing. Someone needs to fucking swing on these refs I don’t even care.
Good fucking stop
"Humphrey has to turn around there. Maybe not an egregious play, but they're going to call that 9 times out of 10 if the DB doesn't at least pretend to play the ball."
Queen had that AGHHHHH
Good shit defense!
It ok Queen he probably would've gotten near where we are
Tramon playing like a beast
Let’s go mofos!!! They don’t want this smoke!!
My pants are off!
Okay but seriously how is their offence so shitty
The only steeler I respect is conner claypool is a whiny bitch juju is overrated Ben is a rapist tj is a dirty player
RG3 playing with heart
Damn 4k comments on this thread and collinsworth throws down the best burn about delay of game. Hang our collective heads.
Well well well how the turn tables
Bad call but we deserve the Karma
Shut up Collinsworth you moldy cunt
So we've firmly established the refs are trash.
"shut the fuck up, williams

cheating fuck"
Oh the Steelers had a call not go their way. GET FUCKED CHEATERS
R G 3 is a fucking Savage. No fucking quit in him
Refs be like: quick! We fucked up. Get a make up penalty quick!
They're going to spend more time complaining about this one iffy call against the Steelers than they even talked about the end of the first half.
Damn it’s tough to overcome holding calls with this O. Gotta stay clean
That's another weak-ass holding call on us.
Existence is pain.
Can I just give some kudos to Colon-Castillo - these snaps are solid
I want a play action shot to the endzone. I smell blood.
Soulja sighting #3?
I don't think deep snapper is a term...
WHAT ARE THESE PLAY CALLS
What was that play call
The refs sure do have a good defense
what was that shit
Oof if he let that go we would've downed it at the 1
"“He’s got that new deep snapper”
🤔"
Petition to start throwing (Never!!) at the end of some GDT comments when Hollywood sucks ass.
"Corners playing 20 yards off, lets run a draw instead of a quick slant or screen to get in FG range"
Pick Sox come on Peters do something
"WAF has been quite a thrill, so far"
"Why can’t we air out passes and draw PI like they do? Oh yea, cuz we got some tegridy"
ofc jimmy is hurt lmao
Ben just has all day.
So satisfying to actually be countering this bitch ball Ben is playing.
DEFENSE IS BALLING OUT
fuck claypool
Fuck off refs
How we doing boys?! This sucks not watching or listening
Marcus Peters can tackle? Who woulda thunk?!?!
Not a good call on block in back.  Didn't push with arms.
These refs are terrible
CAN WE GET SOME FIELD POSITION WITHOUT CONSTANT KICKOFF REF BALL?
We need a td here. A nice long drive would be killer
"I was playing a career on madden 20 as a WR and I kept getting so many block in the back calls, shit is just burned into my brain. I got like 5+ a game sometimes. Fucking corners just turn around mid block"
"Just push the guy in the back from where they punt and we get the ball there, no brainer"
How are people complaining about our players when we get a penalty. They've shown some bs ones and you think the ones they don't show are our guys fault? Ok
Lamar even got quarantined from that commercial lol
"I don’t want to see the Ravens getting another defensive back in the off-season. 

Invest in offense for once."
"Just got home from work. How we doing, boys?"
Succession such a good show
It’s not fair to the Defense for our offense to be so damn bad
How do you just not block TJ Watt?
if you could block tj watt that would be greeeeeaat
Why do we have NO URGENCY
At least he didn’t fumble there
I didn’t know this game was going to ravens vs the steeler ref team
"The only thing RG3 has done is QB run up the middle. They adjusted at half to shut it down. Now we have no good plays. We know RG3s ceiling, it's time to pull him and see what Trace has got."
That’s probably a catch and fumble
"Either way, the whining about this play will be insufferable"
Finally a PuPu sighting
Wish that would’ve stayed in bounds
Marlo giving JuJu flashbacks
Marlo been making crazy plays today
"that's def a catch and a fumble, unlucky it didn't stay in bounds"
LOL is that a hog call in the crowd noise? That’s on brand 💅🏻
They gave them too much room on that 3rd down
">Please reset the clock to ...

How strange to hear that"
Wow players that can’t condition for 10 days are getting injured
PQ almost had that swat
Well we didn’t get shut out
Murder me
Who could have known that sitting on your ass for 10 days and then playing an NFL calibur football game might be overly stressful on a body...
The defense is getting so tired
This is what happens when athletes can’t practice and keep game ready fit.
HELL YES WHAT A BLOCK
Just when I thought I had enough alcohol...
i'm just happy we didn't get blown out. we all knew what was gunna happen today
"I don’t know who that is, but great play"
WHAT A PLAY!
Great play!
I don't even know where Harris came from. lol.
Harris out here playing better than bonds
"RG3 has 25 passing yards, averaging 2.5 yards per pass, and a 25.0 passer rating 🤔"
TACKLE NOW PLEASE
I’m not mad at the Defense they’ve had no help at all
"I am having a very bad day 

I am no mood

This today,

Has been one of the worst days I have had in a long time"
Why didn’t we kick the fucking FG
FACEMASK ?????
"It was a good run 

Fuck that p6"
I don’t even care anymore. Get most of our guys back tomorrow Onto the Cowboys.
What the fuck is Roman gonna dial up now that we have absolutely nothing to lose? Probably some bullshit
"Whelp. Offense, now it's now or never. Let's go."
I’m more upset with the coaches than anything
My dudes idk what to say. Most NFL teams even with a back up can get 100 passing yards. We have 5 in the 4th quarter without Lamar at QB.
But how wasn’t that a facemask?
How nice of them to show the reason I picked my flair :)(:
"If we had any doubts about this team being soft, we can throw that out the window right now. They could have folded after the first couple of TOs and gotten blown out, but they didn't (even with all the starters out)."
“Lingering on the sidelines” is one way to put it
1 more drive and we see McSorely
RG3 looks hurt AF
God if this game was on Thanksgiving my in-laws would have had a word with my wife
Fuck the fuckin Steelers
Our defense is going to get us a pick 6.
"How hard is it the only throw it like 5-10 yards?

Why is it always screen or TD?"
How the fuck do they have an illegal formation call every game?
"rg3 limped on that dropback.

Not sure he's going to finish this game.

BTW, that penalty shouldn't be on the ravens. They were set for over a second.

NVM... illegal formation so right call."
This game was way more entertaining than expected honestly. Feels like mid 2000s ravens football but with a worse defense
Yeah RG3 looks rough
ROMAN: IM GOING TO TRY TO WIN A NFL GAME BY NOT CALLING A CREATIVE PASSING PLAY
My disappointment cannot be explained accurately
How do you not go for it??
So Trace in next drive? Please?
Pick six plz
Big brains Harbs knows the best chance we have at scoring is by having our D on the field. /s
Wtf do have to lose by playing McSorley
#WHY DID WE PUNT
Punting ended it for us. We needed to go for it. They drain the clock and probably get at least a fg out of our gassed defense.
Well.... a game was played I guess
You'd think the Steelers are up by 57 by the way the announcers are acting.
Ravens tackling continues to be atrocious.
I hate juju bitch boofer
I'm hungry. What should I eat?
TRACE
Trace baby
AB was right about boo boo
Come on Trace
Eric Ebron is trying to be the Raven’s defensive player of the week
THROW IT ON A FUCKING DIIIIIIIIIME
Throw it on a dime!
On a dime!!!!!!!
Waited too long to put mcsorley in should have been done at the beginning of the half or a few drives aftwr
"Alright, let's see what Trace can do."
Trace is in.
"Do you believe in miracles, you sexy thing?"
"I’ll be honest, I’d rather see Huntley. Let’s see what the kid’s got tho"
"I expected to lose this game and yet I'm disappointed it was within our grasp at times the players we had avaliable did their best amongst some bad calls and lack of practice defence carried and we need a new OC, let's just hope we can get healthy and try win out from now"
"Trace in, Roman is still gonna call shit plays"
McSZN!! Ravens have 7 points. Trace is #7. It’s fate. He’s putting 16 straight up leggoooooooo
"This has made my day, let’s go mcsorely"
Please throw the ball down the field
“Throw it on a dime like I ain’t even trying” Trace Time.......
Mcsorely comes in and wins the game. Unlimited meme potential
I hate being in a stream with a delay. What is happening. Is PENN STATE on the field?
Oh no he's a bust
Not a great start I will admit
Throw it on a wooden nickel
"4 verts, mass protect the rest of the game lmao. Madden this mofo."
Man I want to Trace McKill myself
Mcsorley threw a terrible pass and looks slower than an injured BOB
Oof. This is they guy people wanted to start over Lamar at one point.
"Yep, may as well go for it and it worked."
Yeah that completely should have been a flag. Imagine rodgers taking that hit
He gets rid of the ball quick. I like it.
Wilson is so bad LMAO
Why tf would we punt? Anyone?
The surrender index on this punt is about to be otherworldly. Pederson in OT levels
"The heart of our defense vs the heart of our offense is such a night and day difference. I will say the Justice/RG3 played hard, but wow."
are y'all drunk yet?
"The fucking holds are just egregious and consistent on the edge, I truly don’t get it"
We need the Bills to beat the Steelers
Defense and ST did all they could to win this game. It just wasn't enough with his much of our offense we're missing.
I’m so weak at the fact that people thought this season had anything to do with Lamar this game shows you what he’s working with
Steelers have had a lot of unforced drops today
Ravens receivers get zero separation and the play calling is dog. How do we score 20 points a game? It’s all #8
"Seems like an eternity ago that we were winning games by large margins, having a good ass time, and running the Heisman Package..."
Vanilla Vick😤he even wearin 7
SOUJA
MARQUISE CAUGHT YHE BALL
That made me happy
MINKAH GOT TOASTED BY HOLLYWOOD LMAOOOOO9
#WR #15 heard us
TD Trace to Brown.... what fucking timeline are we in lol
YOOOOOO FITZPATRICK GET FUCKED
Never doubted Hollywood for a second......
You can hear the pain in the refs’ voice when penalizing Steelers
TRACEEEEEEEE
Dude Soulja d out the defense!
THE SOULJA WAS LET LOOSE
Soulja sighting
They heard y'all talking shit
"Ah yes, Trace McSorely to Hollywood Brown for a 70-yard touchdown... just like we expected"
Nice job fitz keep talking shit
Hollywood stays as Fitzpatricks daddy
If refs did not fuck us at the end of the half we up now
Truzzzz
Trace is a beast!
Trace to Hollywood. 🔥🔥🔥🔥
That’s my Soulja
Now that's a Soulja move! Finally!
"Trace shoulda started the 2nd half, RG3 simply can’t move the ball when needed."
PaD tHe StAts!
“Is it a touch or a first down” Omg shut the fuck up Cris
SOUJA BOY TELL EM
He would fumble out of bounds lol
https://www.fanatics.com/nfl/baltimore-ravens/trace-mcsorley-baltimore-ravens-nike-game-jersey-purple/o-5705+t-58152422+p-147542291+z-7-3429376747?_ref=p-SRP:m-GRID:i-r0c0:po-0 thank me later
I JUST NUTTED NO
You lucky fucks
Hey look thry gave us that 18 seconds back......
Damn Heinz field is gross
"Soulja has made a play, so I will refer to him as Hollywood until next week"
"goddammit

can we stop doing this"
How come we don’t draft guys like that
Man it's like every game at the most important part our defense finds a way to shit the bed
"That may do it. Well, it wasn’t as hideous as it could have been, but that’s not saying much."
Wait why are we using all our timeouts?
WHY GIVE ME HOPE FOR NO REASON
At least we did something
The defense is probably gassed as fuck so I can’t really blame them
We dont have any dogs like that on our team.
# RALLY CAPS FOR PICK 6
Peters  - just redeem yourself with a pick 6 or ff6.  Easy
They gave us a good effort out there. I had fun.
Did no one see that false start on the 3rd down conversion?
#Throw it on a dime
"at least we made it a competitive game, that's all i could have asked for really"
the chains were further than the ball?
He’s short but not with the refs and the Steelers on the same field
Fuck the steelers
"honestly I count this as a symbolic win for the backups, they kept this super close and i'm v proud"
Good game. Goodness gracious though lol
"Bengals fan in peace. Holy fuck, they give Pitt EVERY FUCKING CALL, even against a good organization like you guys. Never ceases to amaze me."
I fucking hate the queerlers
Lol Fitzpatrick all that shit talking and you drop an INT. Fucking clown.
was that collinsworth congratulating the steelers overcoming adversity there?????
Remember the refs are against us
THAT WASNT A TAKEAWAY BY THEIR DEFENSE FUCK OFF
Huntley can not possibly do worse
"Tom Brady is still better than Big Ben, love to see it."
I hate everyone who asked for trace
Souljas gotta catch that
We got screwed
How are professional coaches this bad at clock management?
#FUCK CHRIS COLLINSWORTH
Stream I’m watching right now playing the Trace McSorely rap song 😂
"Steelers are the worst 10-0 team of all time, they can barely beat our practice squad"
"Someone explain to me why the steelers coverage guys are allowed to jack up wrs 8 yards down the field, an explanation on that would be great as well"
"Even against the practice squad, the Steelers still need the refs to call a crooked game.  

They're not very good."
"get the fuck off the field, you shit fucks"
Refs are killing us this season
TJ Watt is my least favorite player in the league. I fucking hate him and his fraud of a brother too. Both are total pieces of shit.
Unbelievable to me that we should actually be winning right now
Who’s ready for our weekly fourth quarter breakdown!!
How’s that not face mask on juju
well at least it wasn't a shut out
No call face mask on a crucial play. So classic refball game after game. Let’s just go to next year
"Lmao classic Roman 

Down by 12

Run Trace up the middle"
Minkah would be a better receiver than soulja
Why am I pissed damn. I had no expectations and they gave them to me
RIP Marcus Peters
Of course it goes their way
[deleted]
The Steelers are such an atrocious team. Fuck them and fuck the refs
Greg Roman managed to take a team devastated by a covid outbreak and still make the loss his fault. Unreal. I’m well past fire Roman and think Harbaugh should be in the hot seat.
based trace mcsorely with the black lives matter decal on the back of the helmet ✊
"Man, Peters got bent over a table..."
I was totally rooting for the Steelers before the game. You guys got really screwed
Steelers needed the refs to beat our practice squad
"Fuck JuJu

More like BooHoo Bitch-Loser"
Lol Steelers are complete frauds. Beat a practice squad by 5 points. I’ll enjoy watching them get blasted in the playoffs.
How are the Steelers so stacked with talent year after year after year it's not fair
Refs only hit us with that to fuck our field position
Lay a hit Hollywood. I don’t know if a ravens player has ever bugged me more then him
Rg3 should retire. He is fucking dog shit
Don't worry guys player safety is an NFL priority!
Just remember that Sam Koch is the most accurate passer in NFL history.
That’s a huge win!! Let’s go boys I’m here to delude myself into a win!
Marlon got so lucky.
Defense playing like wild men
"I see people asking for McSorely. The looks any of our QBs are going to see, coming from Roman, will be trash.

Maybe this exposes him rightfully so."
Idk how y’all can be blaming the defense THIS much the offense has been 1 and out they’ve had 0 rest lol
That time management wasn’t on harbaugh. RG3 wasted those timeouts on his own for no reason.
Seriously don’t understand how that’s allowed. It’s obvious they are laying down to chew clock
Does anyone know a good pancake recipe?
If the ravens get the lead back they should all pile on one steeler player until the game is over if it works for them it should work for us. I mean that is the second time they have done that to us this year.
Cucked by the refs.
Sure fuck the refs but wtf is Harbaughs clock management
Look at it this way - they are 10-0 and they are struggling against a makeshift team.
Fuck these refs
This team legit sucks without the refs
"It's so frustrating, if Wilson makes that catch in the endzone it's a completely different game. Still though, belee"
If Lamar and the guys were playing they’d be blown out and dead
Fuck chris collinsworth
Steelers are god awful
Sam “Sam Koch” Koch
"Juju and fumbling in tense moments, name a better duo"
Blatant pick not called
“NObOdy ceLeBrateS LiKE thE PittSburGH ReCiEvErS”
"Fuck the Steelers.

Worst team to be 10-0 ever"
Get him out of there ffs he's hurt
The Ravens organization has to rank pretty low on Football IQ I swear man
"Steelers fans have to be concerned about how poor they've been against our practice squad.

Edit: should add proper Steelers fans, not the melts that come on to this sub trying to get bites or reply to NFL tweets."
"So, he’s like not a throwing QB trhen"
Trace looks just bad. RG3 showed experience at least. Trace just looks like a kid
Someone needs to ask Hollywood how he got blanketed by TJ Watt. Thought he was a Soulja?
"Of all the people it had to be, it had to be Brown... I mean I guess beggars can't be choosers but Jesus Christ he is not going to shut up after that one is he...?"
Can colinsworth shut the fuck up
Another hold and another no call
To be fair guys... we did  sweep the Steelers last year without Big Ben. I bet a lot of real steeler fans aren’t flexing big knowing this team ain’t the real ravens. I wasn’t as satisfied beating the Steelers last season without their main guy
Was the ball not behind the pole?
Wow fuck Collingsworth
DIRTY PLAY WHAT THE HECk
"**HOW TF WAS THAT NOT FACEMASKING BY JUJU???**

he clearly grabbed the helmet"
[deleted]
These refs are laughable
Let’s do this. I feel like I’ve waited a lifetime for this game
I have to work at 5 and I'm honestly not upset.
When we win... I will be unbearable
"*Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,*

*Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore—*

*While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,*

*As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.*

*“’Tis some visitor,” I muttered, “FUCK THE STEELERS”*"
This broadcast is nuts so far. The Steelers PA people are blasting the music too fucking loud lmao
My expectations are on the floor. I think that means we blow them out
"I know it’s stupid to be hopeful, but I really want them to win today."
The Steelers are hoe and on them we shall stunt
I’m from cove & a Washington fan. Go ravens!
lol they actually included Tomlin's fuckup in the commercial
FUCCCCKKKK THE STEELERS 💩🟡💩⚫️💩
Rip it’s not Sunday though
"Fuck work, let's do this"
The best part about mediocrity is you can’t be disappointed. This will probably be the first game since the Texans I won’t be super stressed watching!
I’m sensing strong 2015 Steelers Vs Ravens Vibes right now!
"As it currently stands, the Ravens will go from playing on Wednesday (@ Steelers) to Tuesday (vs. Cowboys) to Monday (@ Browns) to Sunday (vs. Jaguars). I just realized that today and it's kind of interesting if you ask me."
Better late than never. FUCK THE STEELERS
SOULJA SIGHTING
Oh boy that OL...
Who tf is Luke Wilson lol
"For what it's worth, Luke Willson was a fan favorite with Seahawks fans."
Looks like pre snap movement there
Awww poor Ben’s helmet is too cold
I mean... it could have been worse... lol we’re gonna need our D and special teams to come up big
God I hate that fucking walrus
Everybody knew that was a pass right away. Roman is so predictable
Omg what’s up with that annoying lady screaming
This is honestly the weirdest I’ve ever felt watching football
A line up of whining bitches.... the steelers O that is
Good recovery MP
"""I can be creative with the offense watch, heres some screens"" Greg Roman probably"
"COME ON PETERS, KEEP IT UP"
"Big Ben looks like a bum. Although, a well fed one"
Hell yeah!
"Derek Wolfe deserves a shout-out, man. He has been stellar with Campbell out"
YEA BOWSER
Good. Even if we lose this game fucking plaster Ben's ass
We didn’t concede on first posession hype
Doesn't look that bad so far.
Hey we made a stop lmao
Would you look at that. Flags already
I’m at work and missed the opening drive. How did RG3 look?
Can they please get Dez going?
We need to crank up Dez
Kill me now
WHAT THE FUCK
Put in trace
I dont think I can watch this game. Just holy shit its gonna be like watching a triple homicide at a old folks orgy.
LMFAO WHAT WAS THAT
The good thing about having no expectations is that we can’t be disappointed
There has never been a more predicable turnover than that in the history of football.
It was fun while it lasted.
Maybe we shouldn't be running option plays with our backup QB and RB after not being able to practice for a week and half.
No one is even fucking trying. What a bullshit ass game lol
Marlon has sucked dick tackling last few games
How about they call that hold on Bowser?!
Y’all aren’t fun. I’m leaving
steelers catch a break whats new
"I really want Ben to get hit, I want mason in."
A stop here would be cool.
WHY ARE YOU RUNNING THAT OUT BRO
BOWSER INT BABY!!!!
Bowser playing so fucking well this season GIVE HIM SOME OF JUDONS MONEY
Defense came to play
"Good Guy King Koopa, giving the offense a few extra yards to work with!"
Get the FUCK OFF THE FIELD
67 IQ smooth brain return to the 6
Lololol but take the touchback u aint ed reed
"The defense holds; no points for Pittsburgh! (Although, Tyus Bowser should have stayed in the end zone after the pick.)"
Bowser kneel next time bro
Cant wait to hear Ebron talking more shit. Fucking bum.
HUGE statement by the defense
Good shit... I’d like to see him have the wherewithal to stay in the end zone but all is good
Defense is playing awesome. Hopefully we can make something happen on this drive
YEEES BOWSER
"thank you defense! keep it up boys please, for my liver"
Seeing a lot of heart on Defense today!!!
You gotta kneel it there but I guess that’s cool anyway
"Nice stop, but my god go down and take the touchback ya dingus."
What the fuck was that decision by Captain Fat Fuck
"I won’t judge bowser for running it out, pass rushers don’t get a lot of picks in the end zone lol"
Nice pick but why run it out?
I know he sHoUldA downed it but he prob thinking “oh I gotta score this offense ain’t gonna get a first down” lmao
I just remembered a piss poor offense with an angry defense is our MO
big ben sucks
Wolfe’s legs are like 6 foot alone 😂
I legit don’t know who half these guys on offense are lol
Holy shit this defense is so good though can we talk about that?
I love RG3
"If we don’t run the wildcat at some point, I’m boycotting this team."
Hope the defense doesn’t get gassed from the awful offense
RG3 looks like he's going to slip after every step
Okay I feel horrible for our defense
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
FUCKKKKK
I left work early for this :(
Honestly can’t do anything but laugh on that
RG3 .... Jesus fucking christ
"RGIII not looking good today, unfortunately.  Did I think he was still a good QB, not really... but this is looking really bad so far."
Trace time?
So who’s our 8th string practice squad dude off the street QB...?
RG3 is awful.
Nice effort on that tackle to save the pick 6 Hollywood fuck yourself you scrawny whore
Both pick sixes this year have been when targeting proche lmao
Is McSorley on the Covid list?
We have to throw the ball deep. They aren’t going to respect shit until we connect on one
This is going to be one of those games where the defenses outscore the offenses isn't it?
Lmaooo this game is gonna suck
He is just so bad man
This team is so fucking doomed lmao
Pain. Nothing but pain
McSorley time
Missed XP JT gonna win it for us
LOL BEST KICKER IN THE LEAGUE
Sloppy offence. Defence is stellar tho
Time for Mcsorley lol
This offense reminds me of when Matt Schaub was our starting QB
"Well... at least the pick6 came on the 4th pass of the game instead of the first, amirite?"
Do we have Lamar vs Dallas? Sorry I have pretty much checked out on football since the Titans game
"Fuck me the ass 

Bob is that bad"
Lol fuck me man. Two straight TOs by Rob
Boswell LMAO
So it's gonna be a game of who's the worst quarterback today? I'm gonna need more alcohol.
Missed the kick small victories....
RG3 is fucking terrible
Lol boswell
Lol boswell fucking sucks
This feels like the most Ravens vs Steelers game ever
I think if anything this game will prove to EDC that we need a new backup for next season
Boswell is trash
"Damn boys, looks like this game is a way too big for RG3. 

He’s acting like he has no idea where he is."
Throw it on a line
"I feel for you guys ravens fans. As a niners fan, having a backup QB throw a boneheaded pick is all too familiar this season"
Is trace back yet?
Jeff freaking Driskel tore this D a new asshole and almost beat them and RGIII out here looking like Nate Peterman
That flag was was so late no one was even moving anymore. And yet no call on Ebron.
Will they even cross the 50 today?
Ref ball starts quick >:(
Not sure why they made time for a week 18 game and didn't use it for the perfect situation. Fuck the NFL. Straight up
the only team in the league that can hold strikes again
"You got to have a better backup QB than RG3, this dude is horrible"
This season don’t count guys 😂😂
Just when we don’t need the refs against them
Of course we get called for holding but when the steelers hold right in front of a ref they dont call it
he's so bad.
TAKE HIM OUT
Add Backup QB to our list of needs this off-season!
Who tf calls a running play on 3rd and 23
"Hey, we’re punting. Huge improvement"
How can refs be so consistently bad? It’s mind blowing.
"I hope rg3 gets a hang nail or something and can't play

The least serious injury possible"
"Ray Ray LOVES to fumble

Source: was on his wild ride for years as a Clemson fan"
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Just go ahead and let Tucker take the FG now don’t even try and do anything
"our defense is playing an entirely different game right now.

nobody tell them."
Put Trace in you cowards!!
What even is this game 😂
LETS GO WE CAN GET A FIELD GOAL NOW
Yes I love a Justice Hill run on 3rd and 23
FUCK that you Steelers cunts
What the fuck is this game lmao
This is sloppy AF and I love it
Pad those stats bitch
Ok so 3 straight runs and kick the FG?
I'm not gonna sit here and shit on RG3 but Sam Koch has a perfect career passer rating...
This is hilarious.
IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT YOU DONT LIKE RAVENS VS STEELERS FOOTBALL
Offense is only going backwards lol
Davontae Harris makes an impact on special teams in his first game as a Raven! Let's go!
LOL WHO TF IS 33 THAT DUDE WAS FAST AS FUCK
Flagflagflagflagflag
Just kick the fg now before penalties back out of fg range
"I just want to say I went to the store and bought whippets.

We intercepted

I grabbed the yellow balloon.

We punted and I realized my mistake.

I used the purple balloon. 

We recovered the fumble. 

I'll keep doing whippets and 3-meo for you, brothers."
Broken ankles alert
Holy shit boys!!!! We might actually score!!!!!
This is what the mid 2000s ravens offense looked like btw
RGSPEED
I’m going to be so obnoxious if we somehow win this shitshow
#THERE YOU GO BOY
Give me justice like I'm a wrongfully convicted inmate
Robert Griffin “Lamar Jackson” the third
Pad those stats boys
Hills putting in effort but why TF are we not going past the line. Gotta go for yards sometime
Keep it simple! We can move the ball
Problem may actually be Roman's offense more than I thought the way RG3 looks throwing the ball lol
Run the ball 3 times come on
Justice Hill looking pretty sharp on this drive.
RG3 looked like he did some anime kick to that guy's head on his way down to the ground after getting hit
Playing against the Steelers defense in fantasy. They need 26 points to beat me and they already have 21
WE UP
TD
TOUCHDOWN
TOUCHDOWN BALTIMORE
LETS FUCKING GO
i want an rg3 jersey
Pad the stats gus
We were competitive for 1 quarter let’s go no shutout
We scored!!!!!!!!! Holy fuck. This is some crazy shit. Go GUS
We need to crush them running all game
New starting center????????
lol we winning
Taking a shot for every Ravens TD & FG 1 deep!!
Man that Steelers defense is elite!
BUS\_FLAMING\_EXHAUST.GIF
Fuck them bumblebees
That PAT was scary. I normally don’t even watch
STOP THE COUNT
This looks like an NFC East game so far lol
ALRIGHT D KEEP FEASTING
This looks to be a fun defense and ST's game
If we somehow win this we can clown them until the end of time.
“Should be an easy one”
I can’t believe this 😂😂😂😂
The bus that couldn't slow down
#DezAtQB
Now just run the ball and protect our 1 score lead for the next 3 quarters
"who would win, Lamar or Usain?"
Call the game now and swtch to Rockefeller plaza.
Big Ben is looking scared
Dude we should be ready for those pussy ass 2 yard passes. He did them all game against us last time.
Grown man run by Edwards
I think we all saw that play call coming on third down
We need to draft a penn state or UPitt stud just to piss them off.
"Yeah with the lack of practice, these guys gonna start wearing down quick"
Goddamn Elliott and Wolfe fucked
I hope derek is ok. Deshon looks fine just a bit shaken up
The madden curse is real
Injuries were going to happen when you don’t practice for so long. Today will damage our season more than just a loss.
Ravens need to put big Ben through a table
I'm pretty sure Jimmy smith literally hurt himself on that play.
"How do they keep completing these tight sideline, well-covered passes to Ebron!  So frustrating."
Juju bitch boofer
This is what happens when you can't fucking practice
I ugh dont even know what to say at this point. Our strength and conditioning coach has fucked us all year with injuries and now covid
"Announcer at the beginning of the game said we had DB's, so of course they have to start dropping like flies..."
Lol
60 yd Gus run coming
RG3 pls do something
"Alright Gus, let's get going."
TRACE!!!!
Lol mcsorley time
THROW IT ON A DIME PLEASE
OMFG TRACE IS GONNA PLAY!
LETS GO TRACE!!!
Trace you tease
"Trace McSorley coming in the next drive after we actually scored a TD?  Oh ok, RGIII is coming back in.  If he has a bad drive this time though, then McSorley should come in, right?"
THROW IT ON A DIME
You fucking idiot Tirico
#PUT TRACE IN YOU COWARDS
We need to run and quick pass that’s it
SOULja
Dez was open
I know I'm late with this but holding PIT to a FG could also loom large
"Why don't we have receivers who can create plays after the catch?  Seems like every good team in the league has those guys, Kansas City in particular is loaded with those guys, but we haven't had someone do that regularly since probably Steve Smith Sr.   Marquise Brown there should have done something on that 2nd down catch, made a guy miss, instead he just runs straight ahead right into the defenders, it's pretty lame I gotta say."
Should’ve run why did we do one run without Gus gro is being a doofus again
Man RGIII is looking so goofy out there.
“Drop it” LMAO
Wows there alot of ads
Tyre got punked
"Fire GRO, put trace in"
I can’t stop thinking about the fact we’re probably going to lose the remaining decent players on the team to injury this game and throw our season because the NFL had to keep this game and we couldn’t practice the last 10 days
TRAMONNNNN
PUT IN THE GOAT TRACE MCSORELY
Huge hit
Buried Ben right there
Nice play guy in earls jersey
Sad
I forgot we even acquired Tramon
Peters. Ugh.
Peters 1v1 is awful
I thought peters was good (no shade)
This is probably the only game all year where I won’t go so hard on the fellers if we lose this one bad. All things considered I’ve been fairly impressed with our guys so far.
Could we just see trace
NICE PLAY CHUCK
Bend don't break defense
THROW IT ON A DIME
Open field catches and missed tackles. Name a better ravens duo.
HAHHAHAHA EBRON
RED ZONE D BABY
I love this team
Marlo is god
MurderHoles Eric Ebron
10-0.....sure doesn't look like it.
Let’s see him throw a dime
This red zone d is actually way better than I thought.
There’s still a chance folks
should be an easy one
Please trace
Don’t we have the worst defensive redzone TD% fhis year? Weird how it totally flipped so far today. They keep getting to the redzone but we keep stopping them there.
"Okay Gro, stop it. RG clearly cant run the damn option. Just use them as run plays."
i miss my boy lamar. there i said it
The same gdamn celebration each time they bust through a practice squad lol. Wtf is that
If this ain’t enough proof of how bad Roman is idk what to tell you.
Yessir
Okay I’ll take that RG3 lol
Vintage RG3
"Run. At. Them. 

Yes."
Whaaaaaaaathefuckwasthat fuck yesss
PUT SOME RESPECT ON BOBBYS NAME
#R G SPEED
"Damn THAT was a nice run, RGIII!"
That was beautiful
PAD THOSE STATS PAD THOSE STATS PAD THOSE STATS
"Damn, call him RG33"
HOLY SHIT LET'S GOO
ROBERT. GRIFFIN.
"36 for RG3 holy shit
Not feeling bad about this game"
Imagine if that was Lamar running that...would’ve been an easy 6!
griff daddy wants a start
IS THAT LAMAR
Rg3 heard our asses lol
Man I’m so thankful he didn’t fumble
RG3!! MY MAN!!!
No fuckin way lol LETS GO!!!
Lamar is here. He just put a ton of padding on and grew a few inches taller 🤣
rg3 checking /r/ravens
Idk how tf that playcall worked but yay
A pre-play penalty on the opposition? Incredible stuff
It would be hilarious if we got a TD here and somehow managed to take the lead again after all this
Now they’re gonna call RG3 a glorified running back😂😂😂😂😂
How did it take them 23 seconds to count to 12
A touchdown here would be a huge confidence boost!
Five yard penalty. That’s first
Oh fuck guys oh fuck. Oh no
Fucking injuries omg
Shit
"Wtf hes hurt now, gosh cant catch a break. Guy finally shows up"
NOO
Mcsorely time. Damn.
not like this please
"Wait, what happened to RG3?"
That is so shitty... we were rolling...
"With all these twists and turns and unexpected shit happening, this game is on its way to become game of the year."
Bob got elastic hammys
Maybe he tripped and was disappointed he didn’t get more yards
FUCK GOODELL
Name a better combo Ravens QBS and being tough as fuck
I feel bad for RG3
Soulja
#Honestly I am glad we have RG3 in as quarterback rn
Marquis is trash
Mark Clayton > Marquis
Hollywood is a pussy. Doesn’t play like a raven
I'm convince the only good thing about brown is his speed nothing else
"Hollywood, I mean marquise, can barely beat tj watt 😭😭"
SO MUCH FOR A SOULJA FUCK OFF MARQUISE COME ON MAN
Hollywoods gotta lay out for that goddammit
Watt got beat on a route and they're still sucking his dick. I'm tired of Collinsworth
JUSTICE
LET'S FUCKING GOOOO
Justice made up for it lets fucking go
Bro got wheels
No justice no peace
Hill of a run!
Give me justice or give me bus
BIG BOI
WE ARE CLEARLY SEEING JUSTICE SERVED
Proud of Rg3 for staying in HES HERE TO PLAY
LETS GOOOOOOO
Who is talking trash about my man Justice?
"Holy shit. I never did like Hill. But give it to him on that one.

Why is Gus not getting carries?"
Justice Hill killin the steelers once again
Justice fucking Hill! Clutch run.
Justice for All!
Hurry up you ballbags
Justice Hill wants a contract from someone. Respect.
"I was trying to tell people last year that Hill was good. Even though he's small, he has power. My only issue is he danced in the backfield too much but he's got the tools to be good"
WTF was that.
Fucking garbage man
THAT WAS LITERAL CHEATING WHAT THE FUCK
Lol cheap af
shit refs
FUCK THESE REFS THEY TOOK THEIR SWEET ASS TIME TO GET SET
"Guys that’s just blue collar, mt. Dew football guys. /s"
What a total fucking disaster from the refs and our own coaching staff.
"Bad officiating, bad coaching, bad playing. The holy trinity"
Nothing wrong with going for a TD that close in a game like this... but to choke away an extra chance. You can't run there until 4th down.
Utter bullshit.
I live the guts
jfc take the points
https://twitter.com/saquontroll/status/1334255142431055875?s=21
"Fuck you, Goodell"
Just came here to say fuck Roger.
Not good enough. Bring in  Trace the Ace
He can’t even look directly at the camera while spewing his bullshit. Let’s pray that the leagues negligence doesn’t result in any deaths
they'll trot Griffin out again but he's gotta ride pine man
[I REALLY WANT THIS TO HAPPEN](https://twitter.com/NFL_Memes/status/1334258278851899393)
It couldn't have been more clear that we were being held down. That is some bullshit.
Harbs is pissed. I hope we come back and fuck these clowns up.
"Honestly I don’t blame the Steelers for doing that, every team does it, but it’s on the refs for not calling it"
I didn't know it was possible to call the Steelers for holding
So now your throw the flag?
Horseshit.
"Shit that should have been fucking OFFENSIVE PI!  Humphrey only ""interfered"" (quote-unquote) after the receiver pushed him around to begin with."
"*That's* DPI?

He didn't bar his arms, didn't shove him down, didn't grab him, didn't do anything"
I hate this Torbert fuck. Remember in 2015 when the Cards runner was stopped by our D and they didn't blow the whistle so he got back up and ran for a TD? Fucking idiot
We need our biggest guy to just lay on their guy for as long as we can.   Can we get Siragusa back?
How was that pi
Imagine seeing this reffing and saying “the NFL is favoring the Ravens”
GREAT JOB D!!!
Come on Queen catch that lol
Offense go take the lead right now let’s go
Eat shit you raggedy bitches
Yo can this offence score just one more time
Tramon has been the best DB. That’s sad and a blessing
BITCHES
So the refs are trying to give the Steelers the game and the Steelers coaches are trying to give us the game.
Our d can keep this up short handed until mid way through the 4th. Gotta put up points before then.
Robert should’ve spiked it before HT but still fuck the refs for clock management
Their offense sucks
I am way more pissed right now being down 5 than if we were down 21
I have a final exam in forty minutes. Looks like I’ll be a bit distracted.
Jimmy out with a groin 🙄
It's because Pennsylvania is a swing state and they want it to vote to their interests lol
Feels like the Ravens have had 15 different 3rd and 4s in this game
Chuck it to DEZ plz
RG3 running out here yall
“Maybe the officials were afraid to delay this game one more time” lol
Ok Cris that was actually a good joke
Rgknee is killing it bro
Thats a bad call
That’s a horrible call lol
"I don't think that was roughing ya'll, these refs are sucking tonight. Atleast that benefited us"
🌝
The driving rule is so dumb. Worst new rule
Rg3 don't give a fuck
Wormley :(
Let’s go rg3
absolutely need a TD
RG3 is still pretty fast in a straight line.
"The refs in the NFL are just trash, no matter who they're calling penalties against."
"Hey Terry, get fucked with your non PF call"
Why don’t we run more of those interior read options with Lamar? It’s a hugely successful play even with the backup linemen we’re running with right now and we did it a lot last year.
CAUSE OF COURSE IT WAS FLUKER
DAMN IT FLUKER
oh they call holding on us though. dont you fucking worry about that.
Fluker is so bad
Ref spoke elvish for a sec
"What a surprise, it's D.J. Fluker with yet another hold... (Not that I agree with it; but it feels like it's *always* Fluker getting called for holding.)"
Greg Roman why? pls throw the ball sometimes
ref fucking ball why do refs call so soft in this game I'm. sure both sides wouldn't want that
Koch is GOAT
Defense please score.
These refs are fucked! How was that a hold and they missed the obvious one on Ebron and now missed a blatant offside
"not kicking the fg at the end of the half is gonna cost us the game, calling it"
WTF tucker can make those?!?
C’mon D
Fuck this league man refs decide every close game
"You know, this game is going way better than I thought it would."
"This is a goddamn dogfight though ya'll. Fucking Steelers man, doesn't matter if one team or the other is playing with a weaker roster. Last year we went to OT with Lamar and then won with RG3"
greg roman is fucking terrible
why do we keep running the ball on third and long
Put in trace
"Why not just let Tucker try it?  I mean, we have been pretty much just stopping them in the red zone anyway."
Patrick Queen is really really strong
No two pictures of Ben are ever the same.
Sounds like ben's getting a little touchy in the locker room...
We are TICKED at Ebron you can tell
Defense has heart
Holy shit my heart sank when I saw queen coming to cover did fatberg not see that
Call yall imagine if we had the entire D healthy?
"Say what you’re about about peters, he’s gives up some plays but he’s a damn good corner"
I'll never understand why anyone blocks in the back
Here we go with the goddamn flags
Peters wow!
These fucking penalties man. This must be another 100 yards+ lost
The defense is really going to play this well in both Steelers game and probably still lose both times. So frustrating.
We BELEE
Even the fucking sound man is scared af because the pressed PLAY on the LOUDEST\_CROWD sound file when the Ravens got penalized
"After all these bullshit holding and BitB calls on Ravens, somebody should do a house search to find out how many of these refs have Ebron jerseys"
"hey..we should try some play action, Greg"
Defense is gonna get tired but damnit man if they can make a big play mannnn
This is some shit play calling. At least throw deep and hope for a pi if we’re gonna punt anyways.
We’re def one dimensional but atleast try
time to lay on the ball every play to get some extra breaths for derek wolfe
Remember how we didn’t score any points with a 2nd and goal from the 1?
How about we try this thing called passing the ball
We need a turnover here
Almost a sack fumble right there
FRUIT PUNCH
M A R L O
That's a catch I think.
It’s a fumble but good challenge by Tomlin
Collinsworth gets so confused on these plays. lol. I think it's a catch.
I’m praying for a pick 6
Peters is out now. Why are we just here to SUFFER. We should of stopped the count ;(
Wouldn't be a Ravens game if a player didn't get injured on literally every play.
The cushion we give receivers are crazy sometimes
"Destiny is got us to lose this game, everything is against us"
"2 more starters, both DBs, in this game so far"
Success all game by not just blitzing everyone and of course that’s what we do and let Ben feast on quick passes.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Peters looked frustrated. Shit.
Fuck injuries man. Hope they're alright.
Incredible play
Idk who that DB is but good play lol
What a play dam
Beautiful play!
HARRIS
They had an easy first down to the receiver at the top. The corner was at least 10 yards off on 3rd and 3
One again I am reminding my homies here I FUCKING HATE THE STEELERS MORE THAN I HATE REFS BUT INLY SLIGHTLY. hold them to 3 and score on a long drive pick 6 the next from bowser and then shut them.out the quarter
Bad
Watching this team just pisses me off
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
Half of our damn players are limping around. Just isn’t meant to be this week
Gotta make that stop
Fucking snell
I think a two possession game might make it out of reach cuz the offense can’t seem to do anything
*sounds the horn of Gondor* TRAAAAAACE
Kendall Hinton time
What do you expect? D is TIRED
Honestly defense has played well. But rg3 aint gonna get us to come back. Time to put in trace
How many point have we left on the field?
Hell of an effort. Can't even be mad honestly. It is what it is.
I COMPLETELY forgot about Old Town Road
"This game is done. Offense ain’t doing shit. 6-5 we are. 

I pray that the Ravens don’t fall into the Bears’ trap of reliving nostalgic SB defensive days at expense of offense."
"Here I am, Bills fan cheering for the Ravens"
JuJu has been playing too much Fortnite.
"It's not like I expected RGIII to light it up but even that dude from the Cowboys no one knew before this season did more. He's a backup, but he's still a QB, he should be more involved"
Even Hines Ward thinks juju is soft...
Get rg3 out fuck
Buster brown again
Not enough time  for RG3 there
Guy celebrating that hill fell down
"I don’t like Justice Hill’s running style. He’s quick, but I feel like he backs down too quickly when challenged."
“Hill falls over” Steelers defender “YEA YOU TAKE THAT!”
"Idc what anyone says, im proud of the Ravens today"
Does he also play dirty and hit players away from the play?
Let’s not forget this is like the best DLine in the NFL.
I’ll take Trace just for the memes alone. I don’t think he’ll magically get us a win but them memes are all we have now
Most illegal formation penalties in the league
Greg’s trademark is illegal formation smh
You ever notice we never get free plays on off sides?
Gotta praise how tough RG3 is
Refs gonna false start
I had low expectations for this and I'm still disappointed. Fuck RG3 is completely useless as a qb.
Checked the stats. We did NOT play football today. It was some other kind of game.
That’s just giving up punting here.
"We should have gone for it tbh. Offense has done almost nothing today outside of the last drive of the half. Having less than 10 to go is a blessing, let alone 2 to go"
The Steelers are so fucking overrated. Bunch of cheap fucks too.
WHY IS BOYKINS IN OVER DEZZZZZZZZZZ
What a pussy move GO FOR IT ITS THE 4TH QUARTER!
Nice tackle peters
TACKLING NEEDS TO BE DRILLED INTO OUR CB's
Just imagine if we had JK Dobbins.
Game was over once we didn't score after getting to the 1
Someone shut that yinzer bitch up already
Hog calls again
Why can't we tackle
Stop blitzing
Urgency is underling problem with this team on Offense and Defense(at times especially the 4th) and COACHING.
Why do we need 3 guys to complete a tackle?
STONE HANDS
Why does our defense play so soft underneath? I can't remember the last time a team played us like that.
The 5 yard hooks are brutal
Thank crap Ebron
Ebron a bust lol
they gassed
TRACE
Trace mcmktherfuckingsorley
Touchdown or get fucked
🐐 is in
McSorley time
Took long enough
Pretty sure trace is in
YOU READY FOR SOME DIMES
"Trace boutta make a 4th quarter, 12-point comeback in 7 minutes in his first appearance in the NFL"
Greater chance of seeing this kid get murdered on the field or a successful drive?
THROW IT ON A DIME
Trace about to get 3 touchdowns
TRACE MCSORLEY
WE ARE! PENN STATE!
[Riveting conversation with a Steelers fan lmao](https://imgur.com/a/OOObRkU)
Trace gets us a TD. That'd be cool
Should’ve come in at the half
It doesn’t matter if we had fucking Tom Brady out there Roman is calling QB power on 3rd and 9 everytime.
That was a penny
"jesus.

Mcsorley is off to a bad start"
Even an elite quarterback like trace won’t be able to do anything with romans shitty gameplan
Throwing on a dime
"Can anyone tell me why you bring Trace in now?

Why not the beginning of the 3rd quarter?"
Late hit?
That gets call late hit 9/10
Funny how the Steelers are playing backups and people I never even heard of and they are talking trash while winning by 12...
Imagine talking shit to the other teams 3rd string qb
Without Lamar we are drafting in the Top 5
Our offensive is No 1 in most predictable in the league maybe 1b to the Jets
Fantasy pros notified me RG3 has been benched. Every shot of him on the sideline is getting more and more done on his leg
At least he's showing some urgency and heart
Like let them throw deep Roman wtf would you loose
No we have to go for it embarrassing
"If this game shows us anything is that no matter who the offensive lineman are, the Ravens can run all over the Steelers lol. If the passing game was just a little respectable, they would have won. Hell of a game though."
I think the actor Luke Wilson might be better at football than the football player Luke Willson
"Thanks for the competitive advantage, NFL? No COVID starters and more injuries!"
"Proud we hung tough as long as we did. But we were undone by our offense once again. Coming away with no points at halftime killer. Not going for fg just no balls. We had nothing to lose, we were projected to get our asses raped. No imagination to give us a edge. Just straight up vanilla play calling. I'm happy we played with some heart atleast on defense."
Marcus Peters needs to go back to tackling school
"bowser held once again w/ no call.

ridiculous."
[deleted]
Do Steelers WRs normally drop these many passes? Jeez they look bad
The Steelers are playing like they want us to make a comeback.
Trace drawing these Steelers flags like a gunslinger
TraceMcGoatLy
Trace a certified beast
[removed]
Holy shit what a soulja!!!!!
OH GOD NOW THE MCSORELY MEMES ARE NEVER GOING AWAY
Lmao the Steelers just let Soulja Boy burn their asses
Good job WR #15
#THROW IT ON A DIME
WHAT
2 Plays 84 yards?? You can do that?
"Wait, what."
Dropping dimes
TRACE!!
#HOLY SHIT WE CAN STILL WIN THE GAME
When Hollywood gets in a big amount of space he’s a beast but thats hard to get often
Still owns Minkah
Yall love Hollywood now lmao yall hilarious
"THROW IT ON A DIME, LIKE I AINT EVEN TRYIN"
"Lmao not only did hollywood catch it, but he made a guy miss and didn’t immediately go down"
Seeing him do that to Minkah made me slightly less depressed. though I'm sure Minkah wasnt really trying.
Holy shit trace shouldve started..
PLEASE TRACE LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Most elusive guys in the league lmao
Minkah must hate the sight of Hollywood Brown
SOULJAH
Can someone shut that lady up?
We lost at least 3 points at the end of the second quarter. That is massive right now.
Can we put that shrieking yinzer in the crowd out of its misery?
Pathetic fans trash talking our 3rd string based off of 4 plays against a top defense
Anyone think McSorely should’ve been in all game?
Coaching staff completely misjudged the situation by leaving RG3 in. Way too conservative when somethings not working. This has been the Achilles heel of Harbaugh (hence why we lost to chargers in the wild card round two years ago and the Titans last year). His in game adjustments has to be in the bottom tier of NFL coaches whereas guys like Tomlin and bellichick have won games outright from in game adjustments
TRACE MCSORLEY THROW IT ON A DIME LIKE I AINT EVEN TRYIN
Such a smart special teams play
11 PS PLAYERS PLAYING AND THE STEELERS ARE FUCKING KICKING IT DEEP
Throw it on a dime to a soulja and watch magic happen
CROWN MCSORELY
Soulja sighting???
"I haven't really been able to watch along with the thread today, but just wanted to say whatever happens I love hanging out on this sub."
Pick 6 incoming
NOOOOOOOOO
Winnable
"if trace leads us to victory... 

jesus"
Damn fumbles going out of bounds man
Hell of an effort today regardless of what happens here.
Wtf special teams. My heart can't handle this I have hope don't crush it so soon
If the challenge is a catch this is clearly a catch
FADE ME NOW
FUCK. They pull me back in just to give up THAT of all passes. Fuck me LOL.
Who the fuck  is Rivers
Why did I ever have hope lmao
"This is gonna come down to a Steelers 4th down that they convert, isn’t it?"
Damn game
71s arm was outside our dlineman.... is that a hold?
Bruh the Ravens really started fucking us then pulled out
THROW IT AGAIN DARE YOU
Just once can we get one of those 50/50 plays to go for us this season...
"Someone should write a book on this team. Whenever the going gets tough. Whenever we absolutely need a play, or a big stop, this team folds like a house of cards. Understandable this week of course, but good lord if this team is not the epitome of un-clutch idk what is."
its the hope that kills you
They will be talking about the COVID game for years?
Gotta be proud of the guys to some extent.
Fuck Shittsburgh
Man they had to give me hope
Taunting much
I still believe in the fumble
"The good news is they covered the spread
Bad News is i didn't bet it lol"
HE CANT KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS.
Looks a bit short here
JUST SHY... Or not
Short!!!!!
4th and a millimeter jeez
that was an odd chain?
Wait what is going on
No way is there conclusive evidence to overturn this whole thing
can they show the chains again?
"Jesus refs, they don’t need any more help than they already got"
Wtf? We see it’s short!
This hasn’t gone well obviously but at least Hollywood has played better
Fuck the steelers.
numb.
Fucking can’t wait to see the Steelers lose in the wild card
But who will drive the Karens back to their barn?
The refs loves the Steelers and hate the Browns. The Browns were closer on theirs on Sunday that didn’t get called. The refs was all for Steelers this game... so crooked
"If that bullshit before the first half ended didn’t happen, we would’ve won."
Collinsworth has always been so painfully biased towards pittsburgh
"The refs have killed us, it’s hard to ask your backups to beat a team and the refs"
"Juju needs to get popped, I swear he's annoying af"
"Steelers fan - I want Ebron to get more involved and catch everything thrown his way...



Monkey paw curls"
"Throw it on a dime
Like I ain't even trying
Just a kid from Briar Woods
I'm wearing number nine
Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy
Flip to Happy Valley
Now I'm coming back and got the Natty on my mind
They can't touch my deep ball
Every game I'm scoring
I'm your favorite Quarterback
They call me Trace McSorley"
Holding my ass
Man people really acting like cheering for a rapist to win instead of a team that broke covid protocol makes them morally superior lmao.
Rg3 fuckin sucks
"Saw that coming a mile away.

This is going to be humiliation of the highest order."
"Nice stop holywood, love the effort"
I never thought I’d say this....... WE WANT TRACE
FUCK THE STEELERS LETS GO!!
It’s about to get ugly.
STOP TRYING TO STRIP THE BALL ON EVERY TACKLE
Lol the Steelers fucking suck. Fuck your dumb fucking fans and dumb fucking players. Worst undefeated team ever.
The Steelers are fucking shitty how have they not lost yet
HOLY SHIT MARQUISE WITH A CATCH
Marcus peters getting torched during crucial moments ✅
Big Ben is a rapist potato
"That was blatant PI, he hit him 7 yards down the field, wtf"
It’s bullshit...But I’ve seen our defensive players do the same shit to other teams. Fuck the Steelers but a lot of blame goes to our coaches
Steelers getting help from the refs again
Fuck those refs
I can’t even be that mad about a 5th stringer dropping a pass
it's literally word-for-word in the damn rules and every one still gonna act like we're at fault for that
“Mutual respect” fuck that
Claypool is a whiny ass bitch
Holy fuck what a fake 10-0 team
10-0 but cant convert 1yrd against the back up squad. Yellow looks sus AF
O-line is a momentum killer every game
2nd holding on Fluker
"Can we put in WRs that actually give a shit, it's obvious Brown is a bust, we need to just cut our losses and move on"
Refs sucking Steelers dicks
Fuck it put me in as oline I’ll drive there myself
"“3rd and 20. What should we do?”    
     
“Run.”"
That’s not a catch....
These piña colada’s gots me tipsys
I pray we meet these Steelers in the playoffs with a healthy squad
Trace McSorely comeback time. I’ve seen enough of RG3 today
Lmao JuJu is not Hines. Not even close.
That's my (backup) QB!
"So I know we need an oline, but receivers 1st round?"
All I know is the Steelers are trash. Barely winning against practice squad players
Did you guys actually expect anything crazy from mcsorely
"Brown haters, let's just ignore that one."
"I mean this team finds a way to choke every week, so"
"God, fuck this bitch man"
To think if the refs actually called a delay of game and we had a nother shot at the goalie this outcome would be completely different. Nonetheless I'm proud of our guys out there. The upset was almost there and I'm freaking proud.
#FUCK THE STEELERS ON MOMS
eat a dick
Every time with the refs.
JOHN. REPEAT AFTER ME. TAKE. THE. FUCKING. POINTS.
"Another Steelers game, another screw job."
The Chiefs would be winning this game 28-0
Steelers in bed with the refs.
Rg3 prob gona get sacked for a safety first play now
"Deshaun Elliot always getting cooked everytime i see him it seems lmao. Is it just me, or nah?"
"Can we retire this ""stop the count"" joke? I feel like it stopped being funny like 2 weeks ago"
"Harbaugh took his glasses off, he don’t even wanna see this"
The Steelers are so dirty omfg
Humphrey didn't turn around at all and impeded the receiver from getting to the ball. That is PI every single time.
"Weird, a fucking pick play. What a bunch of pricks. Their offense is all gimmicks and fuckery."
Soulja
i kind of want the steelers to go undefeated just for them to have all the hype from the media just to get fucking clobbered by the bills or some shit round 1 (their round 1 obviously)
[deleted]
They got more Steelers cock in their mouth
I legitimately have no clue what to expect
No TD for Ben on the first drive? WTF is this bullshit!? Ravens clearly paid the refs off! NFL clearly favoring the Ravens. Such bullshit!  - Steeler fans rn
Throwback Wednesday to when Steelers fans insisted Boswell was on par with Tucker
It sucks RG3 got hurt. He was so electric when he was young. Makes me sad
I can not wait to come into pittsburgh in the divisional round healthy as a bitch
We waste timeouts better than any team
Fuck you Pittsburg
hardly any practice and playing in cold conditions :/
Fuck you Goodell
Bend but dont break baby
**MONEY MAN MARLO**
MARLO!
LMAO
Good shit Marlo
Why is justice hill getting the majority of the snaps. Gus must have fucked romans daughter
Fuck Mike Tomlin
I don’t think we gonna score again with RG3 lol
"If it can go wrong, it fucking will with this team. Jesus."
"i wanted to see trace, but not like this

we cannot catch a break"
roger goodell?? you mean the biggest ravens fan in existence??
Marquise. C'mon soulja
Fucking shit refs and shitty as Steelers cheating again
Fuck Goodell
Fuck Goodell.
"To the ones that want to see Trace. RG3 is not great, but pulling him is a terrible idea. At least RG has 3 years with the team and has started a game in this offense. Trace may be a good backup, but right now he's suited up for like 2 games in his career. We had no practice, I would not trust him in that scenario."
I support the timeout. AMA
Penalty on the Ravens.. for existing.
Steelers STILL the luckiest undefeated team of all time
Hollywood is so slow & unexplosive
"I though the ravens were a tragedy 

But now I realize,

It’s a comedy"
Could Trace really be worse than this?
Greg roman doesn't have two brain cells to rub together
Yeah that's a catch
lol fuck man Ben is so strong. You do that to like 90% of other QBs and it's comes out like a fumble
Bobbled the ball and Didn’t make a football move before the ball was knocked free
"I mean yeah, what did we think was going to happen today."
I guess that was the stat padding Tuitt referenced?
We should give Trace McSorley some reps!
Yep here come all the bitch ass Steelers fans bragging about being a practice squad team
"This is so annoying. I’m a big Harbaugh fan but he’s coaching like he has all 1st stringers out there. Kick some field goals give these 2nd and 3rd stringers some small wins and btw we would have been in a position to win. WTF

And the overperforming defense some support"
Put Trace in!!! We aint winning this. Give him a fucking shot. FFS
"Final
BAL : 24
PITT : 22"
Trace McSorely sucks. That's why he's not playing
Pls put in McSorely Harbs
#The fuck is Trace gonna do
Cut Wilson. Promote McSorley
If Cris sucks off the Steelers one more time I swear to God.
How tf are we still in this game😂😂
Ok. So it’s just RG3 then
"McSorley is the third stringer, which means he doesn’t get any reps in practice, and this week we didn’t practice. I’ll give him a pass."
"All those fans talking trash about Lamar this year. He’s played Shitsburgh 4 times, only lost once. We are really missing him. That’s why we’re losing"
i hope everyone that’s been shitting on Lamar can now realize the amount of value he brings to this offense.
2 missed tackles behind the line. Just unforgivable the rate we have been missing tackles.
Bend but still break!
Defense always plays great for 3.5 quarters then completely chokes lol
We have 2 strong safeties that are absolute liabilities in coverage
"lol and the refs continue to play ball for the Steelers. But you know, the NFL loves the Ravens!"
"God that chant sounds awful, definitely the kind of female Steeler fan I picture"
Now we see why McSorely didnt go in earlier. He fucking sucks.
Fucking shitty shitsbrugh stealers. 😂😂😂 What a garbage team beat us by 5 points and then the fans have the audacity to be happy and talk shit to anyone about being undefeated 😂😂 I swear those middle of no where redneck fucks come out of nowhere to stop in between cousins they are fucking to spout their mouths about the dumbest shit ever 😂 TRASH team trash City trash from top to bottom
Trace McSorley😈 Throw it on a dime✅ Like I ain’t even tryin🥱 Just a kid from Bryerwood🤠 to wearin number 9🥶 Met Coach Franklin down at Vandy😼 Flipped to Happy Valley⚡️ Now I’m coming back and got the natty on my mind🤩 They can’t touch my deep ball💪🏼 Every game I’m scorin🏈
Damn Ben sucks. I don't actually think this but whenever Lamar's receivers drop passes it gets blamed on Lamar.
"&#x200B;

We are 20 minutes away from kickoff  🏈

&#x200B;

This shall be interesting"
"I tried to not get excited for this game, but here we are"
i know we're probably gunna lose but i wanna see just one marlo punch on juju's testicles
is rg3 even mobile anymore. from what I saw last year he isn't
Welp if yall win i win $300 from football pool. I had yall before all this bullshit happened. Other guy has pittsburgh and i lose. So go yall!!!!
John Harbaugh about to make his money today.
"I'm not particularly optimistic given the circumstances, but hopefully we pull one off."
*girl screeches in backround*
Is dobbins playing?
Been a fan since 96 and will be one till I’m dead but I don’t expect much from us won’t be surprised if we get demolished we are fielding a practice squad with no week practice ...but who knows any given Wednesday right! #RavensFlock
RG3SZN LETS FUCKING GO
Damn fellas haven’t had a game where I don’t really care what happens. I really hope the outcome is different than what I expect. But who knows what will happen hope our boys put up a fight against these weak ass cry babies
was Yannick ever positive?
Time to just enjoy whatever bois we still have out there and pray RG3 doesn’t break both his toothpicks
Imagine we win boys? Will this make up for a shit season we had?
Checking in from France! Let’s do this! Whatever happens ride or die!
"So HYPED for our Ravens to beat the odds this afternoon. Even if we lose, let’s hope we make it as tough as possible for them Steelers"
This is fucking weird. Thank god for telework I guess.
Aight let’s get this bread
Kind of nice to enter a game and the only to be disappointed is if we lose by 40
Well at least I don’t have to look like a raging alcoholic in front of my family now
It’s Wednesday night football bitch
"I'm getting drunk this game, like any game. Just another day really"
"&#x200B;

RG III looks like Lamar Jackson's older brother"
Soulja didn’t avoid the tackle that time!
Gus mouthpiece hard as hell
"Damn, that had no chance"
Wow we couldn’t get 10 yards
Incoming MP pick six
"Gotta say, was very smart to keep Nick Moore on this roster. Morgan Cox is the last guy I thought would’ve been out."
"One thing I've never understood is when the defense celebrates that much, why not line up to run a play quickly and take a free 5 yards?"
"So was that a bad play design, a bad decision to throw it there, a great defensive effort, or a terrible yards-after-the-catch effort which led to Hill being blown up as soon as he caught that?  I feel like at first glance he should have known the defender was there and made a shifty maneuver to avoid the tackle and get that first down, but I'm not sure."
Playing iron man while a man made of glass walks onto the field
Are the announcers way quieter than the stadium noise for anyone else?
They really tryna pad them stats huh
"Keep it going, pick those off"
Mp juiceman playing safety lol
Nice coverage juice mane!
DEFENSE LFG
Eat turf bitch
MP JUICE MAN
Wow
Jesus fuck offense!
They really want the Steelers to win.
"Lol, how hard is it to not fuck up that badly?"
Pain
Lmao kill me
Brb gunna neck myself
"Welp, here we go"
Here we go.........
Wtf was that...
PAIN
Pain.
GODDAMN IT DONT DO THAT
yep there it is lol
Ok what the fuck
That's a whoopsie
"I was excited to watch RG3. So far, it's been HARD2SEE."
This offense is making my dick soft
Hahahahaha fuck GRo. Managing to fuck up the backups
Wow Steelers may win this 3-0
Well that just happened
Christ lmao. Didn’t even get one play 😂
Fuck the steelers
that should be the last option we run all game tbh
"Lol why are they crediting the Steelers defence. They just dove on a lost ball, they didn’t force a turnover"
"Cmon D, Bend don’t break!"
God help us
I really want mcsorley in
At least it’ll be over by half time I guess
That’s enough for me to put McSorely in tbh
Blind fuckin refs
Wow. PFF does not like Patrick Queen *at all*
don't care what happens I'm drinking already just want all our players to stay healthy.
How do you miss that hold???? Ref was looking right at it!
Fuck the refs
"Well I don't know how we expect them to see that hold, it was only right at the point of attack"
Who else will be drunk before end of 1st?
That was a fucking hold they missed
That was an obvious hold on Bowser. Fuck this
Good shit defense
Look at Ebrons bitch ass!!! Lol talking all that shit hahaha
Of course they’d go for it we may not go over 100 yards today on offense
we got a missed hold already
LETS FUCKING GO
Big jimmy handling business
"Good play, but what the fuck"
I like it D.
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
BOWSER!!!!!!
Defense is fucking ready boy that's for sure!
Rofl
Hoe them Bowser 💜 Big Ben is ass
LETS GOOOOOO
Lmaooooo love it
Looks like its gonna be an ugly one boys
"Wow, surprised to see Ben make such a terrible panic throw like that."
Let's fucking go
Elliot is stronggg
Ayyyyy!!! Should have knelt in the end zone tho but gotta take risks today!!
That D lookin’ good so far!
who even was that to
Holy shit we did something
Good defense so far! That's what I like to see 👏
"Bowser, go down you fool you ain't Ed Reed. lol"
I’ll honestly take it just kneel next time bud
Bowser has had a hell of a first two defensive drives.
Stupid observation - should he have taken a knee and got the ball at the 25 rather than try and run it out and start us at the 6 or so and risk a safety??
Fuckin stud defense lets go
I know we gonna lose but fuck that felt good. Fuck the Steelers
Only thing worse than running it out would've been not getting the INT
Adrenaline that’s all that was
LETS FUCKING GO BELI3VE
our defense is looking so solid right now
someone talk some sense into me i feel some optimism
"goodell specifically took an invisible drone and flew that right into bowser's hands

this is why they delayed the game. had to invent those drones, not because of the whole virus outbreak thing clearly"
RGSpeed
Rg3 is not lamar come on relax on these plays
RGIII looks faster than he was last year
Fuck me
Why do all the Steelers players dance?
Ugh
 Trace time please
Wow
Nah take him out he’s scared can’t play scared show some balls or sit
lol
Pain.
"Can anyone come up with a legit reason for why trace shouldn’t come out next series ?

What benefit do they have playing rg3"
That was horrible. Do we have anyone else at all who can play QB today? Holy cow
Huntley season
What is this shit?
Gosh can we just pull a broncos and get somebody else in here
This is going to be a long day
This is gunna be a horrible game . For both teams.
im a rollercoaster rn lol
😭😭😭😭😭
Bench him
2 in a ro won rg3 :/
GIVE ME MCNUGGET
Man. I was really hoping he’d look good
"Might as well play Trace. 

Haha @ Boswell though"
imagine not having tucker
RG3 is trash
Trace time!
"only reason loss happened last time was because of stupid stuff like that

not because steelers are better or anything. they did jack shit all game and let us beat ourselves"
"I think we all love RG3, but it’s been clear since he got here that he’s not a QB you want starting in most every circumstance."
"We should poach the Steelers draft scouts because they are really good at identifying talent. Antonio brown, juju, claypool. Imagine if we drafted just one of them"
Anthony Wright wouldn't have thrown that pick
Whatever happens no blame on the defense they’re gonna get so worn out
I am here for the redemption tour starting tuesday.
Haden made a hell of a play. But damn. It’s gonna be a long day. Defense will probably hold up and then fall apart eventually due to being exhausted.
Give us Trace.
GIMME TRACE PLEASE
This is just sad
Ravens have a better chance of winning by just kneeling or punting
Pain
Who is worse: RG3 or Wentz?
"This game might just win Lamar the MVP again. His is clearly the most ""valuable"" player to any team in the league"
Hold we going 3 and out again
We are literally not allowed to have positive plays. This is fucking ridiculous.
It’s still early ravens just get something on offense
our D needs to score the points
Wtf. Keep calling us but not Steelers. Nfl favorite right here
so no hold on ebron but one on that
Jesus Christ
"got $100 on the ravens, so far so good"
Thats embarrassing bozeman
RGIII Is not it
The two whiniest fanbases in the NFL are the Steelers and the Seahawks
This game is gonna be an exercise in pain and a test of loyalty.
We are gonna get shut out
good call Roman let's not even try. shows how much he trusts Griffin
Without going tin foily I have a feeling the refs will try to fuck us today. Judging by the lack of a replay on that hold I'm assuming it was a shocker.
"Dig in boys, this is gonna be an ugly day"
NOW THATS WHAT WE CALL A KICK MARY
LETS GOOOO
"CO

MOTHERFUCKING

CAP"
RG3 please get the O a TD here
#TACTICAL PUNT
POG POG
A lucky break!
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS GOING ON
YOOOOOO LETS GO BOYS
RG3 is like watching a slow motion film
Jeff Driskel and Garrett Gilbert played pretty well against this defense 🤦‍♂️
Holy fuck this game
Great play ... let's see how we fuck it up
YYOOOOO
Niiiiice scoop!
LETS GOOOO
Fuck ya!
What a moron lmao
Gus 4 times let's go
We might score today.
ok what the heck
Score now
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS
"Tired of caping for RGIII, he's had multiple opportunities to show that he can step up and has failed miserably every time. Sad"
DUVERNAY FOR QB
LET’S FUCKING GOOOO
THERES THAT KARMA TUITT LITTLE BITCH HAHAHA
"I love this game so much lol. 

We're not supposed to win. Everything good that happens I'm just *v i b i n g*"
"Please just run it

Don’t give the ball to RG3

I don’t care if it’s just a field goal don’t let him touch the ball"
YES!!!!!!!
LOL YESSSSSS
YESSSS
Our defense came to play. Our offense...
Run it 3 times
This game is so bizarre
Wow no flag? I must be dreaming
i don’t have any fucking clue how to feel watching this game
Lmfao this offense.....
"4 turnovers in 8 minutes, we're going for the record tonight lmao"
"Are you fucking kidding me, again with the stupid ass penalties. Same shit just another day. Kill me"
Koch is the best offensive player we have so far.
This offense looks like the worse piece of shit I’ve ever seen I’ve seen better college offenses
If the o doesn't fuck up too much and the D and special teams plays their asses off then this is winnable
JFC O! ST puts you in close range and you fucking bums push back. FFS
RUN THE BALL
Lmao RGIII's wind up on a checkdown pass is hilarious.
"At least we still have our Special Teams. Nice job, Koch and Co."
Oh shit Justice let's go
They might make the change at half
1st and goal!
YOOOOO
RG3 !!
Look at RG3 slowly run for the 1st
Good playcall Roman
Go RGIII!
RG3 better watch that knee. That tackle didnt look too good.
KOCH FOR MVP
Please no turnover
Redemption time for RG
GOOD SHIT
At least Tyre Phillips is back. By the Cowboys game we should be at like 85% health
"Oh great, digging even deeper into the depth chart at OL now."
Why do they only have 6? Did they go for 2?
THEY'RE SO SLOW TO THE LINE. EVERY PLAY.
[deleted]
Literally have to get 7 here come on
Jesus why do we keep running the play clock down every time
I need a gus/brown/Bryant td for fan duel
We need 3 gus bus runs here wtf
GUS BUS
TD!!
FUCK YEAH GUSSY!!
We got this bb
Gus Bus!!!!
LFG
Get dez involved XXXXXX
We are winning
LFG
Watching the game on my phone bc NBC IS FUCKING ME
Noice
"We actually winnin

Call the damn match"
"Lol the still blend in ""SNF"""
I only just turned it on now and we’re winning?????? Wtf
Pad those stats!!!!!!! 🤣🤣🤣
roman really calling run plays for rg3 when he's our only QB.
How are we leading in this game 😂
AYYYYY!!! LETS GOOOOO!
We might have our new C. Keith Mills was talking about him before the game as the player that will make a difference
Their offense hasn’t done shit
Defense has barely seen the field too. Should be fresh!
Just play chess with Pittsburgh today. Let the defense beat up on that offense and then let our offense just do run plays and drain the clock and make their offense beat our defense. From everything I've seen so far this team can win today
Give credit to CB Devontae Harris for that special teams play
This game is a royal clusterfuck. One drive that didn’t end in a three and out or a turnover.
That’s such a shitty little play.
McFarland why do you have to go to Pittsburgh 😔
Can we tackle them hoes
Not Deshon fuck
Not Wolfe
There goes the rest of our remains of a defense >.>
Back to injuries on every play
Deshon....oh no.
Can Marlon play corner and d-line at the same time
I would have rather forfeited thank you
Elliott is a dog he will be fine. Wolfe looks like he could be questionable just great!
aw fuck Wolfe is our only DE left rn please
I’m tired of injury goddamn
got anymore of those turnovers?
"Steelers: Wait, the Ravens were the trap game?

Ravens: Always has been"
I’m not even kidding are we gonna have to put some OLBs on the line?
NO MORE INJURIES!
Fucking christ. Every play we going to have an injury?
**NOT JIMMY**
I hate fucking 2020
JuJu cries in Fortnite emotes
The injuries are just a joke.
I was apart of the anti-forfeit game but Jesus we should’ve it’s not worth playing with the condition we’re in
jimmy no
Wolfe 🐺🐺🐺
Wolfe is a fighter
They need some milk!!!
How about a goalline pick 6. Ed Reed style
alright Hump
Please stop them
Out guys are dropping like flies.
HANDS TEAM!! Lmao trash
Ravens and RG3 have been showing heart so far. That’s all I can ask.
Can we get a Duv run back?
If we win this game I’m running naked down my street
Watch Trace be literally God
what if Lamar comes out to John Cena music lol
TRACE
Throw it on a dime
Trace Time baby!
Trace time?!?!
Start McSorley
McSorely coming in ooooooooh shit
tRACE????
GIVE ME TRACE MCSORLEY
TRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
Trace Mcsor... Rg3
Is tirico on drugs?
Put trace in ffs
you're not gonna win when your passing game is a non threat.
They can’t touch his deep ball. I say we put in “Trigger” Trace McSorely
"Ladies and Gentleman , a Hollywood Brown sighting!"
Marquise really needs to approach contact a little scrappier
"yeah he took that tackle, but after back juking"
RG3 bad
BRUH TAKE OFF RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE EASY PICKUP SMFH
PLAY TRACE GODDAMMITTTTT
"hollywood got 4 steps in and got planted, so that means he will fall after his next 10 catches"
I need Trace next drive. This is no bueno
Bobby thinks he’s way more mobile than he actually is
is Trace activated or is he still in COVID protocol?
"field the punt, coward!"
Snell has 3 guys on his ankles and the refs still don’t blow the whistle
Somebody going fumble soon
man on man please
Incomplete
No idea who 29 is but I like him!
We need to get a CB to back Peters and Humphrey up that isn't made out of glass.
COME ON JUICE FUCKIN A
It’s like we are a JV team or playing with 8 players.  Hard to watch.
Tramon doesn't play like he's 37
You gotta make that tackle after giving up an easy first man
Joke of an effort on this drive. Pathetic.
Terrible tackling too. Yikes
Did 58 slip? What was that?
Lol they only calling pussy ass short passes
I swear they run the same 5 plays and we still aren’t covering it
Marlooo
Is harbaugh wearing 2 masks?
Why is Ben even trying to throw Humphrey's way? So many better options.
"Peters may have the logic, but he lacks the heart."
Ebron the drop king
BEND BUT DON'T BREAK
"We're good in the red zone, but can we keep them out of the red zone?"
Steelers fans must have blue balls at this point. They've been in the red zone like a million times with 0 offensive TD's lol
Can we get a first down? Just one to start?
Got to love seeing that drop. No offensive td yet.
Red zone D is good. Means shit when the offence can’t score.
Woof
Even if this year amounts to nothing we can still enjoy Brady getting exposed...
GET THAT OUTTA HERE -HUMP 😤😤😤😤😤😤
2-yard passes and soft coverage. Just gotta hit Ben. Hard with the tools we have. DB's gotta play tough and they have when they need to.
https://twitter.com/djgreatness2020/status/1334251453708460036?s=21
Bob please
RGIII has Padme hair and I respect that
We’ve run the same play 3 times already
C'mon Dez you're better than that
Man the steelers d line is talking some mad smack beating our 5th string o line.
Come onnnn Dez :(
Completely forgot about Dez
Dez trying to throw them off the scent 🙅🏼‍♀️
RGGGGG
Jesus!
These guys celebrating literally every stop short of a first down is getting reeeeeally old
Let's go RG3. Needed all that
YES RG3 HAS ARRRIVEEDD
Jesus
"* 1st play. -1 yards
* 2nd play. 0 yards.

Come on"
"# OH

# LORT"
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHAH
"Ah man, RG3."
Fyck yes boys
Holy shit guys did I just disrespect the now GOAT by saying he should be replaced by McSorley
Wowwwwwwwwww
#RG3 SZN!!!
ORLANDO BROWN WITH THE TUMBLING BLOCK
Who can’t run😆
LET'S FUCKING GO LMAOOOOOOOO
Dez had a nice ass block
Tj watt looking like he’s compensating for something in that pic
Holy shit Bob lol
Thought he was going to the house there
Gooooood damn
I just called him mediocre too. Shut me up.
RGIII LETS GO BOY
WHOOPS
Is that the Steelers 1st flag?
Steelers are such a sloppy team
Penalty against them? Interesting.
Let that bitch fly
They know they cant stop us with just 11
What...ok I'll take it lol
Rg3 hurt?
OMFG
Lol here comes Trace
Fuckkkkkkkkkk noooo
THROW IT ON A DIME
Hold tf up
NOOOO
I’ll say this about RG3 he’s a good mentor and plays hard. Respect
Dime time
Is that the leg that caused him almost his career? I hope not
 Not Robert man
NOOO
It’s comical now right? I mean. It’s just one big prank! Has to be.
jesus christ
"Damn, just when we start to warm up."
RG3 is the most injury prone QB ever.
GET THIS MAN SOME GATORADE COACH PLEASE DONT BE HURT
"That 1 run broke him.

Get well soon, rg3."
NOOOOOO HE WAS HAVIN A GAME
Wildcat offense incoming?
We’re a cursed team
"Man, this whole drive is a metaphor for this season"
"Pretty sure RGIII pulled a hamstring.

Trace McSorley time    😬"
"I have no voice, yet I must scream"
He's okay!!
Imagine if the NFL canceled this season
Buster Brown out there
What is Collinsworth going to do if we win this game lol
"Terrible route, what the fuck"
Motion man stood there looking at RG3 lol
What’s the point of having souljas if they can’t beat a linebacker one on one?
"I say again, nothing but slants for Brown till he proves otherwise"
Terrible. Fucking terrible
"I forget who said it, but it was a cornerback: ""when the WR runs up the sideline, he's doing half my job for me."""
Hollywood? \*clarkson meme\* SPEEEEEEEEEEEED
Stop fucking wasting our TOs
Can hollywood jump for that please. That was a great throw. Damn.
RGIII has actually had some really good placement on his throws during this drive.
Imagine being drafted for speed and not being able to separate from a fucking DE and then laughing about it on your way back
"Greg Roman is low-key calling a great game, receivers aren't playing up to par"
Time to give Boykin Browns snaps lol
"Justice missed the biggest hole possible. 

Edit: and he redeemed himself a bit"
OooOoOoOoOoHhHhHhHhHhHh
Hill gets hate but I like him.
Running on 3rd and forever is working wtf
Hill was bookin!!
Justice will be had!!!!
Gahhhh I almost screamed him into the end zone
WHAT EVEM IS THIS GAME!!!?
"Was about to ask why Gus edwards isn’t in. 

I guess that’s why."
Good to see J-Hill is making the most out of this opportunity!
These are a bunch of guys playing hard. It speaks to the coaches with how the Ravens came out to play.
HURRY UP
Justice Hill for POTG
Ingram better start being inactive for Hill
Wtf is this time management should of ran it right after wtf
hill!
JUSTICE
gus the relegated vulture time?
Qb sneak
Hate it
Gus couldn't even get it in
ain’t no way
That’s why we needed a fucking timeout
"Yep, that all seems about right.  God damn."
The Andy Reid School of Clock Management
Are you fucking serious
"Game losing sequence right there with this backup offence

Sigh"
he looked in to me on the first play. still don’t know why they ran first and let the steelers do that
Veteran like RG3 needs to be better and smarter than that
This sucks man
You have to come down with that.
Bullshit!
Harbaugh elite coach
Gotta wonder if the refs are doing the steelers a solid after all that’s happened.
That’s a ridiculous sequence of events
Fuck I missed it.   What did the Steelers do that everyone is claiming was a delay of game?
Nbc* trying to explain their *cOvId sAFTey* ?
With no timeouts I think you need to pass each time so the clock stops if you don’t make it. We could have had 2 chances plus a field goal if so.
I love that there were like 2 flags that half. Smooth half of football no cheap PI penalties. But holy shit call the unsportsmanlike stuff when it happens
98 was just having a nap
We’ve scored more offensive touchdowns
Goodell is such slimey asshole. I'd have so much more respect for him if he just outright admitted that it's for the money...
Just got off work headed home to watch the second half. What’d I miss fellas
Nice “make up” call 🤦🏼
Pain.
Refs are a joke.
"That’s the refs saying sorry, all is good now. Pathetic."
THAT WAS GHOST
I SAID BITCH WHERE
Dang Pittsburgh gonna win through the refs
Oh look. Another flag on the Ravens. Cool.
Steelers are setting themselves up for a tremendously disappointing end to their season in the playoffs.
HOW THE FUCK
Receivers always draw the PI call apart from ours
Tramon Williams balling out
INT if Marlon turns around.
That's the difference. Other teams have receivers that can make catches like that. We haven't
Yessssss
Keep it up Juju!!
THATS RAVENS D
Ball dont lie
That's why we got the 40 year old in the slot lol
good god steelers are fucking garbage
Let’s. Fucking. Go. Run it down their throats.
I wonder if someone is going to tell Queen he shouldn't beat himself up over missing the INT there?
"Great stop.

If queen catches that, pick6."
Can we please get that TD back on this drive?
Queen should have picked that off.
Tramon williams mvp
"Where is Bryant? Dez, tell them you're activated and should be used!"
Nick Saban would be the last person I’d think Aflac would pick as a spokesperson!
I’m good on nick saban commercials lol
Does lamar and rg3 have our longest rush this season?
Need to start those 5 yards Dez passes
22 passing yards Jesus Christ lol
RG3 takin dat hit
Soft call. Whatever we deserve one.
Lucky call for us
Roughing the RG!
Bad call
"Definitely a weak call, hate to say it but i'll take it"
Make-up call?
Making up for the delay of game?
Ehh.... bad call
Weak call but that’s make up for the delay of game no call
Jimmy Smith done for the night
Are the ravens gonna win? In the words of RG3 yes yes yes
Call must have come down from New York to even it up cause that wasn’t RP.
Cris Fartingsturd
Take a shot here
"Jesus, are they trying to sacrifice RGIII?"
GUS BUS
"I don't think that landing on the QB is a foul anymore since that horrendous year for it. I don't agree with it, but we'll take it."
Wat
God dammit man
Hold my nuts refs
Who is this ref
That's a reallllly bad call
ah ofc a good run sent back by holding
Bro if Hollywood just liked dove he woulda gotten more
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLDING
"Hey Brown tried to do something, nice"
A W today is the only thing I want for Christmas.
Fluker is the new Oher.
Don't know why they went with Hill there instead of Gus
I think we are gonna need a defensive score. I could use a JJSS fumble returned for a TD after all his chatter
Cmon D. Turnover here. I’m feeling it.....
Co Cap is still here
Need a tfl or sack
Greg Roman needs to be fired after this game this is some pathetic playcalling
We’ve been getting okay pressure on Ben at least I guess
Soooooo why didn't Tucker get the points....
Need a tfl
Humphrey why you go for the strip and not the tackle
"They're giving us so many chances, we have to capitalize"
We need yannick to feast
Why was Marlon not even on the screen when that pass was thrown?
"Lets get a Marcus Peters pick, we overdue"
"JTuck just chilling on the sideline, kickers live that good life"
"Defense I love you, give them some help offense JFC"
"We're trying to strip the ball out at every opportunity.

I respect it."
Cmon punt return TD. Tgen go for 2 to make it a FG game
YELLOW IS SUS
Our Defence swinging their dicks around
Good Stop!!! Thats why we don't kick the FG there.  That's why I dont coach.  Lol
Block in the vack
Juiceman brought the  wood
Lol refs
Flea flicker?
Levine with 2 special teams penalties today...not good
We need to run some air raids for these penalties or something man
Anthony levine wtf.
"Oh look, another flag!"
LETS GO RG3!!
Weak flop lol
This defensive effort got me feelin like running thru a brick wall.
"If we get a first down or two here, I think it's time for a trick play. Maybe a double pass from McSorley or something."
It's illegal to block from the side?
"complete dive on they play.  No way blocked in the back.  Horrible call, once again.  Rewind and watch.  Complete and total acting job that some dumb ass ref fell for"
There’s some sketchy shit going on this field. And I’m glad the entire league is seeing it.. regardless nothing is going to be done about it.
MP juiceman playing a blinder today!
Gonna have to start passing now.
At this point chuck it down Field fuck it
Maybe we should get Hill back in.
"Regardless, I am damn proud of this defense"
You can't just leave TJ Watt unblocked...
Tyre... buddy...
Ran in un fucking covered wtf.
why was watt unblocked
That’s a pussy move by Phillips on that play
I mean all things considered we really are playing pretty damn well.
Man I wish we did stuff on offence our defence is balling out
our defense is so good
Why does this one score game feel like such an uphill battle? Come on defense
That pitch could be a good play on first down since they are run stuffing the middle. But idk.
Oh yes. Yan turning it on I hope!
Thats a catch
"Yan?  Nope, former oriole pitcher

Yanni?  Close, children's songs

Yannick!"
Marlon has had JuJu's number every time they meet
"I love love love the punch as much as the next fan, but it seems to happen 2/3 of the time right at the sideline which doesn't help."
"Oh cool, MP playing 10 yards off as usual"
"Another slant route caught short of the line to gain, but converted."
Peters is playing his coverage so soft
Thats about as clear as a catch can get honestly
Steelers run the exact same play 3rd down every time
Not Peters pls
Fade me
Why can’t we hit Hollywood on slants like that
Of course...could be down two corners
Now peters is injured lmao
Fml
THE INJURIES
FUCK
Another god damn injury.
Marlon almost got the strip
Just stay healthy and get ready for the Cowboys. Fuck this game.
"Marlon doesn’t even pretend like he’s going to tackle. I get the punch thing, but sometimes you also have to play defense."
Great play.
Why are they playing such soft coverage? I am really wondering if anyone has a real answer.
All I know is that when we get the ball the coaches are gonna blow it way and it upsets me that I know it’s coming
I’m proud of these boys for showing up today
Fucking tackle!!!
Looks at that bullshit.
Ugh that sucks man we had them
"If Steelers are the #1 seed in the AFC playoffs is there a team (outside of the #2 Chiefs) they want to host least for a 1st playoff game? -Ravens, easily."
What the dick
We got em right where we want em
Tackling needs work don't it :/
come on
this defense can't tackle
all you have to do is contain
lucky SOB
please get a pick...
"More 33, less 29"
"I fucking hate that ""helmet down and dive"" tackle shit. No wonder Bowser missed"
this is where the L comes in
Williams aint it
Nothing to lose let's see some trick plays or a deep shot or something.
I hope JuJu steps on another flag
I would have had more hope if we scored 3 at the end of the half.
I am saddened if Wilson holds on we are only down 1 score
Idk if Roman has something on Harbs but we really need to give Roman the boot
They gave me hope and my pain is immeasurable
Still hoping for a miracle
Man 25 passing yards in total today lol
Why is the Steelers schedule so soft? Only loss I see is...MAYBE...the Bills
"On,y the Steelers could thrive so well in 2020, the fucking cockroaches of organizations: ugly, effective, finds holes, exploits everything."
Can someone forward this to Roman. Throw the fucking ball. We’re down too much to run
Damn Hollywood had em beat
"Holy fuck, throw the GD ball"
How is it possible that Gus is splitting time evenly with Justice today?
"just put Trace in

He can throw a football"
Can’t win an NFL game without passing the ball.
Oh good. More runs.
Inaccurate bomb by Bob
If we did that hit it would be a flag
Another run on 1st down.
Maybe colon castillo shouldnt be fitted for his hof jacket yet lol
The Ravens got set so this better not be illegal shift.
UM Taunting after that tackle???
"It’s not as complicated as we make it, line the hell up"
Illegal formation every game
Get RG3 out of there. The dude is hurt and not doing well anyways. Also who didn’t see that illegal formation/shift coming. GRo sucks
It's every play with this bull
You see that vet move by DEZ tho
Well this shitfest was fun for like a few seconds
Does GRo not know the rules? Lmfao. This is pathetic.
It’s not a ravens game without an illegal formation call.
LOL the QB who's played one game in the last few years just hard counted you
Robert playing the defense like a fiddle
Fuck it go for it
fuck it go for it.
Alualu out here wanting to pad stats. Fuck off
How are we punting here?
"Nothing to lose really, fuck it, go for it"
This is giving up at this point defense is gassed needs more time
Our defense will not be able to stop them again
Just go for it
"Fuck punting, game is totaled for sure. You have to pull some shit to win. We just pissed the game away instead, at least we have a roll of the dice going for it."
"How good is throwing well short of the sticks?

We don't have the soldiers today, but my god the playcalling has done us ZERO favours this second half."
Go for it
"I wish we would have gone for it, but I also think our best shot of scoring is with the defense lol"
"Defense needs to get a turnover here to even try and keep us in the game.

Best case would be a pick 6 or scoop and score"
Tired defense is tired defense
We need a receiver so badly.
It takes at least 6 men to bring down Snell. That’s not good.
This is game over i think
What a dumb punt.
But WHERE are all the tackles??
Do the Ravens not know they have arms
"Genuine question, who’s to blame for illegal formation? Coaches? Players that are lined up? Qb?"
Peter fuck off my dude
"I feel like whenever someone on offense fucks up (drops a ball, trips, etc) Greg takes a long ass time to involve them again in the offense"
Why does this team forget how to tackle in the 4th every week
Woah Peter's back in
Other offenses seem to take what the defenses give them. Our offense seemingly can only execute when everything goes absolutely perfect. Not sustainable.
Is it one of the first practices when they teach you to wrap up on a tackle or nah?
I'd love for us to run some passes like that for Lamar
He tripped fell got up and got the first. Wtf man
What the fuck
Fuck it all I want from this game now is for a blocker to forget to disengage from Watt
All of a sudden we can’t cover
I didn’t realize throwing this many short passes was allowed
"This is going much better than being aggressive on 4th down. Great choice, Harbs!"
Why are they playing so far off the receivers ?
A team who pass abs receivers who catch. Must be nice.
D is fuckin tired at this point. Offense has done jack shit. At this point in the game you can expect them to get run over non stop.
TRACE
"***TURKEY JUJU***
**HAAAAAAAA**"
TRACE THE FUCKING ACE LETS GOOO
I wish we had an offence
#THROW IT ON A DIME
Finally made the move.
MCSORELY
THROW IT ON A DIME
Little late for McSorely. Should have started the 2nd half.
TRACEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
WOAH!
"Yeah, qb switch with only 1 shred of hope left. Too late man"
The comeback kid is in. We remember.
oshit trace coming out now?
THROW IT ON DIME TRACE CMON RAVENS
Is RGIII hurt?
They’re in trouble
Oh god it’s trace time
Ya waited to late to put him in man
"at this point, i just want trace to have fun out there."
"Well, smack my face and color me Nittany Lion blue"
Poor Trace. This is about to be ugly -- never stepped foot in an NFL game and has to see the Steelers
"I think RG limping is what did it. He played a decent game save for that pick 6. Especially considering he's a backup playing with other backups with no practice.    

He earned some respect from me today."
Let’s go Trace!!! Idc if we lose I’m happy now
just air out deep balls for PIs
RG3 sucks man. He just does
Told you guys about Trace
Great pass
Trace McSorley in at Quarterback 👀
ok fuck this.
"Yep, this one is going to just keep getting uglier and the final score seems like it won't look nearly as close as the game was for the most of the day."
Not a great start...
What happened With Ebron? I just walked away for a min
"Ok, put Huntley in"
"Fuck it, let’s find Dave Zastudil and see if he wants to play QB!"
McSorley to Duvernay - I see the future of our organization... !!
Can we just supersim?
Steelers fans aren’t sure how to feel right now because there a lot of overlap between them and Penn State fans.
Oh so watching him get murdered is the greater chance. But by the hands of Roman play calling...
TRACE GOAT
Go for it no doubt
#🔥🔥🔥
THE ACE
Wtf is Minkah doing????
Talk about deja vu
If you wanna win the game then put your faith in number 9
Trace McSorely is white Lamar after that run
"why was the clock still running? Trace went out of bounds

Edit - My bad. Forgot that clock only stopped w/ <5min on clock"
Fluker doing a better job at whining for a flag then getting a hand on anyone
Luke my god catch the ball
Just go for it lol
Just go for it wtf
Sigh
[TBT to week 12 last year...](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/e1qctx/11252019_week_12_game_thread_baltimore_ravens_at/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)
"Harbaugh must have placed a big bet on the ""under."""
Trace throws the ball with a complete disregard for his team being down 12 with 5ish minutes on the clock
time to turn off the game :(
Fucking hell Harbs how about some trick plays on ST????
We kinda had a chance to maybe upset them but refs said no
20 passing yards...
Thank FUCK I get to watch the tree lighting ceremony tonight
OBJ but Dupree in the dirt
TEAMS NEEDS TO DO SOME TRICK PLAYS
They have been holding on the edge ALL DAY
I’m getting a real ‘ryan mallett in mustard pants’ vibe for the rest of this season. Not the team I know.
"People are pissed because we expected to lose this game due to HALF THE TEAM HAVING COVID. 


Instead it’s poor coaching."
so many drops
Put Koch in at QB
Add that hard count to Trace's highlight compilation.
Put Koch in
This is the longest game ever
Oh shit
Soulja!!!!!!!
OMFG
Hollywood!
#FUCKING FINALLY HOLLYWOOD ALSO THROW IT ON A DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIME
#HOLLYWOOD FINALLY CAUGHT ONE YESSSSS
Hahahahahahaha holy shit
MCSORELY TO BROWN 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hollywood did something?!
throw it on a dime
SOULJA
MCSORLEYYYYYYY
HOLLYWOOD PUT HIM ON SKATES
Trace to Hollywood!!!!
A sign of life
Marquise did something
Wow Trace and Hollywood goats
OH MY GODDDDDD
HE DID SOMETHING
yo what!
He did something
SOULJA!
Throw it on a dime!!!!!!
Bro can someone please shut up that fat banshee that won’t stop screaming?!
OKAY. I SEE YOU HOLLYWOOD.
LET'S GO D!! GET THAT TURNOVER!!
LETS GOOOOOOOO
WOW!
Why wasn't he in earlier?
Bout time Hollywood!!!!
Throw it on a dime
These fucking commentators already said the Steelers were 11-0 FUCK YOU WE IN THIS BITCH
"LFG, this isn’t over"
ITS FUCKING COMEBACK SEASON BOYS!!!
Holy fucking shit. STAT PADDING BITCHES
H O L L Y W O O D
SOULJA SHOWED UP
**soulja**
THROW IT ON A DIME
God Hollywood looks slow af. Please let me see the speed on that.
Love that play but don’t say he was limited to half dozen catches... he’s been targeted. He finally took advantage of that.
SOULJA
He’s a Soulja!
s o u l j a
Where’s this been all year?
I’ve got chillls
"Props to this team, we came out to play, and did the best with the fucked up situation the nfl and saunders put us in"
Soulja-tweet curse lifted?
lmfao at Minkah Fitzpatrick embarrassed AGAIN by Hollywood
We showed grit this game we should be happy about that when we had basically no chance. And we HAVE A CHANCE NOW. It's more than the offense has shown the last few weeks. (I wrote this half before half after TD btw)
"People on here blaming the coaching, I’m sorry you sound football ignorant, coaching can only achieve so much. I feel like people are really underestimating how bad this situation is for us."
"In conclusion, my dick hard"
MF TRACE MCSORLEY!!!!
"I just went to the bathroom, wtf happened"
"3 TOs and the 2 mins warning, let's get weird"
If he can do that the rest of the season marquise can earn back his nickname.
 THROW IT ON A DIME
Throw it on a dime
Cone on pick 6
😆 whatever that was?
Fuck all steelers bettors
I GOTTA PUT PANTS ON
Who was confused there? Fort?
https://twitter.com/samsadsportsfan/status/1334279202179309570?s=21
Defense needs to show up one more drive.
"It's definitely a catch & fumble, don't challenge Harbs."
Dude if that just bounced in
another fumble out of bounds...
I'm going to assume that kicking play was all genius to confuse them. Excellent.
How is that a catch
LET'S FUCKING DO THIS
GET THIS STOP
Im so fucking nervous
"Holy shit, this might actually happen"
Stop here and we win
You have to be kidding me
Fuck...
Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me
Fuck
Feel like we never win contested catches
"Pure, unadulterated, pain."
Damn you gotta pick that
Defense is probably feeling it at this point I don’t blame them
How do these back to back first downs happen
Classic defense giving up the big run......shades of last week
How does that lame duck not get picked....
Unreal
Ok that’s it
At least that was on first down
"c'mon d, I BELEE"
Chuck with the wrong hand on that 👎🏻
That’s Pitt’s WR4 making that catch. The main difference between our offenses
"I can't watch the game right now, why is RGIII out? Is he okay?"
Uh? What?
Easy schedule
Is it 4 or 1 wtd
Surely that's 4th down.
"Aah it looks impossible to see clearly enough to overturn this, right?  I could be wrong, but I have no confidence in them overturning this."
queen whiffed on the tackle but still slowed him down just enough potentially
Can someone explain to me what happened there? I thought they didn't get the first? How tf did they get a first?
What song played at the end of the fourth quarter? It went like bah baba bah bah like a pop sound
Bad referring
That AT&T chick is fine.
Backup QB is a sore need this offseason.
BS spot
You guys are gonna win. I can feel it
Run run pass. Fuck Greg Roman. Literally same fucking calls all season.
"The Steelers, aka hillbilly cousin rapist, are the worst undefeated team in NFL history."
Would’ve loved to see what McSorley could do in this...
That makes me feel a little better
"Yea time for Trace McSorely, RG3 is a lost cause at this point"
Okay where’s Trace
"Yeah...Roethlisberger is always good for a couple Interceptions 

&#x200B;

But we ain't gonna win on them.    Offense needs to step the bleep up"
I’m hoping that INT was just nerves. Let’s go RG3
Harbaugh has to be held accountable at some point. Starters or not this team consistently is committing pre snap penalties
How good of a guy is Ben outside of football???
NO SHUTOUT BOYS
Big play here
I will bet 90% of people calling for Trace McSorley have never even seen him play
"I know this team isn’t the Ravens right now, but our secondary is our strength this game and they don’t look they good tbh. Tackling like high schoolers. It’s embarrassing. Team needs a new game plan for next season."
Ben just doing whatever he wants. Pitt has dropped several passes that are right there
Wow RG3 is actually glass
Is Trace even active today??
Fuck you God
This is why we shouldnt have rg3 run. Something bad always comes of it smh
How do we f this up
WHAT IS THAT BULLSHIT
Those fuckers
Refs letting the clock run on us again.
FUCK!!!!!!! CANT EVEN BE MAD AT THE STEELERS WHY ARE WE BURNING TIMEOUTS LIKE THAT!!!!
That last 30 seconds was fucking retarded. Fucks sake
Yeah timeout matters less if the refs don't fuck us in the ass
That wasn’t pass interference lol
"This defense has shown up huuuuuuge today. The old bend, don't break defense. Classic Ravens/Steelers game."
Fuck the steelers
Steelers run d is laughable
What the fuck are we doing
Thats not a catch
That's a waste of a challenge
Terrell Bonds playing hungry!
"If you've only scored once, and its when you were handed the ball in the red zone, and you have 5 yards of passing, its time to change quarterbacks."
Oh yeah show us those cheating fucks
RG3 is hurt as fuck take him out Jesus Christ
"Bless RG for playing through w/e pulled muscle he's got, but I think it's time to take him out and put Trace in, he's only gonna get more hurt"
"Punting was the smart move. Defense has played well, there is still a lot of time. Hope for a turnover or short possession. That odds of us getting that 1st down were extremly low"
Typical yinzer big mouth bitch. Stfu lol
JuJu is a nerd
There ya go boys! What a great throw by Trace!!! Lmfao
I disagree about going for it there. Defense is more likely to get a turnover than we are to get a 1st down on 4th and 10.
Ooof dupree
"We played well against an undefeated team with a mix match of players, that haven’t even practiced. Steelers should be low-key embarrassed"
"The Steelers have had a cupcake schedule and end with a cupcake schedule. This is the exact same shit as the patriots of old who get exposed when they’re not playing their abysmal division. The Bills and Chiefs are gonna eat these fuckers alive.

Hope we coughed on a couple of them considering how bad they wanted to play this practice squad."
We really should have tried mcsorely sooner
GG lets get the squad back and make a run starting Tuesday
Bullshit whatever
"Ben holding onto the game ball post game, feels like it’s his last season"
Imagine if we started trace week 1
Can we blame Harbaugh for not enforcing mask rules among his coaches?
How much you wanna bet this drive ends in a turnover?
"I’m out, can’t watch this. Makes me so fucking sad and angry. This is what it feels like to be a browns fan the last few years?"
surprised Collinsworth didn't find a reason to suck off TJ Watt on that terrible missed tackle
How the fuck was that not delay of game
Pittsburgh Pussies
DBs are playing excellently. That DPI call was crap
HE LANDED FULL BODY WEIGHT FUCK YOU CHRIS YOU TUCKING SCUM.
Why are some of y’all hoping they call this a fumble??? An incomplete pass would push them back to the original line of scrimmage!
Refs just handed them the win. Fucking rigged.
Fire Greg Roman. Harbaugh is becoming more negligent by the day.
I expect to lose this one
We need a TD here
Jesus we already have everyone out. How are you gonna give them BS calls
Holding flag 0.5 seconds after the punt. seems legit
"we're fucked lol. ""Missed hold"" my ass, they just don't call them."
Why do they celebrate on literally everything
Get rg3 out now fuck
Huntley time
put in trace or huntley pls
nice tackle attempt there hollywood
Worst part is trace is inactive
HUNTLEY HUNTLEY HUNTLEY
We are who we thought we were
Forfeiting the game doesn’t sound bad now
Just fucking forfeit its not worth it.
Deshon is fine lol
It was nice having a lead while it lasted. At least we did not get shutout.
This game is there for the taking .....
COUNT ALL THE POINTS
Peters is useless lol
Is Peters overrated?
"Defense has had a really issue starting hot then disappearing this season. I know they’re stunningly short handed, and they haven’t been terrible or anything but we’re seeing it again."
Guys we’re now down to our 3rd stringer. Do we still trash the 10-0 Mickey Mouse team?
"For as much shit rg has got, holywood has cost him a lot"
Bro seriously why does this team insist on giving me hope just to crush it. I didnt truly expect to win at all but this shit is giving me hope man soulja did you know souljas dive when necessary unlike you your a toy soulja. Useless on the battlefield
McSorely better come in after halftime. I’ve seen enough rg3
This is why Willson is a practice player. Couldn’t be Andrews. You fucking buttercup
Harbaugh really expected the refs to call something against the Steelers?
"Just tuning in, has tj watt rolled any of our players yet?"
Hello
Even college refs are better than NFL. You rarely see college refs fuck up and just disregard rules
Here come the refs again
I'm so tired of these fucking refs. They miss blatant cheating before halftime but they call that
"football is probably the most fun sport to watch, now imagine how much more fun it’d be with competent refs or weren’t obviously biased or blind"
Defense just refusing to quit. <3
Holding
"You know, I feel like not taking that 6 points in field goals is gonna bite us at the end of the game"
Peter’s looked like he faked an injury to avoid being embarrassed
Good job scoring against a practice squad
Juju really flexing hard. Imagine your best game against your rival is against a gassed defense and practice squad players 😂 dude really looking like Draymond in 2018 when they had  KD Klay and curry and Draymond scores a 3 when the game is like 120-89
It's time for trace before RG3 gets his leg gets blown out
When the fuck is GRo gonna put in Trace? RG3 has 25 passing yards..... 25.
GRo showing how fucking incompetent he is by not giving Trace a chance.
"Full team or not, Roman's play calling has been horrendous. In a game where you gotta take all the yards you can get, he doesn't design any form of short yardage passing game to counter Pittsburgh's constant blitzing. He'd rather run Hill and Edwards into a wall then yeet it 50 yards downfield."
Time to go 3 and out
TRACE MCSORELY COMING IN THE GAME
"At least this sub will finally realize that the memes were trolling, not fandom."
Lmao now you look dumb bro
Why the fuck are we punting. At least go out swinging
 LUKE WILSON IS A POOR MANS HAYDEN HURST
A garbage time WR. Great
Reminded me of the Stephon Diggs TD to beat New Orleans in the playoffs.  The corner just mis-timed and mis-played it.
They holding man
Someone just got a mean stiff arm RIP
And we should’ve went for 2 on that Trace TD but whatever lol
It was short
We shoulda just forfeited.
He's scared to run. That's not a good sign... He was looking confident on one run but you could tell he's been running scared.
Literally still shaking and fuming about the dog pile
Lmao people blaming refs for marlon’s penalty
[deleted]
It’s blatantly obvious the refs are biased toward the Steelers
"Shit I miss it by taking a shit, how did the Ravens get 7 points?  Pick 6?"
"Did we get a call all game?

Edit: just asking... I know we didn't play good enough."
"Even if we lose this, we're going 11-5 don't worry"
This is it boys. It was an ok game Steelers shouldn’t be happy about this win
"Hey fellow bird bros, Seahawks fan here. I haven't been able to follow/watch many AFC North or Ravens match ups. As a quick question, what are your thoughts on Dez Bryant? Was he a good pickup and can he get better as the season continues? Has his role deteriorated to a screen receiver for an easy 5 yards?

Thanks a bunch, good luck and go birds!"
this is a weird ass gameday.
Tattoo Pact
[removed]
Run run screen pass. Milk clock for 10 minutes every drive. JT FG every time. Ravens 15 Steelers 14.
"Outside of dline, our defense is in tact corners lbs etc. Defense can win us this."
LETS GO
Yo I can’t find a stream
TRACE MONEY
"Mic Check Bitch

&#x200B;

That shit  ain't on. We can't hear you"
Who’s ready for the RG3 rodeo
"Damn....WTF is that loud ass music playing  in the background?     

&#x200B;

They need to turn that down like 10 notches"
wait dobbins is in?
Welcome to the Baltimore Ravens Support group
"Well, here we are friends....let us say a little prayer before we start 🤞🏾🙏🏾"
"Regardless of todays outcome, I will still be chanting to fire Greg Roman after this game."
"Why couldnt it be an afternoon game, fuck that tree. Now, I have to watch it at work and dont have any beer"
Go time Flock 💜 We got Rg3 throwing for 300 today?
Anyone got any fun drinking game ideas for today's game?
CMON RG3 STUNT ON DEM HOES
Let’s hope we make it competitive
"This is the deadest I've ever seen a game thread at game time :(

No pressure today boys and girls, can you imagine if we cover that 10 or spread?! Epic lol"
"Heading home from work.  Should be able to join yall around 2nd Q.  

FUCK THE STEELERS"
I almost can't believe this game actually just started like for real
Let’s go RGIII!
Game of thrones DAVOS vernal meme: ravens logo on davos face “Apologies for what you are about to see”
I see no free elf starting :( so I’m assuming he’s out all day which is bs
Why have we just now ran a play like that lol
That was a fun play
look at those hands tho
Duv didn’t even look like he wanted to try on that return
Did that say Luke Wilson? Like Owen’s brother...?
"Look, Marquise. You don’t die if you get tackled."
Soulja sighting
They’re ready for Gus Edwards.
Well fuck
Damn just fuck Dez right
Wtf big bens hair....
So what’s the plan for the cowboys game?
Luke Wilson is my boy from listening to PMT
Grrrr
"I want Big Ben in the turf, show him what no means 😈"
We should just have Sam Koch throw it every 4th down. Not even fake punt just throw it under shotgun
Not unexpected lmao
OMG. This is going to be a struggle.
MP says nah
MP
"I see you, Juiceman!"
Yo nice hit!
Good answer
GET OFF THE FIELD
Hey I just saw Chris Wormley jogging
Zebras are the worst animals
Greeeeaaaattt
jesus christ man.
It's not what you want to see.
So much for that
Ravens look like straight up  doo-doo 💩
Yikes
Bum fucks
Dammit
PAIN.
Cool
Gg boys
This is why we needed to practice
LMAOO
I'm confused
Hold to 3
They really just gave the ball like that?
Jesus
Lmao
😅
I need to be able to hold onto something. Defense.......PLEEEEEEASE DON'T SCREW US!!!
"Are the commentators hammered??? It’s Wednesday not Sunday. It’s not even night, wut"
"Hey I’m gonna bang my head against the wall, might make this game enjoyable"
Offense gonna cause the defense to get tired by the 2nd quarter
That fucking disappoints me
Remember when we outgained Pitt by hundreds of yards earlier this season and still lost because we had 4 turnovers? You would think taking care of the ball would be #1 priority..
Is it bad that I knew deep down in my gut that was going to happen?
Holding much?
"An unpracticed team, on the road, with most of their starters out.  If the Steelers don't beat us by 4 scores I'll be impressed."
"Now now people, we can probably get one good play in this whole game"
Tennessee ran that exact play against us last week lmao
If we lose by less than 14 I'd consider it a miracle at this point.
Marlon has forgotten how to tackle
54 got held on end.  So bad.  Can't be missed.
I hate Ebron so much
great play by chuck
Well maybe trace will get in
How's Marcus Peters looked this season?
Can we see trace mcsorely after that?
"I’m just hoping for no injuries, we only have 36 available players"
They'll go for it
I thought the NFL office loved the ravens?
Of course they don’t call that
What day di we play the cowboys is it still monday or tuesday now
They have no reason to kick a field goal
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!!
Yesss
HAHA 😆
TYUSSSSSS
LETSSSSS GOOOO
Let's fucking goooo
Is there a link to the showtime cam?
"The better our defense plays without BWill and Calais, the better our contract situation gets. lol"
Imagine if our offense was playing 🥵
"KING KOOPA TO THE RESCUE

Bowser and Ferguson have been stepping up this year, it's great to see"
Rapistberger sucks
Take a knee kook
LMAO
"Would've loved a bat down but great fucking stop D!!!! Don't get me hype man!!


Not a bat down but a fall down lol"
Love Deshons energy
Told yall only Wink the one coaching right.
Wished he would've took a knee but I'm fine
#FUCK BEN ROETHLISBERGER LMAO
hahahahahaha fuck you Ben
If you aren’t Ed reed please just go down in the end zone
I’m cool w the pick it’s okay he didn’t stay in the end zone
"Goddamn it guys don’t do this, don’t give me hope"
Lol they have a selfie screen l
Bowser’s really been coming through for us.
We’re not winning this game LOL so I’m fine with Bowser taking the risk and trying to make a play
Lol why didn’t he kneel?
"RG3, don’t disappoint me"
RG3 SZN
"I like the defenses energy early on, but I've seen this one before. I'm skeptical they can maintain it for 4 quarters especially with like no practice, but let's go. If we can make this game close when it should be a blowout by every metric imaginable, I'll be happy."
Lol
This man is cursed.
Truly irregular lmao
U HAVE 2 B KIDDING
Lol
I'll play
Ok. This is going to be pain.
Ah beans
"Well, I expected them to score on the last turnover so...no harm no foul I guess"
Lol Jesus Christ.
So much pain
Missed it at least
DANG MAN
Yessssss Boswell sucks
LOL THIS GAME
This team is so cocky beating a team that has 36 active players almost half being practice squad players
Fuck me
Same play we run every 3rd and short
Robert wut
Well that escalated quickly
RG3 gotta get warmed up
this is gonna be bad
Lmao
Pain
Welp
it hurts
Throw it on a dime
Ughhhhhhhhh Im embarrassed. That was easy money
So can we just call run plays the rest of the game?
Why is the game in what sounds like a demonic version of Spanish backwards? Anyone else? Watching on Comcast NBC. Commercials are in English.
Wish times were normal again...
RG3 is great he just needs reps
Who tf is even the backup?
RG3 hasn’t played good as a raven. Tbh He’s lucky to be in the league
Don't pump and throw the ball in the same direction without even a look off.
Theyd be better running gus wild cat than Rg3 at qb
God dammit
Offense gonna give up more points than our D 😂
WE DID SOMETHING 5 YARDS
Devine duveryay
NBC IS NOT SHOWING THE GAME FOR ME WTF
Pain
Wow.   The wind knocked him down
🤦‍♀️
So far the only lineman getting wrecked are regular starters. Lol....I think
RG3 better not come back on this field holy shit
I hope we make the playoffs and see them again...
"Might wanna look at giving the waterboy a shot at QB, he can’t be any worse."
So we should punt on first down right cause we have 2 turnovers and negative yards lol
RG3 is doo doo
"As a WFT fan who grew up near Baltimore and wishes he was a Raven die hard, I’ve seen this movie before.  RG3 no bueno."
"Lamar, please get healthy. RG3 isn’t beating Dallas"
"But of course, that holding isn’t missed"
Who is our third QB?
Yooooooo
Holy shitttt
LETS GOOOOO
WE CAN’T GET 1 FIRST DOWN.
Lmao
I hope Football Team destroys the Steelers. What a goober. lol
If we fuck this up
"RG3 looks rusty. Hope next drive the game comes back to him, and it clicks."
poggggerres
LOOOOOOOL
God i hate that teams dont go for a good throw for a 3rd dow its always these stupid runs that do literally
Lesssss goooooo fuck tuittt
WTF IS THIS GAME
LOLOLOLOLOL
How much you gotta see before you do something Harbaugh?
RIC FLAIR WOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOII
SPECIAL TEAMS !!!!
Peterman levels
LETS GO
Should be an easy one
LFGGGG
LETS GO SPECIAL TEAMS AHHHHHH
WTF IS GOING ON LMFAOOOOO
I need more beer
Broooooo
WTF IS HAPPENING
Yeah boi!
Yesssssa
Wtf hill. Could maybe do that any other time you play?
LFG
I can't wait until that bitch ass Tuitt comes back and plays against us full strength.
Sloppiest game ever
Why the fuck am I watching this game
"What a crazy game, there's been 4 turnovers in the first quarter haha."
So they have two guys who might not have played on Thanksgiving and we have none? 🤔
LFG
Get the ball out quickly? Are receivers can’t get any separation
Tyler Huntley can’t possibly be this bad
Its fucking hilarious that we clown our receivers for not being able to catch anything... and our receiving corp pretty much stays in tact in a team covid outbreak 🤣🤣🤣
Yessss!!!
Holy shit! He didn't fair catch that lmao
"Pad your stats, go ahead"
OHHHH SHIT
TD or bust here.
You love to see it
"Hahaha, fuck the Steelers!"
Lmfao
LET’S GO!!!
Is this football folies
HELL YEAH!!!
This is an ugly game but it could be one of the greatest games in ravens history lol
Gonna be all handoffs right here.
It’s Justin Tucker time
Whoever that gunner was..... 😍
I feel like Levine has been in Baltimore since the Colts days!
Pls run it
YOOOO
Here's a chance for RG3 to gain some of that momentum.
Gus run stuff x3 and then field goal. If we don’t turn it over
#THANK GOD
Here's what happens when teams can't practice for over a week
We should only punt the ball
clown show
Take the lead!!!
Run run run the ball
Who was it that wanted Levine out?
LET'S FUCKING SCORE
BIG DICK KOCH
I think it's interesting they keep talking about all the Steelers that might not of played on Thanksgiving that are making plays today
We might see double digit turnovers
"Yea, idk if im gonna be able to watch this game when I get home.  Im getting pissed off just refreshing the Google updates."
CO CAP
Literally penalty after penalty after penalty
Hill with the shift
"A smart coach would pull out all the gadget plays they have for this game, unfortunately we have Greg Roman."
Bro we are shooting ourselves in the foot. Snap the damn ball
Five turnovers in the first quarter holy hell
no turnover = 3 points and im fine with that
There we go RG3
RG3s throws are so bad
Vintage bob griffin baby!!
Why have we not seen that play with Lamar in?
Lol first down
Love that play for this game.
I FUCKING LOVE THAT RUN.
"Cool, RG3 could still run good!"
RG-3Z-AF
Gus time
LETS GO RG!
RG3 come back player of the year?
"Just got here, how bad are we looking?"
Why is Gus not getting the ball down here?
Ben Powers got rocked on that sweep hahaha
"hey boys:

I think we have the lead"
Triston over Skura?
Fuck yeah!
AAAAAYYYYYYY
"I just don't believe in this team this year, and I hate that I feel that way."
COUNT ALL THE LEGAL POINTS. WHICH MEANS OURS! Fuck them bumblebee mofos
Let’s get a 3 and out cmon boys!!
Great
"Dang, DeShon Elliott hurt"
We’re cursed
Fuck
Fantastic
Lol here we go AGAIN
Wolf and Elliott :/
Why have one when you can have two?!?!
ben so relaxed
"Kinda figured this would happen, the field was tore up"
Walk it off derek
Ben’s passes are insanely quick this season.
I’m kind of sad I used the good Bloody Mary mix for this game.
Sigh
lol Eric Ebron breakout game because why not
They are playing such a one trick offensive scheme and it doesn't even matter lol
Whole fucking team.
Can we pls cover the under route
Need to press these receivers to slow down this pass game
lol add em to the list SMFH
Fuck now Jimmy hurt
We’re fucking cursed
so nothing but quick throws but no corner pressing?
Steelers about to light up a practice squad. I'm done with the NFL this year.
Wolfe back lol
"Steelers just dinking and dunking down the field aside from the one long pass to Ebron, defense just giving em way too much space"
AWOOOOOOOO
I hate this so much
Shit just feel like 2014 man
Nice batted pass by MARLO
I fucking love this defence
"Our red zone defense is good

Their kicker is worse than our kicker"
I guess it's true.  The league loves the Ravens and are doing everything to give us a win.
Mcsorley!!!!!! - edit... fake out
Huh?
Here comes McSorely
Oh...
RJ three is on the field but the commentator said trace McSorley was going to start
Don't tease me with that Trace McSorley talk...
Wait my stream is behind Trace is coming in??!
Queue trace music
Throw it on dime trace!!!
How they gonna do that? Get me all excited and NAH!
WE WANT TRACE. WE WANT TRACE.
Trace time!
We are running kick out blocks and then not running inside of them. Why?
Put Trace in as WR at least
"Hate to admit it, but I was jazzed when Tirico made that dumb ass assessment."
soldiers....
"Hey guys browns fan, just wondering where dobbins is? Kids a stud and from my knowledge he should be cleared to play no?"
We really need to stop going empty set lol. Wtf do they expect
Was that  soulja that I spotted!?!?!
God dammit
Who else saw someone on the O-Line upset?
"why not block a TE and Rb then air it out, not like we're doing much with the ball"
"Serious question, how many first downs have we got? 1? 2?"
COME ON DEFENSE
HITZ
Can we stop the soft coverage
Tramon williams smacked Benjamin
Ben getting smacked
If they score a TD here its game guys
Our guys are taking horrible angles.
gonna need to put hump back on clay
Secondary is rouuuuugh
Williams is popping off my screen every play!
We need a backup QB
3 yards this quarter good lord
Why does the D never cover the Check down?
Damn dude
I want to see Richard next series instead of Robert
Steelers butterfingers FTW
ebron drop!
Bend but don’t break baby
They’re just gonna feed off of the shit offense all game
anyone got a link?
Dez
Lmfao so predictable
Here’s a thought: pass on first down for a change?
Big Dez nooo
Come on dez fuck
Lol Dez slipped
Damn that looked like good timing too
I’d like to see Huntley at this point
come on bro
WE HAVE NO LINE
What the fuck lmao.
Wtf lol
Noooo dez
LETS GO RG3
Go bob go lololololol
WHAT A PLAY!!
That was.... something
Yeah!!!!
Hell yeah
ROBBBBBBB
ok what
I'm not used to moving forward on offense!
Shades of Baylor!
RG3 hell yeah
RG3!!!!!
Oh shit!
RG3-stacks
Hahahahahahaha
Fly Triplesticks!  Fly!
RGBEAST
FG range!
🚌 a l l d a m n d a y
Get fucked TJ
That reminded me of that one RG3 run on Washington
Lol
RGod the 3rd
Dont you get the chance to run the play with 12 guys?
Pittsburgh so scared of RG3 they're trying to sneak extra defenders on
I’ll be honest the beginning of that 3rd down had me fooled wow good play
[deleted]
LMAO
UM wut
Shit! Did he twist his foot???
It was just 2nd and 5
Drop a bomb please
And now we lost RG
Ouch :(
Oh no rg3
Oh shit.
FUCK
Noooooooooo
How is this happening. Fuck this season
Well gg boys
I hope it's just a cramp. I wanna see mcsorely but not by rg3 injury
PUT HIM IN
Oh wait he's ok lmaoooo
Damn he must not be in the best of shape if he got hurt by no one
RG3 SZN
"This is really a repeat of Seattle/Washington from 2012, huh? :/"
"Watch us trade hollywood and he balls out for another team. 

I just want a WR that can fucking catch a ball"
"Damn, hollywood... 

throw was off target but he was misdirected so easily there."
I wish we had Claypool over Brown at this point
I like Marquis brown but I think we have given him plenty of opportunities and it’s time for the next person to step up.
Where the fuck is Gus Edwards!?!?!
Justice picking up steam
JUSTICE HILL
Fuck the Steelers
JUSTICE!!
ILY JUSTICE. GOOD SHIT
JUSTICE
THATS MY GUY JUSTICE HILL
"Wow, good run."
OUT OF ALL THE WRS WE PICK BROWN
I would like to see Hill get more work past this game tbh
JUSTICE HAS SPOKEN
Now that’s Justice
remember when bell would get all the compliments in the world for something like that from collinsworth
HILL THRILL
Get juked TJ
"""just"" a run Mike"
Hill is quick!
Go Mr Hill
My 2nd shot of the day coming right up!
Justice! Imagine what Buck Allen would’ve done though lol
Touchdown?!
here comes GUS!
PUNCH IT IN.
Crazy to think we have 4 good RBs
I've never understood why no one gave hill a chance. I always thought he was pretty good.
Justice “Barry sanders” hill
"Everyone SHUT UP!

No jinxing for the love of god"
Hollywood would be good if we had a true number 1 receiver
I SEE YOU HILL
We really need to make this touchdown and be up at halftime if we want to have a chance
What the fuck is happening
WHAT IN THE FUCK
Wtf
CHEATING SCUM
What a fucking disgrace.
Welp.
of course
Great
Hate that for us
WHAT THE FUCK
If Hill would have just stretched out 🤬
Oh man this should be good. I’m expecting a politician level response
I'm trying to figure out why they didn't spike the ball
So many damn commercials..
"Just when I start to be like ""eh the Steelers aren't that annoying"" they pull shit like that"
This better not be late hit
Giving me classic raven vibes. Win on defense and special
FTS FTR
Bullshit.
Fuck the refs
Here comes the dogshit
Come on we all know that the Steelers are a soft team stop giving them shit
Underthrown ball PI? Check.
Got a bad feeling shitsburgh will put the game away this quarter.
I can't even watch this fucking nonsense. Are you kidding me?
It’s so annoying that all they need to do is underthrow a deep receiver and it’s automatic PI
I motion to not recognize this game as a fanbase
What fucking interference?
"Lol ""PI"". How do you play defense?"
I'm going to push you past me and get the flag...
"Another bullshit call, claypool pushed off him"
"That was DPI only because he didn't turn around

Soft league man"
That was a fucking stupid penalty JFC
What about that was PI? Genuinely asking
Our entire gameplan should be to air it out against man coverage. PI gets called every time. This sport is dumb
We get fucked by refs all the time. It’s so exhausting to watch our games decided by people not playing
I swear man
Chase Claypool has the DUMBEST eye black of all time
"Ok guys, let’s extend our lead."
Karma
RG3 is pissed let’s go get a TD.
**GREAT JOB DEFENSE**
DEFENSE
Hell yeah. Fuck the Steelers.
This is why I love defense!!
Pad that stats
Would've love to see Queen get is first pick!
rg3 redemption time for retarded goaline timeout
ROBERTTT
yahoo sports actin up :/
"Come on, at least a FG here"
at least the defense looks good
"I will die to try to win this game 

Rg3 probably"
Ayyy RG3 taking one for the team
Let's get points on the board please
B O D Y W E I G H T
"Is anybody ready to accept that we just don’t throw outside the numbers, not because Lamar can’t but because we just don’t do it"
did anyone's else stream/game go black?
THEY BITE FOR THE RG3 OPTION EVERY SINGLE TIME LMAO
That throw was dogshit
Y’all must be joking
Yeah fluke got some toradol and some pain pills and is loving life
Holy shit!
Might not be a foul but I'm cool with it.
Jimmy Smith confirmed out for the game
What are these refs
Is this the COVID reserve ref crew?
anyone got a new stream link?
"I take back what I said before the half, RG3 is doing pretty well running the ball."
Steelers can't stop the RPA
RG3 or 2019 Lamar?
Fucking refball
Opepa?
Run the ball
Fluker sucksssss
Fluker done for bruh
Fluker is such a liability
Rigged
Hold?
Hollywood knows somethings gotta happen.
Fluker the fucker
So annoyed with the penaltys all fucking year.
Just hold onto the ball
How can you even determine that as holding? He was plowing him the entire time
Good lord
Yikes
TJ is the polar opposite of JJ Probably sibling rivalry or opposite personality type thing
What the fuck
Let it bounce one more time
"I like the run call to get a few yards for a FG, but gotta not have it go for a loss"
.
Goddamn where are the slants or quick curls or screens
"Hollywood cuts inside, can get more YAC... But decides to cut outside to run OOB"
"How big is your truss?

Is it like the Ravens 

In Pittsburgh playin' 

Ooo-woo~"
Thank you Jimmy. I love you.
Doesn’t look bad but we fucking need him this game
Good stop
SIT DOWN CLAYMAN
LETS GOOOOO DEFENSE!!!
LJ has been solid today
We only rushed 2 there hahaha. Awesome job D!
I can not wait to go into pittsburgh divisional round I really csnt wait
This has to be the best game our defence has had this season right? Secondary has been straight fire
Mark this down as another game where njokeu has been an absolute 0
Hell of a fucking tackle Juiceman
.
Defense let’s goooo
Too many penalties
Can we pass the ball now?
"My guess is, we kick the FG back in August. When it's 40° outside they're more cautious."
can someone pull up steelers penalty stats vs their opponents
I’m convinced our special teams shouldn’t even block and we would have a better outcome on punts
Perhaps we could not run the ball every first down
just try to draw a PI flag...
I don’t think we’ve passed once on a first down
Damn they’re adjusting for our run game and we don’t have the offense to beat it
They have that 1st down run down pat. They are paying zero attention to RGIII arm
If they don’t trust Bob to throw they should just take him out of the damn game
Wtf
Good god put Sam Koch in
"Remember when we had a unique, exciting offense?"
Not even a light choking. TJ.. you’ve changed.
Yikes tyree
TJ Watt copied Ray Lewis’s move.
I thought that was a block in the back. Make it make sense.
Koch is having a GAME
Jimmy smith is out for the rest of the game
Mm delish
He does exist!
Get the stop!!
This season that's a catch and fumble
That's definitely a catch fumble. 2 steps and a football move. But who knows with these refs.
Juju is one of the best at fumbling in the league I gotta give it to him
I want them to lose the challenge
Wack
"Let’s say Roman gets blown out, who do you think would be next up on deck for OC?  Is it Culley? He has our wide receivers which isn’t a strong track record..."
2 yard pass after 2 yard pass after 2 yard pass...
Marlon is Literally JuJu’s dad
That dude was so open it wasn't funny
MP again
"They need 4 yards, I'll stand 10 yards back. Makes sense"
Dude was way open too
Now MP hurt F********
Why blitz there???
PLEASE STOP PLAYING SO SOFT IN THE SECONDARY
Cancel the season
MP out. GG
He's hurt >.>
As if we weren’t short enough
fun. just grand.
Uh oh.
Well.
I love NFL football
cramp?
Need to hold them to a FG or I’m afraid it’s over
he def tweaked something
Marlo read that run so good
"Dude Elliot is playing hurt too, just look at him try to walk."
"No practice, to practice tackling. Issue rears it’s head again"
No practice for 10 days starting to show. Injuries really piling up. Elliot limping heavily after that play.
[deleted]
Tyus killing us this drive.
Here it goes we need a turnover/ quick score on next drive neither will happen
5 passing yards. lol
Well fuck
Need to see something from the offense. Which includes less trying to get Gus on the edge.
"We need a long TD drive to let the defense rest, so they can get us the ball back"
Honestly whos better RG3 or Ben Dinnuci?
Proud of the way the defense fought today. It would have been very easy to just lay down and take the loss and no one would have given it a second thought. They did everything they could to keep us in the game and if the offense had a pulse we probably would have pulled it off
I want to believe we will win this game but sigh
https://media1.tenor.com/images/e394c9dadd42bc5e21e98a09dbed1907/tenor.gif?itemid=9297316
"Didn't the Broncos start a WR at QB that got 6 yards passing? And RG3 can only get 25? I'm afraid to say it folks, but he ain't good."
Hey happy to see a deep shot lol
do we really need to see his shitty dance again
Deepest throw all game. Was nice to see actually.
If we give them the ball back right now its over
Where the fuck are you throwing that dude?
isnt this a presnap foul?
[mood](https://youtu.be/ndCI8DIM86w)
Why wouldn't they have declined?
RGIII might not be okay
As per tradition
"Why am I mad right now? I expected to lose. Yet, I’m so mad."
Man if these refs would just call one of these tackles on Hill where Pittsburgh tries and rip his head off.
Go for it or fake a punt
"Ok, just do that 15 more times"
WHY DO WE HAVE NO URGENCY
"3rd and 10, throw a 9 yard come back. Flacco’s gotten a lot of sun"
Ffs go for it!!!
B O Y K I N
Need to stop running first down.
8.5 seconds holy fuck
Literal reeing
we legit dont even know where tackling is in the dictionary let alone its definition
why didnt we got for it? so we could get more injuries on D?
come on marlon......
Lmao definitely down
Now that's a quality tackle
"Hey guys, I think they're throwing stick routes. Maybe tighten up the coverage a bit."
I hate this game so much
GET THIS MAN OFF MY SCREEN
Ebron been having a rough day
Watch the fake
"Ah yes, soft zone coverage to try and figure out a way to make Ben make a mistake with no pass rush on him"
Trace szn?
Oh shit here comes Trace
Let's see if he can secure the backup QB spot for next season
Get a TD here at the very least
What's the point of having RG3 on our team
Only about 52 minutes too late
Been calling for trace since the second drive
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxINksuELmM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxINksuELmM)
Gotta laugh to keep from crying. Show em what you got  trace!!!
LETS GO TRACE LETS WIN THIS
"Thow it on a diiime, like I ain't even tryiiin'"
Oh my goodness McSorely is pants lol
Lmao he didn’t even move his feet
"Let's go boy. Make a career for yourself, trace!"
"Okokok first pass, bit of a yikes lmao"
Oof
Get them jitters out son. Its Steelers time
Ohhhhhhhh
W O O F
bruh
That was...ugly
Welp
Don't worry! 1st throw. get the jitters out lol
Oof
GOING FOR IT BOIS
Stupid ass play call
Cmon kid
oh no...
Not the noodle arm 😂
"Same 3rd and long play again. Duv on the 8 yarder, still 2 short"
YUH
Uh oh lads
Can we please take a shot down the field. Holy shit
I believe in Trace to best the -10.5 line. End everyone who thought it was too low
Gus Bus with that clutch block
He's taughting LOL
TRACE!
*gulp*
Gus with great blocking there
We got away with a holding call on fluker there
I mean we will have him next year still. I hope he improves but I don’t like where his head is at
https://youtu.be/RnDSKiD-D4g
It wasn’t great but it’s not like the receivers are having a great game either.
Can lamar play against Dallas?
the seed i want is dependent on the steelers' seed. no reason you know... just is...
Peters cant tackle for his life
Throw it on a dime
Peter can’t tackle or cover...
Guys we fucked up (coaches). We should have been up going into the half. But the Steelers are playing a practice squad so shake this one off and onto the next one. Plus this season will always have an asterisks to it.  In my mind 2020 doesn’t count. So many injuries on every team bc players didn’t have the same training this year.
Who the fuck designed those digital football players lol? Their arms were about a foot too short.
Why was RG pulled? I wasn't watching.
"That was good effort by Peters, he need to work on dive tackling or bulking up a bit though"
How was that not a flag lol they threw the ball against us that's supposed to always be a flag
so much punting jfc
Bout to pull a chiefs fan walkout.
It amazes me how sloppy the Steelers have been when they actually practiced for this game.
Trace playing chess and defense is playing checkers
Lamar goes unappreciated. He makes a bad play and it’s “draft a new qb” 3rd year QB doing what he’s done. He’s a franchise guy. Pay him
"Watt has been doing that all fucking game, now you call it"
a stat i'd love to see is how many yards after contact have occurred after MP made first contact
*dat slide*
Troy Smith or Trace McSorely?
WHAT
Four verts every play let’s go
THE MCGOAT?!??
HOLLYWOOOODDDDDDDDP
OH HOLY SHIT!
Let’s gooooooooo Hollywoooooooood
DIME DIME DIME DIME DIME
#SOULJA!!!
"TBH this is game really makes me that much more impressed with Lamar. We’re really only down him, Snead, Andrews, and 2 bad linemen offensively and we just can’t do anything passing wise."
Go go go go Yes
FINALLY!!!
TRAAAAACE!
HOLLYWOOOD DID SOMETHING
What just happened?
Holy fuck!!!!
They can't touch my deep ball
Dive forward MCSORLEY
THROW IT ON A DIME
Oh my GOD
Soulja
Holy crap
SOULJA
No fucking way
That was a move and a half
Lmao get it Brown
HOLLYWOOD CAMEO!
HOLLYWOOD!
No Fucking Waaaaayyyy!!!!
OH LORT!!
And RG3 hasn’t blown all our time outs!
Fuck me!
HOW
Defensive rally!!!!!!!!! Can it happen!?!?!?!?!
hollywood did something!
Woot
HOLY SHIT WHAT
Yo should we drop RG3 and pick up Ryan Fitzpatrick as a back up?
Where those Soulja haters at.. ?
Yikes that shrill
PAT is key so a Steelers FG still keeps it a 1 score game
Soulja
And he came back to the ball unlike earlier. We can win this game.
PRIMETIME JEEEEET
THATS 10 CENTS RIGHT THERE
The Ace!
+2 overall on his MUT card LFG HOLLYWOOD
"How's that ""SoULJa"" for you, you dick suckers. YEAH HOLLYWOOD!!!"
Hollywood is back baby! I’m sorry I called you Bollywood :(
WHAT THE FUCK DID I SAY ABOUT THOSE FIELD GOALS
Hollywood you fucking got the nickname back
You guys need to win for the memes alone
The ravens are gonna pull this shit off
A pick six or more dropped passes we can win and I would love it more than any OTHER ravens win ever
I looked away for 2 seconds... and I see Hollywood just running with no one else around him lmao
GET THIS STOP LETS GO
Uh oh!
Hahahaha that ended up working out way too well
Tucker trick kick rn
That's a great call
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED I WNET OT THE BATHROOM AND WE DID TOUCHDOWN!?
Jfc they had no idea what they were doing
Pick 6
Great play amazing
:O
18 be dropping everything out there. Jeez.
I shat myself
"can you give us a break, ball pls"
Wow I can't get over how many fumbles the Ravens have had go out of bounds.
Stop the count @ the clock
3rd DOOOOOOOOOOWN
Lmao ben just fucked up
what are the steelers doing?
Wowwww ;(
Dammit
Fuck it’s not over yet though
Clearly false start on 76
https://media1.tenor.com/images/e394c9dadd42bc5e21e98a09dbed1907/tenor.gif?itemid=9297316
Fuck.
Call timeout
are you serious
"Fucking garbage attack on the ball, what the fuck"
How get son'd like that.
That one hurts
Clark wtf was that? Knock that shit down.
SIGH.
How you let another man do that to you
I dare them to keep throwing
FUCK
They run 3 times or they are dumb
Yeah that’s game lmao
Still terrible at tackling.
"Yeah, just let em go! Not like there's a game on the line or anything 🙄"
How do they give up that pass and then that run?! The fuckkkk
"\*big run up the middle happens\*

Huh, Ellis must be in at NT"
Should've been made the change to Chase. Damn this hurts
Gotta catch that man :/
Something crazy could happen..
No matter how we feel. The steelers are given that 1st down...
All the while the clock ticked down
If we stop em we only go 50 yards
who deserves blame of the week? besides covid obviously
what in holy hell
Pussy shit man played like cowards all game
This is the gayest earth in the universe
Fucking bitches
Ryan hollins=colinsworth man dudes an idiot
Im tired of peters tbh
[deleted]
"Yes, they were laying on us. But that clock management and play selection was shit. You're coming off an incompletion and call a timeout because you run out of time. And then everyone on the face of the Earth knew you'd run up the middle.

Let's not blame the refs. We fucked up."
"Fucking ET3 screwed us with his bullshit, he was so much better than Elliott"
Justice hill is just no good.
FUCKING TAKE THE 3 POINTS YOU FUCKING IDIOTS
That's not roughing the passer but we deserve that penalty.
"Feel like they’re gonna drive down and score. I hope not, but feel it coming"
WHY IS RG3 STILL IN THE GAME LETS SEE WHAT TRACE CAN DO
This team is some pussies. Not going for it is some tuck tale ass shit I’ve never seen in my life. Fucking unbelievable lack of balls in a game where your playing with house money anyways. Fucking pussies.
Surprisingly Great D
"RG3 about to get off, gettin them reps in baby, my guy about to show the world how elite he is"
The boys are playing with no heart. I see some weak moves as if they don’t even want to be there.
10-0 10-0 10-0 10-0
That’s the game right there. Why the hell did they run it up the middle?
The season wrapped up in 2 plays
"I can’t stand MINKAH Shitzpatrick, Brian Flores knew he was soft af"
Can we get a receiver that can draw an OPI for just existing? Have the Ravens WR gotten a OPI call in their favor all year?
3-21 and you run.... lol
Even if it’s a catch. It’s a bad challenge..
This season is a bust it’s over
ugh i hate juju
I’m tired of the trace mcsorely talk jfc
"I try not to be a bitchy sports fan, but like it does feel like everything is against us"
"Just replayed it, it is 2-3 inches short as they showed it on tv"
Idc what anyone says Wink is the only one keeping this team alive. GRo is a punk bitch who couldn't make different play calls if his job depended on it.
but i thought the nfl gift wrapped extra days of preparation to the ravens to make them so prepared for this game... how can a mistake like that occur??
RG3 sucks lol every opportunity he gets he fucks up
Great effort on the tackle Hollywood
Thats the same play lamar threw his interception on
RG3 is having a tough time. He posses the skill to make magic happen. Magic is on defense today.
Fuck you Boswell lol
Might as well put Huntley in as a wildcard
I'm confused why are we getting called for a hold when they let the Steelers' go. I thought we were the NFL's favorite.
Hollywood could have tackled Haden at the 5. Ran in with him. It’s one thing to protect yourself but you can’t avoid contact entirely. That’s a huge no for the culture.
Not only do they play the steelers but the refs too. My god
[deleted]
Well this may be a problem
Have the Steelers had this ugly bumblebee uniform all year or is this new for this game?
"Averett, BWill, Calais, everybody on the covid list will be back by the Cowboys. I still expect this team to comeback and make the playoffs."
my nama jeff
"That sucks for Wolfe. I rolled my ankle ONCE, and it still is fucked months later. It’s a weird tight feeling on the round outer ankle bone. 

If anyone has had this happen to them, please tell me that tight feeling goes away. I already don’t have a meniscus and a patella ACL."
Dude!! Bro!!
"Come on Boswell, miss it!"
"https://twitter.com/jeffzrebiec/status/1334249154260905989?s=21

Fuck you Goodell"
Wormley is a steeler? Fucking traitor
"Hill isn't bad, he's just not good at running back :P"
"Receivers got open, but RG3 had no time to make a play. This is a tough DLine to play against."
Lol 3rd and 10 and you're giving a guy 5 yards of space at the marker. What the fuck are you thinking
"It’s not that bad, we got a chance"
Too many cooks
Oh good
"It’s happening!!!

Mcsorley szn"
Y'all really got me dying in this thread
Man we need some tempo. It takes us so long to snap the ball
Terrible clock management
I CANT FKING BELIEVE IT
They will never hesitate to throw a flag for the Steelers
Gotta headhunt these refs at some point.
"Man, the Steelers are REALLY doing everything they can to be absolute shit bags this week, eh. The dead ball delay, Tuitt’s Twitter comments. God, this team is insufferable."
"Alright, offense.... avoid turning the ball over on this drive and we can do something"
"Option, screen or run up the gut for play #1?  Which Roman special are we doing first?"
I think it's time the players look at a rule book. This is ridiculous.
The scoreboard makes it seem like a close game
At least let Trace throw one pass come on lol
That’s gonna be game guys
That’s a catch imo
Refs gonna screw us over again
that's game
Idk who William's is but you cant expect him to cover juju
All good. Game is much closer than the score looks.
Juju is a name tiktok users came up with? sounds like it
Roman bout to show for the millionth time what a shit oc he is
"We do we have to lose by giving Chase a chance? He can't be any worse than a pick, fumble and five yards"
"honestly, this has been a fun game because we almost had it. If we can get healthy and make it into the playoffs, we might do something. But realistically it's the Chiefs conference to lose."
RG3 hurt again. Just fucking put in Trace and let’s see if we have a serviceable backup on the roster.
Well that’s the game. Fun while it lasted
Teams a joke even with the backups. Bad bad year for ravens.
"I’ve been as critical of Roman as anyone but you can’t really blame him for our starting qb, te1, wr1, Rb1&2, and half the starting lineman being out"
Fuck it go for it
The only thing this team is above average at is quitting. Wait till we lose to the cowboys next week. Y’all optimists are something else.
[to cheer everyone up ](https://www.instagram.com/p/CIT8E-ylBic/?igshid=12fkn1rgkpbk8)
OH SHIT.
"tHrOw iT On a dImE
LiKe i aIn't eVeN TrYiNg
jUsT A KiD FrOm bRiAr wOoDs
i'm wEaRiNg nUmBeR NiNe
mEt cOaCh fRaNkLiN DoWn aT VaNdY
FlIp tO HaPpY VaLlEy
nOw i'm cOmInG BaCk aNd gOt tHe nAtTy oN My mInD
ThEy cAn't tOuCh mY DeEp bAlL
EvErY GaMe i'm sCoRiNg
i'm yOuR FaVoRiTe qUaRtErBaCk
tHeY CaLl mE TrAcE McSoRlEy"
I'm starting to feel bad for Hollywood today
"5 minutes left, down 2 scores, and we're playing like this?"
Holy fuck Peter's you weak bodied little boy... Make a god damn tackle!!!
I need a Soulja!!!
Anyone else feeling excitement in this Chili’s tonight?
When the fuck did catching the ball count as a step? Makes zero sense.
How TF was that not picked ????
That was a big man catch
FALSE START?
Game
That's gg
that's game
So no holding for the Steelers? Got it. Fair game love to see it
Go for it lol
Good time to remind everyone this team could have had kapernick if fans weren’t so racist.
✍️Hit ✍️Ben ✍️In ✍️His ✍️Elbow
Its a travesty how much this defense gets paid.
Fuck these fucking cunt refs
OF COURSE ITS JUJU the CRYBABY
[deleted]
"Fuck The Steelers. Fuck The Ravens. But most importantly, Fuck These Refs."
"Refs: Steelers are going to struggle vs this Covid team with no QB, let’s give them loads of calls"
Welp any hope is gone now. Lovely.
"I'm gonna cut RG3 some slack, that was a really good read by the DB and for his first meaningful start in years he's facing a great defense (as much as it pains me to say it), it was always gonna be a tough game."
As much as I hate the Steelers this color combo looks cool
"Hey guys browns fan, just wondering where dobbins is? Kids a stud and from my knowledge he should be cleared to play no?"
Can we please see McSorley out here? When will there be a better time
"The Steelers offense has 6 points, what a joke"
[deleted]
Hines was a decent person that's the difference
BTW blame of the game goes on the organization. Steve Saunders and other guys for not preventing COVID spread.
How was he not touched there??
Lol minkah can't catch
Is McSorely miss daddy Lamar.
"Steelers fan here, lets fucking go trace"
Think he got it unfortunately
We need Kaepernick as a backup
I'm looking at all you fake Ravens fans that were drolling at signing this bitch Juju this off-season
HE WAS DOWN
"Something about this game is pissing me off. We should lose the game, I know. But part of me feels like Harbaugh cannot coach a team up at all. He can coach to the players skill level, or bring the team down. He doesn't add any value despite what his overall W/L is."
Hollywood too scared to even make an effort on that ball lmao. Pathetic. Please trade his ass ASAP
L
Steelers fan here. This has been a crazy game!!!
"Why is rg3 in the league, he had flukey good year his rookie year but has been dogshit since."
Our defense looks so fucking bad
Our coach fucking sucks
[deleted]
That was no foul
Oh look another BS call
[deleted]
Like yall ain’t even trying
Wtf is Harbaugh doing
Bud Dupree ACL upvote party
Peters is a bitch
Peters got fucked there eh
[deleted]
Don't blame the refs for absolute dog shit clock management.
Predictable af
Why you smiling man come on
I’m a steelers fan but is patrick queen really ranked 85 out of 86 on pff??
[removed]
We should’ve done a better job in securing a solid backup. RGIII just doesn’t have it.
Is it HUNTLEY TIME!?
Bruh and some of you clowns were insisting on benching Lamar for RG3 .... this is LAMARS OFFENSE NOT ANYBODY ELSES
HE IS SO SLOW
Get a field goal so we don’t get shut out.
I'm actually winning $10 on fan duel with all Ravens except boswell
Name a more iconic duo. Ravens and musculoskeletal inquires.
this sub is so toxic
"Just a theory, but what if our guys are faking injuries to slow down the hurry up? It would be a smart way to get some guys time to catch their breath."
loool Steelers
MARLON!!!
Hump daddy
We need to produce consistent pressure inside all game. Our edge isn't gonna matter when Ben is throwing the ball in half a second
RG LOOKS SO SLOW COMPARED TO Lamar
Vintage RG3
"Wow, they let a big chance go to waste"
Steelers offense has not scored a td let’s go D
Noooooo WHAT
Bailout play by the Steelers offense lol.
I guess the strategy is let them inside the 10 then stop
Lets be honest. That was worse DPI Peters just got away with than what was called on Marlo 😂😂😂
We will take 3
Glass and paper bones Smith
Playcalling has been bad as usual but the team is playing well other than our WR's. That's gotta be our focus next offseason
we should have just forfeited we lost 2 of Corner's for multiple weeks.
"My sons reaction...

https://i.imgur.com/7ifrftQ.jpg"
Plenty of time left........
That's their first full touchdown drive of the game. All we need is a FG and a turnover. Let's goooo
I'm still mad about the end of the half. Steelers fans having the gall to say that the NFL was trying to set them up and was totally in our favor is the dumbest thing I've seen all season
Quick TD and we r still in this. But no matter what happens im so proud of these guys
Have ti go for it
At this point no more excuses Harbs
Lol Dez couldn't catch a cold
I’m a Washington fan just watching for fun and I missed the last couple minutes. What happened to RG3? And what’d else I miss something about Hollywood brown?
Trace looking real god damn good right now let me tell ya what !! /s
"11-0 ** 

I’m sad."
Peters is the worst tackler in the entire league hooleeey shit
Prayers up for the Steelers they have to play teams that are “playing well” the rest of the season
Hey lets not get our hopes to high guys!
No way they pull this off
Game
😆 he stiff armed Peters so he tripped him
Need the defense to get a stop or make a play? Nahh
[removed]
[deleted]
"Yea fake an injury you bum, your coverage sucks"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Time to give them the Gregg Williams treatment
Man we fuckin shit the bed huh
MP talking shit after getting sent to hell hahahahaha
Marcus Peters out for the rest of the game with a bruised ego.
[deleted]
No wonder rams got rid of him
[deleted]
Fire John
If we lose this game we’re not making the playoffs because the AFC is just too good this year. So who’s on board for the tank
The fact that harbaugh didn’t just get thrown out of this game tells you all you need to know about the collective spine and balls of this team.
He was down by contact
"Marcus Peters plays so soft, I legit have a hard time watching. And you'd think he'd get fired up and play harder, but nope 🙄"
Fuck the Steelers. But look guys you don’t stumble into 11-0.
No heart and no skill on this team. Before you downvote please post stats to backup your counterstance.
[removed]
So if Big Ben is a rapist why is he still playing football
This is our (for most of us) hometown team that is about to get swept by the Steelers a week after getting fucking embarrassed and made a fool of by the same team that bounced us from the playoffs and talked shit on our shield. What does it even mean to “play like a raven”?
Yo I'm not even mad that was an incredible throw.
Let me know when they start trace boys. I’m out. Fuck RGIII
[deleted]
The return of RG- Knee :(
i mean he wasnt playing the ball even a little bit.
Next time y’all complain about Lamars throwing I would like to remind you what could be
We have no right to be in this game still
[removed]
Elliot being a vagina.
0-2 against division rivals. yikes
[removed]
If this team had any balls harbaugh would not be allowed back on the sidelines because he got tossed for giving the refs all he’s worth. This team has no spirit and it starts from the top.
Just came here to see the reaction to 2 players getting injured in 1 minute and all the other problems going on lol
[removed]
6-5
Yall complaining about delay of game but the play would have ended the same. Should have taken the 3. Clock management is key and they did not play it right.
"Those damn Pittsburgh refs! Always cheating and making it so the Ravens lose! Ugh Shitsburgh, right lol bad refs cheat bad.

Edit: quick update - we'd win if our team didn't get sick. This is a fake win thanks refs

Edit 2: bet the refs are in the ASSburgh locker room getting money,  amirite? Fly high, bird brothers.

Edit 3: grabbed a cold beverage- cheers 🐦.

Edit 4: 6-5 isn't that bad of a record... we can still maybe go to the playoffs."
Hey guys let’s brigade the lions sub
"Sad thing is, our normal offense didn't play much better than this."
This is classic Bob G the third. Mediocre as fuuuck.
"Justice Hill looks so slow and why are we using him more than Gus

Edit: I will fucking shut up then"
Bowser is just trash
Jfc peters is garbage
[removed]
Most of the time - you want your backup QB to have some fucking awareness in him. what a pussy.
peters has been terrible this year
"Fire Harbaugh, done with his shit. Time to move on."
[deleted]
Can we turn into a sub about actual ravens?
"So, how come Lamar can’t throw that ball to Hollywood?

Are we using the classic Greg Roman scapegoat?"
Browns fan here. Now you guys know what it’s like to have been a Browns fan from 1999-2019.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Happy Thanksgiving ratbirds! 💋 👌👈💦💦💧💦
Karma is a bitch
"The Ravens need a new fucking backup quarterback. If no team signs Flacco to a starter contract next year than the ravens need to sign his ass.

If Lamar were to, God forbid, get injured for a season, Flacco could absolutely step in and win a Superbowl for us.

RG3 has absolutely no chance whatsoever. He's terrible. I would be a better quarterback than him"
This really sucks. Lamar is chilling on Twitter. I get he has covid but he has no symptoms. We’d be winning rn
Roethlisberger the GOAT
[removed]
Are they really playing this game?
[removed]
Fire everyone now.NOW NOT LATER FUCKING NOW. U know if you get stuffed they’re gonna pull that shit that’s on u for that and not calling a timeout right away why you wait for 5 seconds to come off. Bitches
God this team sucks so bad
I know its backups but Holy shit what happened to this offense from last year. Actually unwatchable
[removed]
[removed]
Yall really look for any excuse to blame the receivers for every single incompletion
Now the Ravens fans are going to complain obvious PI isn’t PI...
Sweep
"WAtching this team quit on defense every week and watching ravens apologists give every excuse under the sun week after week is amusing. Here’s the only excuse that bares out: this teams isn’t good at football, and has no heart."
Okay we’ve had our fun this game and showed some heart. Time to call off the dogs. We don’t need to be winning games this year we need to be tanking for draft position.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
L GARBAGE
[removed]
[removed]
Marlon isnt a top 5 cb why does this sub think he is so much?
"Fuck you Marcus Peters

Edit: good game tho, as a Steelers fan we definitely aren’t an 11-0 team imo"
[removed]
[removed]
I bought a bottle of Jack Daniels. Please help me devise a drinking game for this monstrosity that's about to go down
Everytime an  announcer calls a player by number instead of their name take a drink. It's probably because they don't know the name because they are from the practice squad...lol.
Drink everytime collinsworth compares Rg3 to Lamar
Everytime a Thanksgiving commercial comes on.
My favorite game is see if I can finish the bottle before the second half
I'm drinking during offensive penalties and I'm already buzzed
Any given Wednesday
Cheers
""
The undefeated Steelers jerk fest for 3 hours. I’ll join you on the Spanish channel 🍻
"I'm in Wales and I'm currently watching Sunday night football live, have you guys moved to Mars? Wtf is happening?

EDIT: Sorry I was being sarcastic, why do we have Sunday night football on a Wednesday? I've got a feed..."
Try sportsurge.com
Nflbite
Nflbite . com
[deleted]
"Someone at @DKSportsbook put a $25K bet on Dez Bryant to go over his receiving prop of 25.5 yards 🔥

The wager would payout $45K 

***

posted by [@br_betting](https://twitter.com/br_betting)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Would love for us to resign him. Not a pure pass rusher but overall a great SAM
Should have taken a knee...lol but yeah he’s be solid this year
He does what judon does just way better.
MY GOD HE HAS BEEN AWFUL
Who will we replace him with though. We’re just gonna have to grin and bear it.
Is it time?! 👀👀👀👀
[deleted]
""
They better bench RG3.  Boy is garbage.
[deleted]
""
lmao. G-ro still running the same plays 🤣🤣😭😭🚨
So painful to watch RG3.  Get his ass out.  Trace needs to start.
Lmao. We're about to take the lead in a game where we're completely decimated and outmatched. Chill.
Sam Koch is a better passer than Bob
Jesus christ. They aren’t benching after less than a quarter of play.
All of y’all are so delusional.  RG3 is trash and will never be a decent backup.  McSorley wins that 2nd string spot.
Lol y’all go ahead and keep downvoting.  Just wait till the end of the game.  All of you will see how trash RG3 is.  He has never been the same since his days with the Redskins.  Trace should be the true backup to LJ.  Too many close minded people on this subreddit.
""
GUS BUS PICKING UP WHERE HE LEFT OFF THE LAST TIME WE PLAYED THEM
"We’re ahead.

One point. More than zero. I’m not complaining"
[deleted]
"Collinsworth is a terrible announcer, makes false statements and nebulous comments all the time, just ignore him."
