text
[deleted]
"I don’t hate the idea but I don’t think it’s likely he’ll be in our price range. I think the most likely destination for him is whoever hires Saleh as a HC, apparently they’re very close. Maybe Detroit where he’d be able to mentor Okudah?"
"I’d love it, he’s my top 5 favorite players of all time. The problem is that he’s too expensive most likely. If he converted to safety I would be sooooo happy"
I just don't see it
"Hes probably gonna be too much money. Would rather draft a young CB  considering Peters  ain't getting younger Jimmy is probably done after this season, and beyond that we don't got much else outside of perhaps one last chance for Tavon Young before he gets cut."
He cost to much tbh
"Sherman hates Jim Harbaugh with an extreme passion, I doubt he wants to be on his brother's squad. I realize Jim and John are different but the hatred really runs deep."
I think we should go for him and ask him to convert to safety. He’s a great player but he’s not fast enough for some of these wr nowadays
Probably too expensive but it wouldn't be the first time a older vet signed for cheap to play in Baltimore. He probably wouldn't be a CB anymore though. I think he's smart enough to play safety.
"We need man corners. Sherman made a living as a cover 3 zone guy. HOFer dont get me wrong, just dont see the fit for the price he will want at his age"
I thought Richard and John Harbaugh got into a pretty heated argument last season.
"He be awesome to have but were pretty set with Hump, Peters, Jimmy, Tavon (yes ik 2 are super injury prone but there my boys)"
""
Do you buy single cards or packs
Saw this on /r/footballcards that’s a nice collection! Still trying to track down a dobbins auto for myself this year. I’ve got Ravens in a break tonight so I’m hoping he pops up.
That's a beautiful Mosaic rainbow you've got going there! What's the lowest print you have? Packer Cards 87 on YouTube is building the Jordy Nelson Mosaic rainbow if you wanted to see how yours stacks up lol
I’m actually shocked they still make sports cards.
"Wanna hear something hilarious.

I did the same thing years ago with.....Mark Clayton.

Shoot me...."
Yooo I wanna get into football cards and eventually start buying those mad expensive panini boxes.
😦😦👌👌👌
How many different cards for each player are released each year?
[deleted]
Wait......... why aren't they all naked
"That's the hot tub in Browns stadium.

Doesn't Baker Mayfield have a commercial there?

Actually, this is candid camera?"
Couldn't resist...
[deleted]
Yes if we win and browns win all 3 make playoffs. I think if colts lose then browns can make it as well.
[removed]
What say you?
""
"I mean he gave a good speech but all it’s going to do is get him out of Houston, which is probably the point."
"Regardless of his opinion, I found myself pretty intrigued that he, along with I'd assume a lot of other pro athletes would feel this type of way about him airing dirty laundry. Goes along way helping his view with the fans, hurts the way other NFL'ers look at him.

When I first heard this speech I was like right on JJ, now when Judon posts this, it makes you wonder what athletes think of JJ behind closed doors.

There were people on here yesterday saying they would LOVE JJ on our team."
"Holy shit I completely agree with Judon. This irked while listening and I fucking cringed.

People do their job and sometimes you’re not good or strong enough no matter how hard you work. Yamcha could work out everyday and would never beat krillin lol"
"You don’t throw your guys under the bus. You back your guys publicly and privately tell them to shape up.

Look at players/attached folks applauding Watt. Headhunting PoS who washed out of the league, the wives/girlfriends of perennially underperforming QBs, Brother-Fucker, etc.

Watt is the guy who narcs to the boss when you start talking about unionizing. Watt is the guy who complains that nobody else is working hard enough while having the easiest job on the floor."
"I heard those comments and I was irked because there was no way anyone on that team was quitting.

We as Ravens fans have a few words for Watt.

#Nobody Cares! Work Harder!"
"This is pretty rich from JJ who got a big fat contract despite sitting at home and watch like half of his games in the last 5 seasons.

One day you give everything to the team, the next day you are on the street begging to be signed (Dez Bryant for example)"
“bull of shit”
I think what he said was fine. He didn’t refer to anyone by name and he has sacrificed a lot for a team that has wasted his generational talent. He should come to the Ravens 👀👀👀
"Watt’s speech reminded me of Baker’s speech. Baker did a very similar thing Sunday, he said what the media thought he should say. He even said “shame on you” to the people blaming the practice squad WRs for the loss. Absolutely no one was calling out them though. That was just a way for him to “show” that he was being a leader and taking the blame for the loss- which was on him."
"I mean... he didn’t call out anyone specifically. He left it ambiguous. I assume there were guys who were not putting in effort, and I think watt has earned the right to be taken at face value. Isn’t Judon just doing what he acuses watt of doing, but taking it to the next level by mentioning his name?"
"I don’t have Instagram, what’s the context?"
"I mean if Judon thinks this is BS then good, he isn't one of the guys Watt would be preaching to. I think Judon is wrong though because I do think there are a ton of guys that need this said to them. Having the right culture, attitude and motivation is key, thankfully Judon has had that his career"
JJ Watt is and has always been a massive ass kisser. I am sure when he is done he will run for office in Texas or own a car dealership there.
I'm so conflicted by Watt's speech and Judon's response. Don't really know what to make of any of it
I 100% agree. JJ Watt is such a twat.
Lol crazy bc Houston might be the team to pay him come summer
I like what JJ said... I just hope he said it to the team before the cameras.
"Does Judon have to make a cause for calling out sportsmanship virtue signaling? Who cares, amirite? I think it’s a little corny, but there is a lot more annoying antics played up throughout the league, imo."
"I 100% feel Judon and I felt the same once I watched the JJ rant yesterday. It's cool to the media but that shit amongst your teammates, especially from a guy who hasn't had a ton of success team wise gotta feel a type of way"
"Nah I 100% side with Watt. Him and Watson are the only decent things keeping the Texans together

Regardless, why tf is Judon acting like a teenager trying to ""point out"" that Watts capping on his ig page. That just seems so... Unnecessary."
Soooo safe to say A JJ and Judon pairing won’t happen.... sad
"I'm making a trip to Maryland this week to visit some family for New Years. I'm not from Baltimore but I'm a lifelong die hard fan of this team. Anyways, I hear about this ""pop up shop at Canton Crossing"" from Garrett Downing all the time and I wanted to stop there and check it out while I was in the area. My question is when is this place open and where it is exactly? I tried finding it on maps but it looks like it's just a construction area or parking lot or something. Also, is there anything else worth checking out? Ravens themed of course. I'll just be passing through so I won't have much time. Thanks for the help in advance."
"The details are on the official ravens website with address, hours, etc."
Trust me as a fellow non native I have had much better luck at this place and they have way more variety with teams like the Os and Terps its just outside of Baltimore [here](https://www.baltimoresportsstore.com/) also super nice people if they don't have what you are looking for they will find it and ship it to you
Go check out the statues in front of the bank of course!
"They don’t have a ton of variety with jerseys, mostly Lamar, Hollywood, tucker, maybe some Mandrews? But they have some other cool gear, I bought everyone in my family something from there for Christmas lol. Plus lots of other small things like masks, keychains, etc"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/km3l69)"
I love rg3 but he’s just not good enough and too overpaid rn. Huntley and trace both honestly flashed potential to be a decent backup
Need to see more of them both to decide. Huntley looked like mini Lamar but had barely any playing time
I don’t get the trace mcsorely hype at all
"As much as I liked what I saw from Huntley, I just haven't seen enough from either him or McSorely for that matter"
This is why we need a preseason
"McSorely > Huntley > RGIII


McSorely has shown poise in high leverage situations but I am open to Huntley taking his job if he shows up in the preseason. 

RGIII gives us nothing that the other two don’t and we need the cap space cutting him offers. He was a great locker room guy and mentor for Lamar but Lamar has got it and the time has come to move on."
Why is this a question lol do u genuinely believe this is controversial OP?
"So I recall last season when the Ravens were rolling with the run game, one of the big signs I’d see of it clicking was when even the cameraman was fooled at the hand off and had to double back to get the ball carrier. I’ve noticed that seems to be happening more in the last couple of games, and there are times when even watching the replay, and KNOWING who gets the ball, it STILL seems like it went the other way. Anyone else noticing this?"
"Its Lamar’s arms...he has a competitive advantage that hide the football since its close to his skin color. 

The NFL is putting a rule in place next year that he has to wear a white skin cover over his arms so all the other quarterbacks have a chance."
""
What about Captain Insano?
Lamark Kentson
"Yeah, it's literally impossible to have a better ratio than 💯%"
The Flash
"Not to make light of this achievement and I’m sure I’ll get downvoted, but turnovers overall sure would look different which to me is the more important stat. Protect that ball Lamar!"
""
"Best comment in there is a guy claiming that they'll probably do some Browns thing, like losing to the Jets or something :D"
Lol now we have the same record and only 1 of us lost to the jets
"Mid season superbowl for them funny part is they never beat us this year and all the browns fans though they were tough shit😂 now they bitch about covid when we also took an L due to covid, the browns had a shot to beat us a couple weeks ago and they wouldnt be in this scenario, trash ass team"
That whole thread is hilarious.
I don’t understand. But please don’t explain it to me. Just Cleveland things I guess.
We should probably all stfu until after Sunday. Its not like the Bengals are strangers to fucking us out of the playoffs in week 17.
I love the guy saying he predicted “with confidence” that Baker would win a playoff game before Lamar after they were drafted. So brave to predict that the #1 pick would win a playoff game before the #32 backup QB that everyone thought would suck.
Yall motherfuckers stop going in there in bad faith and commenting lets not stoop as low as those homegirlz
"Let's laugh at the comments, but don't reply to them please. Let's not be petty"
[deleted]
"I personally hate both teams, but does tonight have any implications for us ?"
"There's no implication really the records next week decide the seeding, everyone kind of expects the starters to sit next week, they cant get the number 1"
The bills so we won’t play them and play the Steelers I guess idk bro 🤷🏾‍♂️
[deleted]
"Yes, obviously don’t brigade though guys"
Yikes
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
These porno companies just keep on pushing the limits
[deleted]
"They only won yesterday because of those bullshit PI calls. I'm glad it happened for baltimore's sake but still, does the NFL have any integrity anymore?"
Been sayin this all szn
Agreed. I hate that fucking narrative.
They've been obvious frauds since like Week 3 at the latest. I don't think a team undefeated at the halfway point of the season has ever convinced me less that they belong.
“Play down to competition” is a ludicrous phrase repeated by morons. It’s a pathetic excuse for simply being a trash team.
They beat us twice. They’re not very good right now and may be tending in the wrong direction but they aren’t that bad. I assume there will be one million reasons why the beat us incoming.
"The whole NFL has been calling that bs all season, to be fair"
They beat us twice...
The “play down to opponents” is the most retarded excuse I’ve ever heard for a team sucking.
""
To bad Skura thought he was snapping it to Sam Koch instead of Lamar
I usually dont blame shit on the weather but I live 30 minutes from Gillette there was a tornado warning nearby and without campbell and williams we got absolutely gutted in the run game
It was a monsoon.....
We threw the ball too much that day.
This season showed how important schedule is man
Yeah the loss to the Pats and the first loss to the Steelers are the two that piss me off.
"They had a weather machine seeding clouds before baltimore possessions and clearing the skies during patriots possessions. And yes the technology does exist. The Ravens are the only AFC team the Patriots have been constantly competing with the past 20 years, of course they are gonna pull out all the stops to make sure they get the win over us. It's part of the reason I think Brady left and went NFC. He knew there was no chance of getting back to a Super Bowl in the AFC. Also, why did they bring in a mobile quarterback like Cam Newton? Because that's how they felt was the only way to compete in the AFC with teams like Baltimore, Buffalo, and Kansas City. Plus, Matt Skura really fucked us in that one. Without him we probably win."
"This L was the rock bottom of our season, barring an upset next week, ofc."
"Ehh I honestly think if the weather was better we would have won. Skura slippery fingers did not help that game. 

That was the most intense rain game I've seen the ravens play in years. 

Plus we were missing 700 pounds of dline."
Any given Sunday.. it happens. As long as we make the playoffs it can be easily dismissed
"Feel like the pats are doing a good job at running at them. If we face them, that's good news for us. I feel like ravens got a good shot against them."
"I always knew they was good, so I'm not surprised they're playing good. But it's about GTA time. This a blow out"
"Really? Y'all gonna diss JJ Watt for speaking the truth about a sorry ass Texans team? You really think those boys are actually putting in effort to be that bad? JJ is a Hofer and proven leader but yeah he's total lying about the whole thing for the cameras.

I'm praying we trade for him and let Judon sorry ass walk"
[deleted]
There's bringing a team problem to the team and then there's throwing your teammates under the bus. Leaders lead instead of try to throw other guys when youre not playing up to the contract theyre paying you for.
"Watt should have kept that shit to himself or the locker. Being a drama queen in front of media and throwing players under the bus, in front of media, is never a good look."
He's too expensive. Plus I'd rather have Judon tbh. He has more good years left in him
"Nothing wrong with us, Watt should have kept that in the locker room. He's a veteran player and a team captain. Should know better."
I think it goes down to common games and I can't figure it out
Them because of Division wins
"If I am getting my seeding correct, we want the sixth seed so we can get another shot at the Steelers."
If we win. None of that matters. We’re in.
""
"Yikes. Didn't even think about this. But true. 

Lamar good"
Stop it! r/browns is already dead! /s
"If Jackson has a weakness, in my mind, it's not ""his passing"" or at least if it is his passing that is an outgrowth of his real weakness, which is that he believes he HAS to carry the entire team.  When his passes go wrong it's because the running game isn't working and he's in ""carry the whole team"" mode.

The fact that he actually CAN carry the whole team, way more often than anyone I've ever seen play football* just reinforces that tendency in him.  When the plan isn't working and other players have quit on the game mentally, he thinks he can just will the team to victory, and he's often right, but sometimes he's not and those are the games that people who criticize ""his passing"" point to.

When the plan is working, he passes well.  When he's forced into ""carry the team"" mode and having a good day he still passes well, like at the end of the Browns game. When he's forced into ""carry the team"" mode and just having a normally sub-optimal day, you know . . . like a human being, that's when his passes don't work.  His running game usually still works in that case, but if they're behind at that point (which they would have to be to get him into ""carry the team"" mode), the running game isn't going to be enough and he forces passes.

\* my football watching is limited to about 95% of all Ravens games and maybe five or six other games a season.  Also, I think Ray Lewis and Ed Reed and a few other Ravens stars had the same drive to ""carry the team"" but if you're playing QB that drive is magnified fivefold.  It's hard to consistently carry the team from Ray and Ed's positions."
Weird...could’ve sworn Lamar was an RB...
"We also saw what happens when a team has some of the best running backs in football, and doesn't run the ball."
Post this to r/nfl
Incoming whiny Browns fans....
"Sarah has been our best writer for years, change my mind"
F.A.C.T.S
"The companion piece to this is, of course, Josh Allen, who’s just ballin all over the place this year with our boy Diggs. There’s clearly a lot else that goes into it, but if 50% of this Josh Allen surge is because Diggs showed up, we gotta get the Llama a stud....though in fairness, Andrews is a stud."
I mean. I'll defend LJ to the end of the Earth and I believe the Browns have a ton of skill position talent but it's a big difference between a Pro Bowl WR and practice squad WRs with no first team reps.
Put some respect on LLAMAAAA
"While I’m happy for Darren Waller, it really hurts to think about what could have been. Waller would have been the PERFECT target for Lamar. A huge body with a wide catch radius who you can catch any type of ball you throw to him. It hurts to know we drafted him, had him on the roster and he left and will probably be one of the best in the league in the next year or two."
#SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE BROWNS FANS LURKING IN THE BACK
"I hate the Browns as much as anybody but this Tweer is pretty unfair. Lamar hasn’t had a pro bowl WR but he has had a pro bowl TE, which probably suits him better than a pro bowl WR.

And more importantly, Baker wasn’t just missing his pro bowl WRs (and has in fact looked better since one of them went down) he was working with no WR that he had ever thrown a competitive pass to."
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I love my QB
🗣🗣🗣
"Meh. The receivers Baker Mayfield had this weekend were worse than any receivers Lamar has ever used. They're wildly different players. When the passing game isn't working, Lamar can make things happen with his legs that Baker (and like 28 other starting QB's in the NFL) just can't.

But given the receivers the Browns used this week, it's not really a fair comparison. Any one of Brown, Snead, Boykin, Bryant, or Duvernay probably would have been the best receiver on the Browns roster this past weekend. It's pretty deceiving to talk about how they were ""without pro bowl WRs,"" when in reality those receivers weren't even on an active roster a week ago. It's beyond just using below average wide receivers."
Baker had to work with practice squad receivers with little to no preparation. Not the same thing.
"Lamar Jackson regular season record as a starter 29-7, 0.806 winning percentage.

Baker Mayfield regular season record as a starter 22-22, 0.500 winning percentage.

In 8 less starts, Lamar has 7 more wins that Mayfield.

Head to Head record as starters Lamar 4 - Mayfield 1."
I like Sarah Ellison.
You know what guys I’m just gonna say it.  I think Lamar Jackson is really good.
"So check this out: [https://overthecap.com/spending-on-offense-and-defense-in-the-nfl/](https://overthecap.com/spending-on-offense-and-defense-in-the-nfl/)

I can't even begin to fathom what the Ravens Front Office is doing when it comes to the offense.

Every team even remotely by the Ravens in offense are either rebuilding, have terrible offenses, and are looking for a QB. None of those teams are actively trying to win a SB this year.

Yet the Ravens thought it a good idea to send their MVP out with that type of offensive support. If you DOUBLE what the Ravens are doing on offense they are STILL in the bottom 1/4 of the NFL.

I have no words."
"One of the things that confuses me about Baker though...in his rookie season where he appeared to be the possible top of his class, he was doing it WITHOUT Beckham, ~~Chubb~~, Hunt, and Landry (part of the year?). He was doing it with guys I didn’t know and have since forgotten. I couldn’t have possibly imagined he’d be so mediocre after they added all those pieces and I’m stoked to have been wrong about thinking he was something to be afraid of in our division, even if I don’t yet understand how he got worse with more talent"
"In bakers defense, he did have to force feed OBJ which staggered their offense. That’s part of the reason he’s been better since OBJ’s injury. Still none the less, Lamar’s clearly doing much more with much less."
I wanted the Ravens to trade for DJ Chark before the deadline but now he will likely stay in Jacksonville to pair with Trevor Lawerence
Unpopular opinion but I think we have better RBs than cleveland.
SAY IT LOUDER
"She’s not wrong, you know..."
Lol this got removed from /r/NFL
"How great would it be for Browns to sign BM to a long term deal, then release him after 2022?  

No one thinks Lamar has reached his ceiling.  As long as he plays his game and doesn’t try to be Mahomes he’s going to destroy AFC North for another 10years.  Cleveland and Steelers battling for the basemen!"
"We have been better or significantly better at like 80% of positions up until this year. Lamar is better than Baker but the difference is not as wide as this passage makes it out.

Also our wide receivers haven't been great but there is a large difference between, Boykin, Snead, Hollywood, and guys off the street who have practiced almost 0 with the QB. The things are not =."
"I don't know if I agree with that. On one hand the scheme the Ravens run is only possible because of Lamar, on the other hand guys like Fluker might not be the best all around player but he is great fit for this scheme. I think that's true for a number of guys on the offense, they aren't a universal fit  for every team but they fit what the Ravens want to do."
"Their top receiver in that game was an undrafted rookie who was on the practice squad until december 14th. Hollywood, willie snead, dez bryant, even duvernay and boykin are better than that. Horrible take, Bakers situation was 10x worse."
"This could be a chicken and egg thing though. Because we aren’t ever going to have a pro bowl WR running this style of offense. We have 2800 yards passing as a team. 1100 of those are to TEs and RBs. Not to mention it’s been scientifically proven that for all the great things our front office and coaching staff do, they can’t draft and develop a WR to save their lives. Blocking isn’t an appealing job for free agents either."
Sarah Ellison...you couldn't have said it better
We have Hollywood Boykin Dez and Snead. This lady is so biased it’s crazy. Baker had PRACTICE SQUAD WRs. That’s a whooooollle lot different. I like Baker. He’s improved so much this year.
"I’m just saying this is a bullish narrative. It’s not the fact Baker lost his WRs. It’s the fact Baker lost the WRs he practiced with all week less than 24hours before the game. If baker had the week to work with the 2 practice squad WR and the newly signed WR from 3 weeks for an entire week, it’s prolly a different outcome. Hell the new #1 WR had no idea what he was doing. Would Lamar do the same thing if he lost Andrews Brown and others 24 hours before a game. Who knows but it proves nothings. Again bulls hit narrative"
"This just comes off like an inferiority complex. Nobody cares, work harder."
Who's gonna be the soulja to post this to r/browns
[deleted]
We brought in Huntley as our QB2 and a practice squad TE. Forgot his name lol
Willie Snead is Emergency QB3
Yea
Seems like the bills are the little kid that got bullied by his step dad for years and now he's big and strong and the step dad is old and fat and the kid is kicking his ass and repaying him for all the torture he put up with growing up.
I would love footage of that to show to my from New England wife.
"Unpopular opinion, I’d still rather see the patriots over the bills, they are the same as the browns to me, so fuck’em and I can’t wait until they slip back into being trash"
"I don’t know how long Bill’s act is going to play in New England if they don’t get better in the next couple seasons. I would put my money on Bill turning things around there, but his post game press conference was just brutal. It was kinda funny when they were dominant, but now that they suck his act is pretty off-putting. Another two losing seasons and they’ll be completely fed up. 

I get that it has to be annoying to answer reporter questions win or lose and that most answers are just a word salad of cliches, but it is quite literally the reason for all of this. If you don’t have fans, you aren’t playing games or getting paid millions. Just man up and answer questions like a normal person.  His “answer” to every question came across as you are too stupid for me to give you a real answer, you just wouldn’t understand so I’m not going to say anything."
Who do you think we could pick up or trade for in the off season next year. I’m thinking maybe Allen Robinson or Kenny Golladay.
Need to focus on resigning our own players and the draft. Not much cap space for free agency splashes without significant roster sacrifice.
I really want Allen Robinson with us
"Robinson would be great, but it would probably mean losing some guys on defense. Personally, I'm all for it."
"Even if we let our top 3 pass rushers go to make room for a top WR, there’s no guarantee they sign here. It’s not as simple as saying we want them—they have to agree to sign here. Lamar is/was MVP and all we could get was Dez."
"What I want to see: either resigning Ngakoue or signing Robinson

What EDC is going to do: resign Bowser and address WR with a cap casualty like Brandin Cooks or Alshon Jeffery to preserve Ngakoue and Judon's comp picks"
"Allen Robinson has 100 catches this year, 1200 yards, 6 TDs...

Last year he had super similar numbers. Almost 100 catches, almost 1200 yards, 7 TDs

That dude is going to be WAY too expensive for us."
"Let’s discuss the scenario of us traveling to Buffalo in the playoffs. I’m watching them crush the Pats right now, as much as I realize the Pats are a 6-8 team, Buffalo seems like they’re doing really dang good. Hoping our secondary comes to play."
If we can take Diggs out of the game we can take them in most other aspects. I’d hope we put Humphrey on him
If peters and smith are playing I think we smoke them
"We will run it down their throats and beat Josh Allen up like we did last year. We have the talent and personnel to go score for score with them AND the chiefs honestly if Lamar is playing HIS game and not trying to be somebody else. Which was the case earlier this year in week 3. Good thing is, I think he’s learned that lesson.."
"[To be the man you gotta beat the man](https://youtu.be/CU4e_HTbANg)

^^^Diggs ^^^is ^^^scary ^^^tho"
"I don't want to face them.

I have a few friends who are Bills fans. They are good people. I would love to see them go deep just not at our expense.  I think Buffalo is well due another shot.  If not us, I would prefer it be them."
"Below average run defense vs dobbins, gus, and lamar? Should be easy"
If our defense is healthy and we don't try and get cute on offense no team can stop us
"I envision a bunch of splash plays after Allen escapes pressure/sack finishes. Our secondary, even those playing, seem hampered. I don’t think it’s a good matchup at all."
""
Lamar made the same complaint after we faced the Colts.
Spygate 2.0??
Diggs and Allen are cooking. Really do not want to see this team in the playoffs if we are to make it. Scare me more than the Chiefs
[deleted]
"We don't even need a WR 1 the caliber of Diggs/Hopkins. We just need a WR with the caliber of someone like Boldin. The way this offense runs the ball(even against good run defenses), it levitates some of the need for top tier WR. Someone like Allen Robinson would be perfect, but I'm not sure EDC will spend money on him yet(we gotta pay Bowser and Judon or Yannick this off-season. Then next off-season we gotta pay Mark Andrews or Orlando Brown)."
How much of Allen’s breakout season would you credit to Diggs?
"The Chiefs have more weapons. Against Buffalo, Wink can scheme and put Humphrey or a bracket over Diggs. Problem contained."
Bills showing why we should've pulled the trigger on drafting another Terp WR
I always called Diggs a whiney bitch. Always saying he was a WR1 but being treated like a WR2/3 in Minnesota. I always called him a WR2 and thought he was like all of those NBA players out there trying to build a super team. Boy was I ever wrong. He wanted to be traded to a team that would treat him like a WR1 and my god is that ever apparent. He is a bonafide WR1 and was bang on regarding his accusations. I love watching him play and I would imagine DeCosta has taken notice. This year's free agency will be electrifying.
"It's unlikely we play them in the first round. 

Bills will probably want that 2 seed, and either a Bills win or a Steelers loss next week clinches it for them. This means we would have to fall to the 7 seed to face them, which also is unlikely unless we lose and one of the Colts or Browns lose too. 

But it could still happen. Hoping it doesn't."
Their second TD was to a lineman.......
"Im not seeing much out of the rest of the team though, you can't count on 2 players to win playoff games. Unless its just Derrick Henry and the kicker"
I feel like we have this exact same post every time Diggs has a great game and honestly it’s warranted.
"Yea I don't want to see them either, but scare you more than the chiefs?!?!?! Now you're kind of exaggerating lol."
I think the bills are my pick to win the Super Bowl. I’d love to see what llama could do with a receiver like diggs
"Allen + Diggs is the new Stafford + Megatron. 

Different receivers obviously... but same level of chemistry. They both make each other great and the team great."
"Ah, the weekly ""Bills won, look at their weapons"" post."
"i am also scared of the titans. or at least was, they seem to have fallen apart"
"Honestly, the way the Ravens are playing, I would take them over Bills. Diggs and Allen are phenomenal, don't get me wrong, but you take away the deep threat with pressure and you shut that game down entirely. We tried and failed against the chiefs, but I don't think Allen has the same toolbox mahomes does. I think Lamar would do better against a Bill defense than Allen would do against a healthy Raven D. We might not even have to wait long to find out."
""
"1. Hayden Hurst,
1. L Freaky,
3. OBJ,
3. Mark Jr.,
4. Kenny “Marcus Peters” Young,
6. Bozeman,
6. D. Elliott,

UD. Gus Edwards

The amount of no-name players taken in the 2nd round and after by every other team is astounding also. Makes it even more special."
" 1996-Jonathan Ogden at 4. Ray Lewis at 26.
Set this franchise to be a winning organization from Day 1."
"Little early to know this, but it was certainly a great draft. 2020 I think will be another good one. 2019 was kind of a dud, even if Hollywood turns it around. Almost nothing else in that draft is worth a fuck."
2nd best after 1996? Does 2 HoF’rs lock 96 in as the best?
"Here me out. 


Keenan Allen, showed great chemistry with Lamar in the Pro Bowl. Maybe wants to play for a Right Now winner instead of rebuild with Justin Herbert. Tall, fast possession receiver.


AJ Green. Getting up there in age. (A lot like former Baltimore Ravens free agent receivers)
Wants to win. Looks like he doesn't want to rebuild with Burrow. Very tall receiver.


Both these guys might just sign a friendly contract for a couple years if they can win. Also Dez is doing some great advertising right now talking up how great Baltimore is along with other players talking about how great it is to be in Baltimore. Players coming back to retire, players missing Baltimore when they leave etc.. 
I think these guys might be our two best Free agent options. Keenan Allen is a really interesting one because they have plenty of young WRs. 


Or my favorite option Dez Bryant returns to his former glory while in Baltimore. Let me know what you guys think in the comments"
[deleted]
"I really like the Keenan Allen one. He is the kind of route running technician that we need. He can beat man coverage reliably, my only concern is injury related. He also is a California guy, would be hard to pry him back to the East coast"
"Seems like the Chargers are a healthy Derwin James and one more draft pick away from doing damage in that conference.

An AJ Green is pretty comp to Dez Bryant

While I'm not excited about it, Gallup from Dallas seems like a fit.  

I think OJ Howard is coming to Bmore and we'll just keep taking WR draft prospects. We can't really afford an expensive WR if we want to retain some talent that we already have in house.  Good options though, I'd take Allen for sure"
"Can't afford Allen, Green can't stay on the field, but Dez might be affordable. And while Dez has a head start on all of them with chemistry and the playbook, I don't think we'll use him as a WR1."
"I don’t think Chargers are that far away. They have a legit offense. And their defense is good, injuries hit them hard"
"Allen just signed a contract extension, (4yr $80M),so not sure how they afford to pay Lamar and everyone else that due and pick up Allens contract.  As for AJ Green,well he can never keep healthy ( last full season was in 2017) and if this team is in a SB window I would think they would want someone they can count on ."
Keenan Allen just signed a 4 yr. $80 million extension in September.
"Keenan Allen just resigned with the chargers. Ain’t no way he’s getting traded. Too much dead cap. 

Give me Corey Davis."
"I just can't see a solid #1 wr coming to a run first team in free agency. They're numbers will go down, as will any future contracts. We either need to draft receivers, or bring in a vet, probably in their 30's. 

This has historically been an issue that even Harbaugh has eluded to when he said this past off-season that, ""receivers will want to come here now""."
Herbert is a stud. Allen isn’t going anywhere. Their defense fell apart late in several games or they’d be in contention.
I don’t think any wide out will sign a contract friendly deal to play with the ravens unfortunately. I think the ravens will consider giving a good receiver a nice final contract. But they must be able to block.
I really dont want to waste the cap space on a 30 year old reciever past their prime.
A bunch of old dudes way past there prime isn't the answer
"I think we can use O. Brown in a trade, maybe sign n trade for a WR like Robinson in Chicago.  Brown has demonstrated he’s a stud LT n teams will pay.  It’s worth considering."
Lol. Go figure Keenan showed chemistry. Damn. I still dream of Lamar’s improvisation paired with Hopkins’ catch radius.
[deleted]
"I hope he has had someone checking in with him on meals and workouts and stuff. He had a tendency to get overweight in the off season. His last year, if I remember right, he came into camp at what he called ""30-40 pounds above his playing weight."" 


That would put him him at 6 feet tall and pushing 400 pounds."
He is great at what he is supposed to do which is stuff the run and free up space for linebackers. Not a 3 down player but very talented at his job
"I honestly have no idea. He was always propped up as a great run stuffer, but our run defense was always horrible any time Brandon Williams wasn't there next to him. 

I hope he shows up in good shape and plays well for you guys, but to me he was always a bit overrated."
"As long as he's in shape and healthy, he can be an anchor to your D-line and make the players around him look better."
There’s been maybe three ravens defenders that have left the ravens and made an impact. I imagine Micheal piece will be one of those players who performance was part of the system rather that individual talent. So many teams over pay for our players. Pierce was just another role player that we don’t miss. But he was a package lineman who was inserted in run plays.
"I thought he was really good his first couple years, just a mammoth body that took up blockers and stuffed the run. Wouldn’t be a stud, but was a great piece to build a solid run defense around. He was also an undrafted free agent so it worked well for us. He seemed to trail off his last year or two here but I still wanted him back. I remember when everyone was down on Brandon Williams and wanted Pierce over Williams! However, he seemed to have a bit of a falling out with the coaching staff his last year here and that may have contributed to his lackluster play, he knew he wouldn’t be back and was just going through the motions.

I think he’ll be a solid role player for you, you probably won’t hear his name much but he’ll help make other players on the line standout. He does need to stay motivated and in shape for this to happen though, he had some problems with that here."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Browns fans have been worse than ever I'm all for getting them knocked out
"Considering the circumstances, no"
Nah I want them to win too so browns can be completely pushed out
"Now hear me out, they can be eliminated with a tie"
I’m more concerned about the Browns than the Steelers
No I want the browns eliminated for the memes
"I’d love to see the Steelers win cuz fuck the browns. Steelers are already in, so a loss for them would do nothing, but if the browns lose they’re out which would be funny as hell. Unfortunately tho that means that the Steelers have nothing to play for and are likely gonna be resting key players so it’s likely they’ll lose anyways"
No lol We want to the Steelers
Steelers are in either way so may as well root for them to fuck over the Browns
"seeing as the ***only*** way browns are gone, then i think this is perfectly acceptable"
Better for the Ravens the Steelers win so yes
Y’all really talking about blowing it??? If we lose to the BENGALS we doesn’t deserve to progress to the playoffs.
"If you want them to win so that it helps us, that’s acceptable. Otherwise, FTS."
Fuck the Steelers. I just want the Browns to lose. Not rooting for any team to win. Just want Browns to lose.
"We want to play the Steelers in round one, not Buffalo.  So whatever it takes for that to happen."
"Yes, it is bad and you should feel bad for saying it.

The football gods are like Conan the Barbarian's god. Just as they smote the steelers for trying to politic a win they'll smote us cheering for math than the blood of our enemies."
"No. People will shame you possibly, but there's nothing wrong with wanting the best for your team, even if it is also the best for your rival. For example, there's nothing wrong with the Steeler rooting for the Browns because they want to make the playoffs above anything else."
"I can't root for the Steelers to win, but I will root for the Browns to lose."
"Short answer: yes

Long answer: did you really just say you want the f'n Steelers to win? There is never an acceptable time to cheer for the enemy. Make sure you turn in your purple jersey on the way out traitor.

Fuck Pittsburgh"
"It'd be funny if the Browns missed the playoffs, and it would keep a historic streak of missing the playoffs alive.

However, I respect the Browns more than the Steelers. I think they're a better team. I want them in the playoffs seeded lower than us. Why? Because if a lower seeded WC team wins their matchup, then that team has to play KC in week two instead of us. I think the Browns could win against any of the division winners (except KC)."
[deleted]
"Could you imagine posting this to the Ravens subreddit instead of just Googling ""NFL Playoff Seeding""?"
bills are 2 seed with win or steelers loss
"As of right now, bills are the 2 seed, they hold the tiebreak over the steelers"
""
Man I am not anti vax and will get the vaccine but we also need to know more about the side effects of it. Afaik this is new technology.
Makes me want us to sign Russell Okung and really see people go apoplectic.
"Personally I’m extremely disappointed. Queen was becoming one of my favorite players in the team but I won’t be watching stuff like this. Reposting misinformative anti-vax BULLSHIT as someone with a large follower base is extremely dangerous.

I won’t link the video since it doesn’t deserve any more attention than it already has but if you wanna see it, you’ll find it in his ig story."
"You can either get vaccinated, not get covid, and be able to go meet up with your mates, go to the pub, go on holiday, do what you want to do. 

Or don’t get the vaccination, we all stay in lockdown and keep dying. Your call."
"He's 21 - It doesn't make it right, but again, he's 21! He's a baby.

He will likely remove it by noon."
"I mean I don’t really care it’s a free country he is allowed to think what he wants 

Just because he is well known doesn’t mean he has to have the same beliefs as you"
I really don’t care about any player’s political leanings.
"He may be a great young player on our team, but this is just idiotic. Wtf Queen 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️"
Hide this before anybody sees this please
"To be clear, it appears as though he is against the covid vaccine, and not vaccines in general. This is very misleading in that regard, and shame on you for being so broad with a players reputation at stake. Secondly, Queen is not an outlier, many people are suspect of the covid vaccine while still supporting vaccinations in general. If anything, science has given people enough reason to be cautious over a vaccine becoming available for the first time ever without going through years of testing."
"Let him live in his own world bro, it doesn’t affect u"
[deleted]
"At this moment, the Steelers. They’ve been completely found out."
Hell give us the Steelers in the WC round and the Titans in the 2nd round. And then beat KC in the AFC  Championship round. Revenge tour complete.
Either Titans or Steelers I can’t choose between them two
I hope you guys take the Steelers down.
"Steelers one half... And Titans the other 😅

If I had to choose, the Titans - because that Playoff loss hurts a touch more right now."
In the playoffs forgot to put in title
"Easily the Steelers, tits offense is lethal to our defense."
"Steelers. No question.

They barely beat our practice squad and we couldn't even muster up a ful game day roster.

I am not positive we can completely contain Henry just yet. Maybe just enough, but everyone steps their game up in January."
Titans. Steelers in the afc championship game
"Easiest strength of schedule this year, let's keep it going!  If we play titans I don't think we move on."
"More than likely the bills or titans, it's a long shot to play the steelers"
""
"Nope - I love them all

But I am imagining and having faith that if we win on Sunday that Judon, Yannick, Williams, Humphrey, Campbell etc etc - I could list everyone for days lol 

To get us to the Super Bowl LV

That would be so much better."
They should appear to Lamar like the force ghosts at the end of Return of the Jedi after we win the super bowl.
"I've only been watching the NFL seriously now for about 2 years, I've been a causal fan for many years. But I've decided to jump on the Ravens camp awhile back and looking at what we've done this year, and what we are facing next year I'd thought I'd share my 2 cents and see what your thoughts are. Im fully aware my opinions are going have all kinds of holes. So lets get to it

Steve Bisciotti the owner has said his goal in owning the Ravens is to have a team that contends for the play off every single year. I like that goal, so lets look at our division.

**Our Division**

* Steelers, Ben Roethlisberger is an all star MVP, superbowl ring QB. Not only that he has good weapons to throw too. Tomlin is an experienced and succesful coach. 
* Browns, Mayfield is coming into his own, they have a ton of talent both in the passing and run game. With their new head coach they are going be real contenders
* Bengals: Well I'm of the opinion that their owners are cheap cunts, they got Joe Borrow who showed flashes of brillance before he was injuried. Not only that they got really rock solid draft position and its highly likely they are going be talent stacking, they are going be real contenders, although they also may not.

I would argue our division is one of the toughest to succeed in. And I think next year its going be even harder.

**2021 Game Plan**

In short, we gotta let Lamar be Lamar. He's one of the best rushing QBs in the league, the thing is EVERYONE FUCKING KNOWS THAT, so we gotta also make sure Lamar has weapons around him to rely on in the pass game and that is something that I know we suck at. Now going into 2021 we got 28.4 mill in estimated cap space. 

**Draft**

I don't follow college football too closely so I'm not entirely sure on what talent we got coming into the draft, but if I was in charge of drafting this would be the order I would work in

* Round 1: Draft a WR I want someone really fast, that can juke and move and get YAC
* Round 2: Draft a TE I want someone that's a capable blocking, and fast to help with our run game. I also want someone that can catch when needed
* Round 3: Draft a safety or edge rusher
* Round 4: I want someone for the offensive line
* Round 5: I would either a safety or Edger rusher (which one I get will depend on what I found in round 3)
* Round 6: Its going depend on whats left, but I'm potentially looking at someone on offensive line as more depth, maybe a HB, or maybe even a QB.

**Roster Moves**

**QB**

* RG3 is not getting resigned, I'm sorry but cap space is a thing and with Trace I don't see why we need to resign him
* Trace is still on our roster till 2022, he showed he can be a capable back up
* We can rely on Tyler Huntley for our 3rd string QB
* Or if that fails and we don't draft anyone in the draft for QB in the 6th round we can maybe look at taking on Haskins who was just released from the Washington for cheap. I know he has behavioral issues, but as a back up QB I think he is serviceable. FYI This would be my last resort for my 3rd string QB

**HB/FB**

* Ingram, I'm looking to trade him we are probably going need the cap space for Gus Edwards. I knmow he's been on our team for a long time but between all our RBs he's one of the least productive and I just don't think paying a 30 year old RB is a good move. And to be honest I wouldn't even care what I get for him in the trade.
* Gus Edwards his rookie contract is up, He's done well for us, I'm looking to resign him to 3-4-5 deal with a yearly cap hit of around 5-7 mill
* JK Dobbins and Justice Hill are still on rookie contracts I like em, we keep em
* We might draft a HB in the draft, we'll see
* Patrick I really like him, he's good to have, next year is the last year of his contract we'll have to see how things go

**WR**

This...this needs work

* Willie Snead: HE's one of our best WR but he hasn't produced a lot of yardage...if we keep him for a good price I'm fine with resigning him...if not it was nice having you around but good bye.
* Brown: Rookie contract he isn't going anywhere
* Chris Moore: He's gone
* Miles Boykin: I wanna see if I can trade him if I can't fill another hole keep him but he hasn't produced much. 
* Devin Duverney: We still got him on a pretty cheap contract
* James Proche I might look to trade him or keep him
* DeAndrew White: I know he was hurt,m but even looking at his career he has a grand total of 93 yards...I'm not interested in him at all
* Antoine Wesley: He was hurt in 2020, still a rokkie rookie contract maybe he'll surprise us
* Dez Bryant I'm resigning, to a 1 or 2 year deal. Even if his stats are the best he's our most senior veteran WR and I think we need that
* De'Anthony Thomas 6 years in the league, best season was 143 yards...it was nice knowing you but good bye.

**TE**

* Nick Boyle: I'm not sure on this one, might want to trade him...but we will see I don't know if I could trade him.
* Mark Andrews: Love this man, in 2022 I guess he'll be naming his price
* Jacob Breeland: Might be cutting him, lets see how he healed up
* Eric tomlinson: He's gone

**Offensive Line**

If I don't mention them its because I don't have an opinion

* Ronnie Stanley: I hope he comes back healthy I like him and I think our season would ahve been much better with him
* Matt Skura: resigning him
* DJ Fluker: Not sure...might resign him if i can get a good price but I also wouldn't be upset if he walks

**Defensive Line**

If I don't mention them its because I don't have an opinion

* Yannick Ngakoue: Resigning him
* Derek Wolfe: If I can resign him for a good price I'm keeping him
* Justin ellis: Same
* Jihad Ward: Same

**Line Backers**

If I don't mention them its because I don't have an opinion

* Matt Judon: Its going be tough to pay him, but I'm going try my best
* Tus Bowser: If I can get him for a good price resigning
* Pernell McPhee: If I can resign him for a good price I'm taking him

**Secondary**

If I don't mention them its because I don't have an opinion

* Jimmy Smith: if I can keep him to a 1 or 2 year deal and its decent I'll resign
* Anthony Levine: I think its time we part ways
* Jordan Richards: If I can keep him for under 1 mill..sure
* Tramon Williams: I think its time we part ways
* Davonte Harris: If I can keep him for a good price he is in
* Terrell Bond: lets see about his injury

**Special Teams**

Justin and Sam are around for a couple more years

Morgan Cox our LS is a free agent...if he's willing to stay on for about the same cash I got no issues with him

**Free agency**

Obviously I'll be looking to fill any holes in my roster in that, but yea."
Yea this definitely screams casual fan lol.    Well written and all but this is gonna get eviscerated.
"I think you overvalue our players in the trade market.  Nobody is going to give up anything for guys like Proche, Boykin, and Ingram.  

Proche has done a fine job returning for one.  There’s no reason to let a 2nd year player walk who is only an $800k cap hit; especially when they’re already showing value their rookie year.  

Boykin is also a low cap hit at $1.06 mill.  While he might not be the number 2 WR we hoped for, he’s a more than capable blocker and if you told me a WR would cost $1mill next season and catch have 250 yards and 3-4 TDs and he’s a great run blocker on the outside, I think any GM would take that value."
Trade nick Boyle WTF are u on my guy
Bruh they're not going to trade half the team...
No one is going to want Ingram dude. More than likely he will retire after this year or take a vet minimum somewhere else but its more than likely he will retire.
Lmao this whole post is hilarious
Damn so you just gonna trade the whole team because they had one bad year 😂
Yeesh.
Bonds aint even on the team anymore bruh
"No. More. WRs.

We have enough and given our track record on developing WRs, we should look to bringing in outside talent. However, we have Dez, Snead, Hollywood, Boykin, Duvernay, and some more rotational guys mostly for ST.  

We have some serious needs. No Pass Rushers once Judon leaves in FA and Ngakoue is far from certainly staying on. No free safety exposing our CBs.

So here’s the plan. Tag Judon and package him and Trace with our first round pick to the Jets for the second overall pick. Take Penei Sewell with that pick. 

We need to keep Cox. Paying him at pro bowl LS price is no big bother."
""
🔥
Trynna link their IG page?
Thats pretty damn good but doesnt the raven logo have an eyeball. Also what is the upvote icon supposed to be?
Your cousin did a bomb ass job! I love the picture!
Ok but how much do they do these for because this is FIRE
That sick.. I cant even draw a stick man \*cries inside\*
That’s some talent right there.
Looks great
"So word on the street Washington is releasing CB Collins, and drafting a WR 1st. So we should trade them CB Tavon Young and a 2022 2nd. He's worth it bruh, maybe even a first"
"Word on the street? Lmao


Also you’re not getting a player and a 2nd round pick for a guy who has played less than 4 games two years in a row lol"
"I’m a Washington fan who follows the Ravens closely, so lemme get a few things straight. 

1: We don’t have a CB named Collins. If you’re thinking about Landon, he’s a SS, and if we released him it would be cause Kam Curl (7th rd rookie) has looked like a stud in his absence, and costs almost 20m/yr less. Our CB group is extremely solid, and the last thing we need is an injury prone slot CB. (Although tavon is very good when healthy)

2: Terry is under 25 yrs old, has 2 years left on rookie contract, is already a captain, and would be the #1 receiver on 75% of teams in the league. There’s a 0% chance we’re looking to trade him. Literally 0. On top of that, he loves the team, and isn’t the type of player to quit on his team. I don’t know who your “sources” are, but I’m sorry to tell you that they’re extremely misinformed.

3: I highly doubt we draft a WR with our first, as there are a ton of great FA’s available. And the reason we’re targeting WR in general is so we have a guy to take some coverage AWAY from Terry. If we got rid of him, whoever we sign is just gonna get all of the coverage Terry gets now, but perform worse because teams don’t let Terry caliber receivers walk.

4: He’s worth at least a 1st, and one that’s higher than whatever pick you’re going to finish with."
It's a little early to be that high.
"Man I cannot wait for the off season with this guy posting more.  It could be one of the funniest profiles here since “Law So Hard”.  You have the same sources as all the thirteen year olds that retweet anything and then when one of the tweets is right they’re all the sudden an insider!  You stink of Covid loneliness and I hope that gets better for you! 

If you take a quick cruise through this guys profile it could be it’s own sub of horrible opinions and poorly made up stories. If y’all want a good laugh, check his post in relationship advice, i saw it a few weeks back when he posted one of his other Madden ideas for the Ravens 2021 roster. I won’t give it away but it’s a doozie of made up nonsense."
"This post doesn't make sense,why would they be willing trade their best player on offense who is still on his rookie deal only to replace him with an unproven rookie wr, when they clearly need to draft a qb in the first round."
"hypothetically if that were true, if i were WFT i would want more than an injury prone CB and a 2nd for terry forsure. he is definitely top 10-15 in the league imo."
If we win on Sunday vs the Bengals. Who will we possibly play in the first round ? I’ve heard all type of answers but we are currently a 6th seed which means we would play the 2nd as of right now. What we chance come that win Sunday?
"The first round of playoffs will be 2nd seed vs 7th, 3rd vs 6th, 4th vs 5th. That being said it really all depends on how things shake out this coming weekend, but it looks pretty likely we play the Titans or Colts depending on who wins that division"
"If, and that’s *only if* we win, we can either be the 5 or 6 seed depending on what the dolphins do."
"If the Colts (vs Jags), Titans (vs Texans), and Bills (vs Dolphins) all win, we get the Titans.

If the Dolphins win, we get the Steelers with a Browns win and the Bills with a Steelers win.

We get the Colts if the Bills, Colts, and Texans win."
""
 Fuck this scumbag
This is such a bad look and the organization is gonna get rightfully  bent over a barrel for it.
Fuck this guy
Fire his ass. Dude put actual lives in danger because he is an arrogant clown. Don't trust his judgement at all.
Imagine causing this much pr damage at a desk job and not getting fired.
THIS DUMB FUCK!!!
**Fire Saunders**
Steve Saunders must go.
""
"Like *anyone* anyone? By my reckoning DeAndre Hopkins is the best in the league, so I'll say him. Of the receivers either hitting free agency or likely to be a cap casualty, Allen Robinson seems like the best option."
[deleted]
"Trade Mark Ingram for Julio Jones and a 2nd rounder 

😅 

But actually though: ARob, Godwin (but he's a pipe dream and a half). If we get Juju I will fucking riot"
Allen Robinson
"I think we should go overkill. Sign golladay, Godwin, or Allen robinson(preferably Robinson), and draft a receiver in the first two rounds like Bateman, Olave, St. Brown, Wallace, Marshall"
"Anyone who can beat man coverage who isn’t like 5’10” like basically all of our WRs.

Not saying it’s possible to get him but amari copper would be amazing. He and davante are my picks for bets route runners/release artists in the league."
I have day dreams about us trading for Tyler Locket.
"Justin Jefferson is an amazing route runner one of the best in the league, yes already. If you watch breakdowns of what he can do already you would be surprised."
All big possession receivers.  They should just line up all tight ends and not worry about the receiver position :)
"I think I would prefer Travis Kelce over any WR in the league

\- He can still take the top off of the defence

\- He  is a mismatch for every defender in the league

\- He can dominate safeties in the run game

I think the Key to the Ravens success recently has been they have been forced to use personnel and formations better since Boyle has been out. They have accentuated power running out of spread formations and I think  formations with Andrews and Kelce would fit that mindset perfectly"
"The outside guy is nice and will help Lamar develop as a real passer. He has a natural tendency to throw in the middle of the field and this would help make him a more complete passer. But I wouldn’t count on a huge difference in year one. Allen will be expensive and correct me if I’m wrong, didn’t he say something on Twitter about a receiver going to Baltimore last FA period being stupid or insisting it’s a dumb idea Bc of our system. 

I’d like to get Dez an offseason and milk him for another year or two, I like the idea of signing the bigger body like Corey Davis or Mike Williams on the outside but I’d lower expectations on them as mentioned. 

I’d invest heavy in o-line since Brown Jr may be playing his way out of Baltimore soon and we’ll need a starting RT before we know it. Draft for future, not for today when you can. 

If a stud receiver fell, sure grab him but I’d think we prioritize interior oline and edge with Bowser, McPhee, and Judon all FAs."
We will likely go after someone like Will Fuller or AJ Green. We aren’t going to pay a true #1 so our options will be an older former #1 like Green or a speedster like Fuller. Having a speed guy opposite Hollywood will help keep things underneath open for the TEs and run game too.
"It’ll probably have to be a trade. They’ve had 2 years to find Lamar a good WR and all that’s been rumored is that we attempted to trade for Dhop and Thielen. Granted, EDC has drafted 4 WRs since 2019, but only Brown was taken earlier than the 3rd round. 

Why? Because WRs will be underused in our offense—their stats will suffer, and therefore, so will their future contracts. Plus, not all receivers want to block as much as we need. 

I wish we could just tell Allen Robinson to sign with us, but it doesn’t work like that. They have to be willing to come here."
"My hot take is that we don't really \*need\* a true No.1 WR. I think the weakness we have when it comes to playing from behind is better addressed by keeping our running game so effective that teams have to sell out to stop it, and keeping the defense good enough to prevent us from falling behind by more than a score or, at worst, two. Lamar is a unique QB, with a unique skillset, and an offense built around him that plays to his strength best isn't going to look like other NFL offenses, \*and that's fine.\* Every team has a weakness, better to have it be something predictable that you know how to hide/prevent other teams from taking advantage of.

What we \*do\* need in terms of our WR corps is a true chain-mover. I think the intent was for Boykin to be that guy, and while Boykin seems to be improving he's not there yet. We need a WR that, like Andrews, Lamar can trust and put the ball up to on third-and-eight and expect them to come down with it past the marker. Now, if that guy happens to be a ""true No.1 WR"", I think that would certainly be a lovely bonus, but we don't \*need\* it to be.

Now, with that said, if we can get Allen Robinson without utterly screwing our cap situation, I think they should do it. He'd be a big upgrade and some receiver help would definitely be useful."
"Corey Davis.

Only 26. Won't break the bank. Big body, physical possession receiver who can muscle catches underneath and in the red zone. Learned to physically dominate shorter DBs this year and use his size to win 1v1 match ups. 

Took him a bit longer to develop because he played at a G5 (lower level) school. 

He's Deandre Hopkins light, and still developing. I think this can be enough because it forces teams into more zone coverage, opening up lanes for Brown and Duv to use their speed and try to create match up problems against safeties. 

Let's face it, the NFL will probably never let Jackson have a top 7 or 8 guy. The combination of Jackson and the other weapons can make Davis look like an elite WR. 

(Honestly, I think the league will even be terrified to let Jackson have Davis.)"
Kenny Golladay.
"The ideal fit would be AJ Brown. Big, Physical & Explosive. Dude plays like a Raven and is the rare WR1 who doesn’t need 10+ targets a game in order to make a big play. But of guys who are gonna be available I’d love get Corey Davis or Marvin Jones. Color me optimistic but I love what I’ve seen from Dez this year hopefully we keep in the fold for another year."
would loooove to see Marvin Jones here
"Keenan Allen would be perfect! Great run blocker, not a big ego, runs all routes and would compliment Hollywood"
"Keenan Allen was always a good fit for us, big body, good blocker, runs great routes, contested catches, good hands. Wish we drafted him in 2013. AJ brown is ironically a very good fit for the offence as well. If you can take anyone though, probably Hopkins"
"Golladay and Robinson are the obvious names. If we get outbid for them, I think Sammy Watkins is also worth a look, I think he'd be a #1 on any team that didn't have Tyreek Hill. That said, I don't think you should let yourself be outbid for whichever of those two you like more, even if that means paying a premium. With how much Nuk, Diggs, and Landry have helped Murray, Allen, and Mayfield, I think it's clear that a genuine WR1 is a huge boon to any young QB."
Trade for Julio please
"If I'm being realistic, Golladay or DJ Chark would both be tremendous for Lamar's development imo"
"If dez was in prime hed be a perfect fit, thats who i think lamar needs in regards to ability for a #1"
WR's are overrated. Run 10 TE sets.
"Ideal wr would be a big body slot guy. 


I dont understand why people say out Marquise in the slot. In our offense if you are a slot guy you'll need to block and no afraid of contact. If we put Brown there its tell the D we are passing"
"I'd take DK Metcalf. He's fast, big, and has a big catch radius. Lamar isnt the most elite passer so I think DKs strengths would help bail out lamar a bit."
"i dont know who i want, but i know who i dont,  


i dont waant gallup  
he gives me juju vibes, he is a true #2 wr but is trash at a #1 role  


if i had a choice i'd take  dj chark or allen robinson"
"I’d say someone speedy like him, but also big so maybe Julio Jones or even Chase Claypool, I know he’s a rookie but he looks like he’s gonna be a problem for us for the next 7-8 seasons if he stays with Pitt"
"Julio Jones. It will cost us a first rounder. We will have to part ways with Judon and possibly Campbell, but the draft can fill those gaps. Julio won't be over worked here, but he will make X factor plays when we need it. And my god will he open up the run game EVEN more than it already is. And my god he will open up the rest of the field for you Brown and Andrews. He is the bonafide BEST option for us and will guarantee us a Superbowl. Free the legend and give him a ring with us. The Ravens will also make 500 million dollars in Jersey sales."
[deleted]
"Okay so obviously we dont want to get ahead of our ourselves we still need to win at Cincy. But if we get in at 6 we might play Pittsburgh at 3. If we win and 7th seed Browns lose to 2 seed Bills that means we play 1st seed KC. If we win 2 and Titans win 2 (over Miami and over Bills) we might get a revenge game in the AFC Champ game.

Someone confirm whether or not my math checks out.

(Edit: A lot of folks are saying we might get 5 seed and play 4th seed Titan in WC round which does seem like the more likely scenario.)"
"Yep, that checks out. Can also get Tennessee in the divisional round and KC in the championship if the 7 seed beats Buffalo."
Cincy is already a revenge game
"I want to see the Steelers again in the playoffs. 

They lucked out in our second match up and have done nothing but bitch all year."
"http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine

I'm thinking:

* Ravens > Bengals
* Colts > Jaguars
* Tennessee > Texans
* Bills > Dolphins
* Browns > Steelers

Which would put us at the #5 seed playing Tennessee"
I kind of hope the Dolphins lose and we win so we can draw the Titans first round (I’m presuming they beat the Jags).
"I think the perfect but UNLIKELY m situation is we play Tennessee in the first round as the 5 seed, win. We then play at Pittsburgh in the divisional round, win. In the championship round we’d hope for the 7 seed to go on a freak extremely unlikely run and knock off the bills and the chiefs so we play at home against someone like the browns at HOME in the AFCCG, however it’s more likely we’d run into the chiefs at some point which is a huge problem"
You know playing at Cincinnati would technically be the start of the revenge tour
"Our most likely path is

WC: PIT
Div: KC 
AFC: BUF"
I would rather lose to you guys over any other team. I would hate losing period but if we lost and it’s to you guys that would be the easiest to handle. Losing to a team and fan base we love wouldn’t hurt as much. Happy New Year Raven nation.
"2 things:

We are 2-0 in Super Bowls 

Lamar is 10-0 vs the NFC"
please beat whoever gets to the SB if it isn’t us. I can’t see another AFC team win.
If the SB is Chiefs Vs. Packers I'll root for Rodgers. He deserves a second Ring.
"Being a fan of Aaron Rogers, I hope he is able to carry the team to a super bowl, even after that draft."
"I have tons of respect for Aaron Rodgers so I hope you guys do well. 

Cheers, brother."
"I’ve never experienced it, but I always imagined losing a super bowl woukd hurt significantly less than losing a playoff game. Since either way, it’s the last game. Losing playoff games suck because I reallly don’t want to watch any football, but by the next week I still do. But it’s painful to watch and I play out scenarios in my head imagining us playing, etc. Sooooo, yea, just seems like it woukd sting a little less🤷‍♂️"
Ayo Packers are my NFC team. Good luck in the playoffs!
Packers will always be my go to NFC team. Here's to hoping
"packers have been my NFC team for years now. I love aaron rodgers, want you guys to go far."
"If it ain't us I hope it's y'all. A Rod has had such an impressive year. Plus, I really liked Za'Darius when he was with us."
Would be a hell of a game!
"Packers come to Baltimore next season, right? SB rematch week 1!!"
Packers deserve to be in the SB more than any other NFC team and it is not even close
"Hey Raven fans who do you guys think was better in his career, Farve or Rodgers? Who would you take?"
Try to get to the SB first
I hope we get to CRUSH the Packers in the Superbowl.
https://youtu.be/PCVnrPRIRPI
"omg he's lucky he didn't get crushed under that pile haha

can you believe it's his 9th season in the league already?"
They tried to ice him...pathetic.
Tucker has made so many huge kicks in his career that I always assumed he was the one that kicked the game winner for Texas against Nebraska in the 2009 Big 12 title game to earn a spot in the BCS Championship against Bama. He didn't take over as their starting kicker until the following year.
Against Tannehill... foreshadowing?
This was the same day as the HarBowl I lol
TIL he went to texas
The legend begins....
Hell yeah i remember that! A nice sendoff for the Ags to remember us by!
Gave me chills.
Everyone deserves to have a moment like that in our lives
"If this occurs in Week 17 for Ravens ...

Ravens beat Bengals
Bills beat Dolphins

Wild-card round: Ravens at AFC South champion (Titans or Colts)

If this occurs in Week 17 for Ravens ...

Ravens beat Bengals
Dolphins beat Bills
Steelers beat Browns

Wild-card round: Ravens at Bills

If this occurs in Week 17 for Ravens ...

Ravens beat Bengals
Dolphins beat Bills
Browns beat Steelers

Wild-card round: Ravens at Steelers

Big shout out to Jamison Hensley on twitter for all this
https://twitter.com/jamisonhensley/status/1343927237465296896?s=19"
don't wanna see the bills just yet..
The last scenario is looking pretty likely.
Please be the Steelers
Definitely want that last matchup
"Last year, in our first win or go home game, we choked. There’s no way around that. We had everything in our favor to go at least the AFC championship and host our first ever, and we choked. 

You don’t Blow out (aside from the 49ers game) 6 other playoff teams and then get beaten as badly as we did without choking hard. 

Choking is all psychological, when the pressure of the moment overwhelms someone in a crippling manner. I think a big part of it is how young our team was, not just in the Titans game but in the Chargers game as well.

I think those experiences have made the Ravens a psychologically stronger team, and i think the Browns game is an example of that. That was as clutch as it gets, against a good football team with our season on the line, and I think that this team now is much strong then the team that lost to Pitt Tenn and NE earlier this year."
Big if true
"This team has DEFINITELY faced a lot of adversity which is something I think we lacked in 2019 for sure like you mentioned. Teams that win the Super Bowl are often teams who have grown and learned how to navigate through tough patches (see the 2000 ravens and 2012 ravens just to name two examples). Not saying we are for sure going to win the SB or anything, but I think this team is mentally tough and has what it takes. All and all, just gotta truzz"
"Titans were a match up nightmare in 2019.  It was irrational to think it was going to be an easy win, n the Vegas line was ludicrous!  The defense was vulnerable to the run game, particularly against big physical backs like Chubb and Henry.  Ravens made band aid patches to run D after Cleveland in week two.  It was improved but still vulnerable.  Also the Ravens were able to help D by getting out to a lead.  

The additions to D line this year solidified fully expecting to be ready for Titans.  Injuries n Covid-19 have hurt the D line at in opportune times, against Titans and the Patriots.  Patriots first drive after half time ran the ball up the gut n we couldn’t stop it, that was the difference in the game.  Brandon Williams was injured late in first half n Belicheck capitalized.  

Ravens didn’t choke it was just the worst possible matchup in the first round."
No shit
[deleted]
Aight so browns getting in
_Miles Garrett has joined the chat_
Garrett has to be foaming at the mouth rn
"RG3 and the back up squad beat them last year. Should be entertaining to watch mason get his head taken off by myles garrett.

Edit: forgot about the incident last year between the two of them. My comment still stands though."
I hope Cleveland beats them in the playoffs next week after this.
"Assuming the Browns win, then:

- If Bills beat Dolphins, we play the Titans
- If Dolphins beat Bills, we play the Steelers"
Just for shits I want a reporter to ask Garrett post game if Rudolph actually called him a racial slur.
Chefs kiss to the football gods if mason knocks the clowns out.
"Why wouldn't they be starting Ben?  Don't they want to fight for the 2nd seed, still?"
At this point Rudolph is much less of a liability than Big Ben. The Steelers might actually be decent this week.
Myles V Rudolph rematch fight
Yo if the reindeer knocks them out of the playoffs I will *never* stop laughing.
*Myles Garrett picks up a ~~twisted tea~~ helmet and preapres for battle*
"Steelers’ QB Mason Rudolph will start in Week 17 game against Cleveland.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Unless Pittsburgh has turned things around after the way they played in the second half of this past week's game or Cleveland still doesn't have receivers, Cleveland probably would've won this game with Roethlisberger playing, anyway."
"Assuming Browns beat Steelers, Ravens beat Bengals, Colts beat Jags, this is what we have:

-----------------------------------------

If Bills rest starters and lose to Dolphins:

2 Bills v 7 Browns

3 Steelers v 6 Ravens

4 Titans/Colts vs 5 Dolphins

-----------------------------------------

If Bills play starters and beat Dolphins:

2 Bills v 7 Titans/Colts

3 Steelers v 6 Browns

4 Titans/Colts vs 5 Ravens"
Good.  I hate Tennessee.  They disrespected out coach and our field.  Fuck them. I want us to beat them by thirty.
"Beating the flaming thumbtacks in their house would have a catapult reaction for the rest of the playoffs.  

Like 2012, checking off names on our shit list would be the best timeline.

Tenn

Pitt

KC"
Better to face the Titans or Steelers in revenge games. The bills are better than both of those teams anyway
"Honestly, beating Tenn would be more satisfying than Pitt right now."
Please be Pitt
"Soooo revenge game either way

ME GUSTA"
I can’t wait to kick the shit outa pits in the playoffs
Id be pretty shocked if the bills rest starters bc if they lose and Pittsburgh win then they’d be the 3 seed
I said this in another thread so I’ll just say it here too. I’m confident about beating either of these teams this time around. Only 2 teams that I have concerns about is Chiefs and Bills but especially Chiefs.
"Ben is already listed to sit out of the next Game.

Bodes well for Browns to win and Hopefully Dolphins win over Bills.

Nothing more poetic then Lamar getting his first playoff win against the Steelers"
Awesome these would be the most satisfying to win. I would welcome either of these fucks.
"I don't know why people think the Bills are going to rest their starters they still have to win or have the Steelers lose to lock up the 2 seed. They both play at 1 so they won't know ahead of time. I don't know how you don't guarantee yourself 2 home games if you have the opportunity to, even without home-crowds."
So we actually want browns to win then so we dont face the Bills no matter what.
"Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but Buffalo doesn't have the two seed locked up. The Steelers can move to two with a win and Miami win.

People are really that sure Buffalo wouldn't play for higher seeding?"
"I'm hoping we play Pittsburgh if we make it to the playoffs. While we lost both games against them in the regular season they were ultimately very close. If Lamar Jackson doesn't turn the ballover four times in the first game and we have our starters the second game there is a good chance we would have won those games. If we match up against them a third time than I feel good about our chances of coming out on top.  


Frankly, I hope that we don't have to face Tennessee or KC in the playoffs if its at all possible. Ideally those teams will get eliminated by other squads that we would then have a better chance at beating."
Wouldnt mind another shot at titsns w calias and brandon playing...
"Colts for easiest opponent, Steelers for classic division rivalry game, and Titans for revenge.  The only boring one is the Bills there isn’t any story there and the Bills are a much tougher opponent then the Colts are."
I want the Steelers since the Titans imo are a better team. We can def beat the Steelers if we stop trying to blitz Ben and just cover the receivers. Their whole offense is Ben immediately getting off his short passes to keep moving up field- cover his receivers (esp in midfield) and we can stop them.
"As long as it isn't the Billls, I'm cool with whoever we play."
Cant walt
Bring it
"We’re going to have to beat the Titans, Bills and/or Chiefs at some point in the postseason if we want to get to the SB. Lamar is going to have to have a Flacco 2012 type of postseason. I don’t see our defense stopping a lot of these teams. Lamar has to go in assuming they’ll need 30+ points in each game. If he’s trying to work himself into a nice contract, it’s time for him to silence his critics about his Playoff performance."
I’d feel more confident facing the Steelers again than the titans.
I think bills will rest. being that it is likely to play them back to back weeks right? Week 17 then first week of playoffs if they lose?
Resting your starters in Week 17 leads to failure in the playoffs.
""
I was there. Fans were going wild. It was cold as hell though😅
"Some of those last few home games last year were miserable! At the 49ers game my fiance and I just sat there in silence getting cold and wet lol. We had so many layers on we couldn't hear eachother anyway. All worth it for the walk off FG by J Tuck, though."
My first game at the bank. Dads birthday is Christmas and for his 60th I surprised him with tickets. We were some of the last ones to finally leave. It was such an awesome moment for us. I’ll never forget dancing/cheering in the rain with him as the final seconds were ticking down.
"First and only game I've been to.  I didn't get a video of this celebration but I got a poor quality photo of it!  OP, are you in my picture? Lol.
https://imgur.com/VReCp3s"
I was there I got drunk as shit and yelled 14-2 all the way home.
I was row 12 behind where this video was taken. The atmosphere was amazing for this game.
"I was at that game.  We parked in one of the big multi-story  lots south of the stadium, about 6 blocks away.  En route we came across a commercial tailgate that was clearing out early, so the lines were short/non-existent, and there was plenty of everything available, including open bar.  At the gate they said 20 bucks each.  I countered with ""how bout 2 for twenty?"", within a half beat, they said, ""deal"".  Grabbed some barbecue and brats and some beer- all tasty stuff, then headed into the stadium.  It was POORING, but we had a GREAT TIME.  Fans were completely into it.  And, for extra sweetness, we beat the Steeler late in the regular season at home."
I was there! I miss having fun at the bank. My girl got us tickets for Christmas and she was very sad Lamar didn’t play. Was a great game though!
"This was the first ravens game I ever went too, rain and all I loved it"
"I had a flight after that game and I got a ride straight to BWI after. My clothes were so wet, I had to change in the BWI bathroom while drunk and I didn't have enough time to buy a water bottle. The in-flight cups of water didn't cut it so I spent a 4 hour flight being thirsty as hell.

Worth it"
This was the day I got banned from the Steelers subreddit. Watching their sub have a meltdown because they got knocked out of the playoff hunt by RG3 and only half the Ravens starters. I couldn’t resist.
Damn I miss this 😢😭
Me too brother. God I missed it this year.
I was in the nosebleeds for that one😅 it was cold as hell though😂
"Took my girlfriend to this game, it was her first ravens game ever and she had a blast"
"Was there, was fun"
This was my Christmas present.. plane and game tickets to Baltimore to see them go 14-2 was  awesome.. the rain only adds to the memory
Great game!!! I was right around the corner from you! https://imgur.com/gallery/Y00RU81I
I was at that game. The rain sucked so much all I had was a sweatshirt.
Hopefully.
"I was at this game and as soon as you thought the rain was letting up, it would just pour."
"Awesome!!

How much did you pay for the seats? Really looking forward to a trip to the US from the UK post-covid & want to make it to at least one Ravens game!"
"My brother and I bought three boarding passes for last season, so we always had a third ticket to bring someone with us. One of my closest friends from work is a Steelers fan, so I promised him the ticket before the season even started. Needless to say the rain and the Steelers record at the time prevented him from being too excited, but we ended up hanging out at horse shoe for like three hours before the game so we were in good spirits when it actually started. Ended up being a pretty good afternoon"
"That was the best game ever I went there with my brother and dad and it was crazy, the strip sack at the end was great"
"I was there with my mother! It was my first and only NFL game (so far). She's a diehard Steelers fan, so it felt so good to watch them lose."
"I was at that game also, first time going to a ravens game. It was so badass!"
Take me back. Hope next year The Flock can return to The Bank
"I don't want to be a party pooper, but I'm not sure how under control corona will be come the start of the 2021 season. It obviously depends on the restrictions, but I'm not sure full attendance is a good idea. There is likely to be some attendance, and it'll probably increase throughout the season. Just gotta hope!"
We should’ve thrown that game. Stupid win.
[removed]
"No, I hate all of our division rivals, that being said, I was rooting hard for the bengals to beat the Steelers"
"I think we all rooted for the Bengals when they played the Steelers...

Until we remembered their loss was problematic for us lol, but it all worked out

However, when Burrow is back, our division may end up being the toughest in the NFL

To answer your question though, yes - as long as it's not the Steelers"
The only thing I root for the division rivals for is to burn in Hell
"Yes. I cheer for our rivals to fail. Bengals fans are hoping for a top 3 pick, so I’m cheering for them to win games and fail at failing"
"I despise the Steelers, but I really like Joe Burrow, and I can’t help but root for the cinderella story Browns, so I’d like to them succeed, but not at the cost of the Raven’s success."
This post is dumb and untimely.
"I don't root for division rivals, because I'm not a steelers fan"
I root for the Bengals to beat the Browns or the Steelers but otherwise fuck them.
I'll only root for the Bengals when Burrow is playing and it's not against us.
"No. 4th and 12 will make me never root for the bengals. Unless they are playing the steelers.

The only way I root for division rivals if they’re not a threat to us and can beat another division rival i.e. Bengals vs Steelers, thus giving us ammo to talk shit to the other division rival they beat."
You post this when our literal season is on the line against them? Excuse me?
"Nope.

If I root for any other team at the end of this season it'll be the Dolphins. Ryan Fitzpatrick has turned into my favorite players in the NFL. It would be beyond awesome if got the starting job and had a Flacco-esque string of great playoff games. I know it's unlikely but a fellow can dream."
Lol no
The only team I don't hate is the Bengals.
Fuck all of them but I did feel bad for Joe Burrow getting David Carr'ed behind the shittiest o-line in the league.
Yes I completely agree with you. I’m pretty scared of that Sewell guy
"Honestly, yeah, I hope for the Bengals and Browns to do well when they're not playing us or when we need them to lose.

Never the Steelers, though."
""
Thank god for Steve Bisciotti
Meanwhile Steve just dropped another 5 mill for charity distribution
"To keep it Ravens related, there's a quote in ""Next Man Up"" from Chris McAlister where he talks about how Dan Snyder treated him in the pre-draft interview back in 1999. Snyder is a slimeball."
Snyder is such a freaking scumbag. Free WFT.
"NEW: The Washington Football Team's limited partners accused Dan Snyder of corporate malfeasance according to an affidavit filed Monday while their advisor claims Snyder sent “intruders” to his home to harass him. @KaplanSportsBiz with the details.


***

posted by [@BenStandig](https://twitter.com/BenStandig)

[Link in Tweet](https://theathletic.com/2290235/2020/12/29/wft-partners-allege-financial-malfeasance-daniel-snyder-calls-that-scandalous?source=emp-shared-article)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"So if im reading this correctly, a dolphins and browns win get us the steelers round one 😈 both steelers and bills are benching starters"
"whoa this is awesome, surprised by how many (reasonably likely) scenarios have us in even with a loss to to the bengals"
So us losing + browns and colts both winning is the only way we don’t make it.
"Using this table and the win probabilities on 538 ([https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-nfl-predictions/games/](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2020-nfl-predictions/games/)) I calculated the probability of who the Raven will face in the first round (anyone is welcome to make sure my math is right):

|Team|Probability Play in 1st Round |
|:-|:-|
|Bills|15.30% |
|Steelers|12.53%|
|Titans|46.65%|
|Colts|17.26%|
|OUT|8.26%|

Looks like we'll most likely be facing the Titans in the first round. I'm OK with that."
Pin this pls
God I hope we don’t draw the Bills
"-Win and in. 
-Bills Dolphins doesn’t matter. 
-Titans Texans doesn’t matter.

If Ravens loss:
-Steelers or Jaguars need to win"
I definitely don’t want to play the bills. I think best case scenario we play the colts but thats unlikely.
Fantastic content.  Thank you.
"The most bitter sweet playoff run would be a revenge tour. Steelers, Titans, and Chiefs. That’s all I want."
I'd love a playoff rematch against the Titans but I'd take the Steelers as well.
I’m not gonna be picky about a playoff spot but would love Pittsburgh in round 1
"I don’t think Pitt is a gimme, but do see them as our best matchup"
"5 seed - 6/8 Titans, 2/8 Colts, then a shot at the chiefs

6 seed - 6/12 Bills, 6/12 Steelers, then likely a crack at the other one

7 seed - 6/8 Bills, 2/8 Steelers then also likely a crack at the other

Mark me down as rooting for Bal-Miami-Cle-Indy-Hou"
Of topic but the game results pattern is mesmerizing.
Thank ya for doing the lords work
This. Is. Amazing.
Worth noting: any scenario where we pull 7th seed is guaranteed KC in round 2
I cannot tell you how many times today I have looked at this. Thank you!
"A few notes:

* For clarity, each row shows (on the right side) the Ravens' seed and first round opponent in the playoffs given that row's week 17 matchup winners (on the left side).
* This was created using [ESPN's Playoff Machine](http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine). Feel free to verify there if anything seems off.
* The point spreads listed in the header row were Vegas odds as of this morning, but they can change. Based on that point in time, the most likely scenario (if all favorites win) gives us the 5th seed playing the Titan's in the first round.
* If this post feels strangely familiar, you might have been on this sub for a long time. [I did the same thing 7 years ago](https://old.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/1tj7lv/a_table_display_of_all_16_scenarios_for_the_last/) when the playoff scenarios were similarly confusing."
Let’s get this pinned for Christ’s sake!
"I am gobsmacked that you mathematically have a chance to make the playoffs even if you lose to the Bungles. 

What a fucking crazy year."
beautiful champ
THANK YOU
"If bills are resting, then I'm guessing were going back to shitsburg, unless mason rudolph decides he really wants to knock the browns out, and some how plays nothing like he did last year, and the browns play like shit"
Get ready for a Titans Playoff rematch
And the flat odds of making the playoffs is 92% according to 538
"As long as we make it I’ll take any team. If you want to claim the title you should have to beat the best. I want the Steelers, but us beating the Bills would have a huge psychological impact that would create positive momentum throughout the rest of the playoffs."
I need one for the browns so I can know what to root for.
We take care of business and that's all that matters let's get it boys.
May Jesus bless you and all of your loved ones. May we strike vengeance upon the Titans.
"So a matchup with the titans is most likely, with Bills/Steelers depending on if those two teams rest starters in week 17."
"Excellent table.  My only tweak (or another version) would be to arrange the columns from left to right according to the spreads, so the games whose outcomes are least in doubt (Jags/Colts, Ravens/Bengals) have their likely outcomes more bunched together in the final column.  I think that would give a slightly more intuitive at-a-glance of what's most likely to happen."
Genius work.  Thanks!
"If we beat titans first round, we winning the whole ship"
Don’t care who we play. Get us in
"A pretty strong chance the bills beat the dolphins even if they are resting starters imo. If that is the case, then get ready for a Titans playoff rematch."
"Is it wrong to see this and feel like with only 4 possible scenarios in which we dont make the playoffs, that we're pretty much locked in now?"
""
Aw
"I've seen a bunch of posts discussing little parts of this. Here's my effort to put it all together in one place. I'll start with how the Ravens can make the playoffs, and then who they might face. I'll ignore possible Week 17 ties, because ties suck.

**How to make the playoffs**

Option 1: Win against Cincinnati.  Easy enough: win and in.

Option 2: Lose against Cincinnati but get some help from around the league.

There are 4 other teams that are relevant: TEN, MIA, IND, and CLE. We own the tiebreaker over CLE due to head-to-head matchups. In a 3-way tie involving CLE, they drop out first because in-division ties get resolved first. Since either TEN or IND will be the AFC South champions, that means the Ravens can't be 4th place in competing for 3 wildcard slots if CLE loses. In other words: if CLE loses, we make it in no matter what.

Let's assume CLE wins and turn to the others. In a 2-way tiebreaker, we own the head-to-head against IND. TEN owns the head-to-head against us. There is no head-to-head with MIA so we drop down to conference record, where MIA would have the advantage in the event both clubs end at 10-6 (MIA 7-5 vs BAL 6-6). What this means: If IND loses, we make it in no matter what. Losses from TEN and MIA don't help us.

What about 3-way ties? Because in-division ties get broken first, there are only 2 relevant possibilities for a 3-way tie at 10-6: BAL/MIA/TEN and BAL/MIA/IND. Neither of these has a head-to-head sweep, so we drop to the next tiebreaker, which is conference record. In the BAL/MIA/TEN tie, we'd come in last because MIA and TEN would both have better conference records. With IND, we'd come in second because MIA would get elevated out of the tie first and then we'd have the head-to-head over IND. What this confirms is that MIA and TEN losing doesn't help us.

The bottom line here is that within Option 2 (lose and get help), we have:

* Option 2A: CLE loses and we are in.

* Option 2B: IND loses and we are in.

Those are our only three options (again, excluding ties): we win, or CLE loses, or IND loses.

**Seeding and matchup possibilities**

There's a lot of uncertainty here and I'm not going to list every single possible scenario leading to each matchup, because that would be too many.

If we make the playoffs, the Ravens can end up anywhere from the #5 to the #7 seed. Here's how:

5th seed: 

* We win and MIA loses while TEN wins.

6th seed: 

* We win and MIA wins while TEN wins. 

* We lose, IND loses, and CLE loses.

7th seed:

* We lose and exactly one of IND or CLE wins. If IND wins, TEN also has to win.

Who could we face?

* The 5th seed will play the 4th seed. The 4th seed will be the AFC South champion; there's no W/L combination to get any other team there. The only way IND can win the division is if it wins while TEN loses. If TEN wins or if both teams lose then TEN is the 4th seed.

* The 6th seed will play the 3rd seed, which is either BUF or PIT. It's BUF if PIT wins and BUF loses. It's PIT in any other scenario.

* The 7th seed will play the 2nd seed, which is either BUF or PIT. This is the opposite of the 3rd seed scenario described above: 7th seed will play BUF unless BUF loses and PIT wins. In that case 7th seed will play PIT.

Fun note about BUF and PIT: both of these teams have basically the same incentives this week in terms of resting their starters. Assuming resting starters is a loss and playing starters is a win, each team has the choice between kicking a division rival down - and possibly out of the playoffs entirely - with a win, but not getting a whole lot of upside (only real difference between the 2nd and 3rd seed is guaranteeing you don't have to play KC until the AFC Championship). And there's a chance that if you beat that division rival, you have to play the same team *again* next week in round 1 of the playoffs. I think that would probably lead a team to rest its starters - why bring your best against this team if you're going to have to do the exact same thing a week later? But I'm not an NFL head coach, so my opinion on that isn't worth jack. We'll find out on Sunday what they've decided.

TL;DR: Ravens are in with a win OR with a loss by CLE or IND (or both). Ravens get a 5th or 6th seed if they win, depending on what MIA does, and a 6th or 7th seed if they lose but still qualify, depending on whether IND and CLE both lose. If we get the 5th seed we're probably playing TEN, maybe IND. In the 6th or 7th seed we'd play either PIT or BUF."
"Ben is already listed to sit out of the next Game.

Bodes well for Browns to win and Hopefully Dolphins win over Bills.

Nothing more poetic then Lamar getting his first playoff win against the Steelers"
[deleted]
W and you guys are in - great run over the last few weeks - I don't think anyone wants to see y'all in the playoffs.
"Now that I have your attention, fuck the Steelers"
Because the ship has turned around and it is not entirely his fault our receivers are poopoo peepee men
Because he thicc af
Up voted
"As soon as I read ""now that have your attention"" thought I just got Bucked lol... not disappointed either way"
Hes turned things around with his play calling. The run game has been on fire. Sticking with JK and Gus and eliminating Ingram's carries has definitely helped stabilize things. We also have found stability on the offensive line. I think Greg Roman has saved his job.
He needs a new age college coach to come in and revamp the pass game. His run scheming is top tier that was never the issue.
Ravens have the best point differential in the NFL this year.
His passing concepts suck
I’ll drink to that
"I will take it under advisement but withhold any more personal judgement until the first time we get in a tight game with lots of time left and we abandon the run when it was working.  I will admit, as a card carrying member of the Roman must go club, the play calling/offensive game decision making has been greatly improved over the last four weeks."
I guess we will see what happens when we get into a close game or down by one score.
"Well the team has been staying out of 3rd and long lately ( anything over 6 yards), as long as they can continue to do that the offense will hum"
"At first your post had my curiosity but then you said ""fuck the steelers""......now have my attention."
We should keep him around but def bring someone in from outside the org to help him with the passing game
"After ruining our offense for a lot of the season, it seems like he made adjustments and changed a lot of the play calling and our offense has been tremendous again. He even found a way for our offense to be somewhat successful with a washed RG3 and a lot of other key missing offensive players against a great Steelers defense. I don’t think it’s fair to be so quick to criticize him when he makes our offense awful but then be reluctant to praise him when he makes our offense one of the most dangerous in the league again. I really hope he sticks to our bread and butter in the playoffs, because that’s when he has struggled the most to do that."
Yeah like the guy above said. They’re finally letting Lamar be Lamar. More designed runs instead of forcing him to drop back 30 times a game. It helps that the offensive line has been playing at an elite level and that Dobbins/Edwards are finally getting more carries than Ingram.
"Yea. The execution has also gone up, so less people are angry at him too."
"I think they’ve accepted that if you try to control Lamar too much, bad things will happen. You should treat play calling with Lamar as a rough outline, but ultimately let him do his thing."
"I think the injury to Boyle has been a blessing in disguise. Romans been forced to spread the defense out horizontally in order to create space in the run game as opposed to just lining up with 8 in the box and relying on brute force blocking or option reads. Its led to more space in the middle for Andrews and Snead and so has helped the passing as well. Also helps that hes stopped trying to make Ingram happen.

&#x200B;

Although for the life of me I still cannot understand why we continue to line Hollywood up outside. The guys just not an outside WR, hes not strong enough, not savvy enough to use the sideline or create separation for himself. The perfect final touch would be using Dez and Boykin outside and putting Hollywood in the slot and letting the mismatches play out. We already saw a bit of it in the Browns game so Im hoping theyre already toying with the idea."
Hes letting lamar be lamar instead of forcing plays.
They have looked a lot better however I’m trying not to put too much stock in it since we’ve also been playing against shit defense.
"Yes I don't think he should be fired. I do think it was a bit harsh calling for his job when last year his QB won the MVP. NFL is a lot more complex than ""RUN THE BALL OMGGG"" if we don't establish a passing game we risk becoming one dimensional.

 It also takes more time than you think for an OC and a QB to create a gameplan they are both happy with especially when the QB is still developing. Lamar said in the off season he wants to get better throwing and I'm sure he told the coaching staff about that so they are giving him more opportunities to throw."
"He's improved a ton down the stretch, but it still bothers me how little we use play-action. At the first Pittsburgh game, Lamar was 22nd in the league in play-action attempts, and after this past week, he's up to...24th. Even if you give him the play-action throws from RG3 and Trace in the Practice Squad game, that only moves you up to 23rd, and that is absolutely baffling to me when you lead the league in attempts, yards, yards per carry, and 20+ runs. Not only do we run more than anyone else, we're better at running than anyone else. The Titans are the only team who should be more play-action heavy than we are, and Tannehill is #2 in the league.

I'm hoping for a pleasant surprise that Greg has a bunch of cool play-action concepts drawn up he's keeping hidden until the playoffs, but for now, I don't understand why we're not using the best running game in football to make our passing game better, especially when it was such a huge part of our league-leading offense last year; in 2019, Lamar was third in play-action attempts, in spite of basically only playing 13 games because of how many times he sat out the entire fourth quarter."
"IIRC, I think Roman actually gets better towards the end of most seasons... I think it may be because he’s super conservative not to use/give away plays/formations that he wants to use in the playoffs or must win games"
I thinks it’s really been finding success in that veer option look out of the spread formations and working off of that and not being afraid to go to it more then 5 times a game and we have also been using more play action and putting a guy over the lb for easy completions
I still think the passing concepts are lacking but he's gotten the run game back on track. Knock on wood but the O line has stabilized a bit and that helps.
"I think Lamar came back from his covid shutdown like a new man. I still think early in the season he was not physically 100%. Remember he missed time in camp due to a groin injury, and that stuff heals slow. I'm not saying Roman did not make adjustments, but Lamar was definitely moving better after a couple weeks off."
i second this idea.
"I'd have to agree, though I remain somewhat skeptical since we've been here before, what with Mornhinweg. Not to compare either of these two guys to abuse, but *one* thing they have in common with relationship abuse is the idea of, ""Oh, they were nice to me yesterday, so everything's fine now!"" Again, those two guys aren't abusers or anything, but it's the only analogy that comes to mind for me. I do have more trust in Roman than Mornhinweg, though, so I'm not *completely* being cynical and assuming it's a fluke. Let's hope it's a positive trend, as I've enjoyed the running game the past few times I've seen it. It's refreshing."
"People are funny.
If the offense is bad, it is Romans fault

If the offense is good it is because of Lamar.

Because, duh, it is so obvious."
Im thankful that he seems to have shifted back to what works. But im still annoyed that he moved away from it in the first place.
"I was just thinking this. Since he said he was changing the offense against Tennessee, I've been impressed and happy with the offense"
"How extraordinary the run game is it's hard to say we need to move on. I've been really pleased with his playcalling the last few weeks, just for the fact dudes have been able to get open just because they're not running into each other's space anymore."
"They've let Lamar be himself. They've eliminated Mark Ingram's 2-yard carries and instead rotate JK and Gus. They've found a good combination on the offensive line. Plus, the running plays have been phenomenal. Great concepts that have kept defenses off-balance."
"I'm waiting to see what happens in the playoffs before I make up my mind on Roman.

If he calls 61 pass attempts for Lamar again he's gotta go."
"We need to stop looking at little sections of the season and evaluate it as a whole.

Our offense has looked better the past 4 games, no doubting that, but our level of competition has also been pretty bad the last 4 games. Lets not forget that the reason everyone wasn't freaking out midseason was because the last 4-5 games on our schedule were so cake.

I'm not saying things are fixed or aren't - I'm just saying that I don't think the past 4 games are enough information to build a clear picture."
I have been impressed with Roman and Lamar that they found a way to produce a top 5 offense while their front office is dead last in spending money on offensive players.
"Yeah, it's really shown improvement. I do think the offense needs better designed passing plays, but we also have what has to be one of the worst WR corps in the league, so that's not all on him."
Against some of the worst dvoa defenses
Still below avg passing game designer
"Not just you, dude. He had some s’plaining to do. He packed in his galaxy brain from the first half of the season, and is playing to the roster’s strengths... right? I feel like Lamar has started taking over when there isn’t anyone over, instead of stalling for receivers to get uncovered."
""
Lmao. Lamar must be so tired of such thinly-veiled commentary.
The movies is goated
Bruh 😂😂😂
"LMAO just saw this and debated posting it.

Every time Booger talks about Lamar, you can just tell he fucking hates him lol."
"
Booger McFarland every time Lamar Jackson scores a rushing touchdown. 

***

posted by [@shortbhandsome](https://twitter.com/shortbhandsome)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1343914433098231808/pu/pl/JY1qLHvIdGNQxO58.m3u8?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
" Catholic Charities is the name of the organization, it's not describing the kind of charity lol. they provide a large amount of medical care and social intervention in the area."
"If you're upset about this, take a long look in the mirror. The man can donate his money wherever he wants regardless of any religious scruples you may have; the entire point of christianity is to help those in need."
"Newsflash, dickheads: Catholics are just as human and as worthy of these donations as everyone else."
I'm sure the Bisciottis researched where the money would be going. Whether there is any religious intention is irrelevant. My own experience is with a protestant denomination but the principle is the same: the advantage of a donation to an established church is that they have the existing infrastructure to administer the funds so more of the money goes where it is needed. I appreciate their generosity to the community.
The man puts Dan Snyder to shame
K?
[removed]
[removed]
What a waste of money.
""
#L1C4
RIP Trebek
Rest in Peace Alex 😭
I live for this.
What episode
[deleted]
"I'm not sure. Division games are always so scrappy, and you guys are playing your hearts out. But the one who kills us just hasn't been the same guy this year (AJ Green). I really feel like it should be a win for the Ravens, but 2020 has taught me better than to trust that feeling."
Well the Bengals ruined our playoff hopes before so it's safe to say I'm nervous
Nothing is guaranteed. We will have to earn this win.
"Cautiously optimistic. It's the Bengals, with a broken AJ Green and sans Burrow, but it's the AFC North. Ravens should win by 15, but they could very well lose this game if they look past it."
Glad Burrow isn’t playing personally. Hope we pull out a W. I was at the game in 2017 and remember being so salty at Pees for they weak call and for Weddle not playing it right either. The offense didn’t help much and needed a kick return TD to give us the lead.
If AJ Green and Tyler Boyd are active no deep ball in the 4th is safe
"I hate it for the young man, but I'm glad Joe Burrow isn't the QB we're facing. I wouldn't feel as confident. Also, please protect that man. He's a solid guy."
Any given sunday
"I’m gonna be at the game cheering my heart out, but never 100% confident in a division matchup. I just hope we come out to play like our season depends on it"
Yo thanks for socking the Steelers for us
Kinda nervous but it’ll be a good game
Pretty good
"I've got 20 bucks on the ravens winning. Pretty confident. I know division match ups can be crazy but I think Jacksons drive to win will give us the victory. You're team is kind of crap this year and you're good QB is hurt. 

Also, real pissed off they let Burrow get hurt."
"I'm hoping for the best. I think it could even be a close game. Very close. Maybe even 2 - 5 points. Any given Sunday. I just hope we win, but I won't be surprised if we don't. We're likely going to have the toughest division in the NFL. This season we already do. 

Have a fun and safe time at the game, and Happy Holidays."
Ravens by 20
"F for burrow. Obv I want to win and I expect the ravens to, but I do feel bad that he’s out. Dude has potential and he was injured so early, that sucks"
As soon as I realized we gotta play the Bengals on week 17 to get in I got PTSD
"I still have PTSD from ""all we need is a week 17 win against the Bengals"""
"I think edge definitely goes to us, but your guys have been showing some promising signs of life lately so maybe we'll get surprised. 

I'm not sure your defense is up to containing our run game this time, so it's going to come down to if your offense can keep up. Our defense has been pretty banged up and having trouble against the run too, so maybe it'll be another big game for Gio?"
"Honestly, I’ve never been a fan. I tend to waste the day away dreading the subsequent Monday. I’m currently in school in order to obtain a job that I can look forward to, though. Kind of you to ask!"
I’m nervous asf bc of week 17 2017.....
"Has all the makings of a ""trap"" game (not to say its a trap, AFCN games are always tough sledding).  Over the past few games the Bengals offense has been surprisingly effective: the past 3 games Bengals have had 100+ rushing yards, with 150+ in the past two games, and their game vs. the Texans shows that this team can score effectively.  Maybe not on paper but the past few weeks our defense has often looked a bit like a liability giving up chunk yards and yards through penalties.  Hoping this game doesn't get out of hand with bad turnovers."
This has been the most injury-ridden season in a while. Hope our guys come back healthy
They honestly might sit Marcus even if he’s feeling 75%. Have him fresh for the playoffs (should we make it)
We won’t win a Super Bowl with a banged up Peters and Jimmy.  Anyone who’s hurting should sit.  Not worth limping into the playoffs.  The team should be able to have almost every player go.
"I would rest Jimmy one more week.  If Peters is 80%, I would want to dress him strictly in case of a CB emergency."
"Resting is over rated, unless it’s injury related.  Take care of Bengals first and then mitigate injuries."
"Our D Line is healthy again and should be able to pick up the slack of letting our backup CBs play and figure out who is our best backup for the playoffs since it’s such a revolving door lately. 

I think Queen figuring out some coverage would help a ton. Even Marlon was on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/marlon_humphrey/status/1343745780801286145?s=21) picking on our LBs coverage and also picking on [PQ](https://twitter.com/marlon_humphrey/status/1343756728098312200?s=21)"
""
It means we line up with 3 TE on the field for that particular play
Yes
It’s exactly what it sounds like. You have 3 tight end personnel on the field.
This year we don’t run it as much because we don’t rly have 3 te but some we do run a lot of formations with the 2 te and ricard
Try running it with two tight ends and you’ll see the problem immediately
"Hayden, wherever you are... We miss you. 
The Falcons.....stole you (ok, not exactly lol), but I'm sticking with it."
"What about 4TEs. Now I don't mean true TE but a second player like Mark Andrews but playing mostly WR. And can also fill in to block when needed. It's quite clear we value WRs that can block with our scheme, additionally Lamar seems to have success throwing to taller receivers. I could argue that we don't need any more speed at WR if we keep Duvernay and Brown. Snead is a reliable 3rd down option. Dez and Boykin are Red Zone threats. Proche if he develops could be useful in the same way Duvernay and Brown are. But I think we need a guy like Waller. We already had him, but imagine that kind of player at WR/TE. I think it fits the scheme well and its very innovative. Teams overlook the value of TEs also so its likely a player like that won't cost too much. I could see this offense prospering with one less WR and one more TE. I like the look of Tennessees receivers in our offense. Granted they are more like receivers than TEs but they have the build and abilities similar to TEs. Just a thought though. Let me know what you guys think in the Comments"
Why not just have Lamar and 10 TEs?
Soo basically Darren Waller.
"Draft another WR if one falls to you.  Do it early, don’t have them be 165 pounds, and have them be someone who had success in college and wasn’t a one year wonder who just tested well. 

If Devonta Smith is there, I hope they don’t hesitate to pull the trigger.  Though I would still like them to put some weight on him."
So like what Snead does? Snead blocks very well
"Fuck it, 4 Tight Ends"
"Imagine Andrews, Waller, Hurst with Hollywood and Duv......🤤"
"Fuck it, 4 TE's, Ricard, and Lamar, de facto Wildcat all the time."
"It could be five TEs or the most elite OL ever...

The Ravens cannot continue to do this [https://overthecap.com/spending-on-offense-and-defense-in-the-nfl/](https://overthecap.com/spending-on-offense-and-defense-in-the-nfl/)

That is not acceptable for a team supposedly trying to win a championship.

Get Lamar some damn weapons and help."
"Bro. I’d love a wr1. Can we just have one? I honestly thought the odds of developing one were so much higher than hitting on a star qb given the position we usually draft in, but here we are."
Por que no los dos
"Darren Waller is a good enough receiving tight end that every team in the league would utilize him, but he’s a trash blocker. His receiving alone makes him a top-5 tight end; however, he’s not a scheme fit for us at all. Don’t get me wrong, he’s so good receiving that we’d play him a ton and he’d be tremendous for us. It’s just not accurate to say he’s a great scheme fit because we generally favor tight ends who have at least some blocking ability."
"There's got to be a reason why this hasn't been tried, but I haven't heard it."
"23 personnel all game long, every game.  
2 RBs in the backfield (or RB & FB),  
3 TEs up front with the line instead of WRs.  

Between LJ and the two RBS, you've got three running options, and three big TEs to block for them.

With the 2 RBs and the 3 TEs you have 5 passing options.

All possible plays from just a handful of formations, leaving the opposing defenses never really knowing what's coming.

Seems like it's just absolutely prime territory for what this team is built for.  

So,  
>What about 4TEs  

I'm all for it."
"What part of this don't you understand? If two tight ends is good, and three tight ends is better, obviously five tight ends would make us the best fucking team that ever existed.  *Comprende?*"
"Definitely don’t need another te despite what you see Lamar thrives when we spread it out and Make easy reads for him when he only has his te to throw too it normally is a bad play you can see, when we wanna throw the ball we should spread more cause the defense can’t disguise coverages and everything is just easier to read we also run the veer or midline option when we spread it out so if we can get 3 good recovers we would obviously love that"
""
Between Billick and Baldinger I’m fuckin lovin the breakdowns of our offense
"Hey all, been awhile! I haven’t had time to sit down and rewatch games to get a look for analysis and tbh it’s hard with the level of competition we’re seeing. However, here we go: 

Offense: the offense is clicking finally. I took the time to go back to some of the games we struggled with and compare play type, call and situation to our recent games here’s what I’m seeing: Roman has switched his approach drastically on middle downs (mainly 2nd), from the film I watched we passes the ball on second down around 67 percent of the time, however, in our last 3 games we have only passed it on 44ish percent of 2nd downs. Simply put we are putting ourselves into 3rd and manageable a lot more often which is important for a run heavy team. I also noticed an uptick in first down slants, sticks, and screens. Again, we’re trying to make downs easy and manageable which is what our offense needs. I couldn’t really find a statistical difference in the deep shots category, but it’s clear we are getting more success with them recently. The most important change I could see was all Lamar. He’s playing with swagger, and just playing his game. The second most important thing is the line finally finding its combo. Personal apology to Powers, I’ve been a big critic but man is a force at guard. Great initial push, and he can pull well. 

Defense: 
Our defense is hard to figure. Statistically, even with the Browns, they played well (especially given absences). But to the eye test, they’ve been sloppy and seem to disappear the second half. Humph is struggling without other talent around him (as most players tend to). The dline is coming alive late though, hopefully we sack production continue on the up. They are getting a great push at the line of scrimmage. LB play has been what’s it’s been all season, up and down. Hard to judge really, it concerns me though that we couldn’t get a sack vs a good Cleveland line. Most the teams we’ll see (if we make it) in the playoffs aren’t going to have the Giants line. 

Anyway, I hope everyone had a good holiday! Let’s go Ravens! And as always Fuck the Steelers!"
""
If the ravens have <7 point lead....Please - no prevent defense
[deleted]
Very tough schedule
Don’t forget the Cardinals/Rams due to the 17th game. Probably will be the Cardinals
Playing the Chiefs and the Packers for fucks sake
"Next year's schedule will definitely be harder *on paper*. Let's be real, it will be a long time before any team will face a division as historically bad as the NFC East in 2020. Even the bottom half of the AFC West, right now, looks to be much more competitive moving forward than a B.O.B.-coached Texans team and an awful Jaguars team this year in the AFC South.

The upside is that it doesn't appear to be as difficult as what the Ravens faced in 2019 (with 6 playoff teams and the defending NFC Super Bowl representatives on the non-divisional portion of that schedule). Getting both the Chiefs and Packers at home is a huge benefit, although how much that means in terms of fans remains to be seen. You at least avoid the harsh Green Bay weather if that game was to be very late in the season, however."
Getting the Pats and Texans sounds so nice (if we still make the playoffs obviously) because both are in multi year rebuild mode but honestly finishing behind the Browns just isn’t worth it.
Fuck.... we gotta play the chiefs again... I thought that shittsburgh would get those honors this time around.
Michel Pierce reunion 🥺💜
"3-1 vs the NFCN

3-1 vs the AFCW

4-2 vs the AFCN

Defeat Dolphins, NFCW

Lose to AFCS

Total 12-5"
I’m sad that no one mentioned that we get another gif war with the Chiefs sub next season! Easily my favorite new tradition
"Damn, all those teams have to play Lamar Jackson next year. You gotta feel for them."
[deleted]
""
He’s picked us.
"Hey! Things sure have changed, huh. Can't tell whether you're glad pitt won or you guys still want to beat the shit outta them, but I'm pretty sure for the both of us that not clawing for the final spot and having the browns and colts behind us as well is great. So, honestly. I hope you're in so you can fuck the bills for us. Go steelers, go jags (they might actually try now), and best of luck to ya.

Until next time, Ravens! Let's see each other in that playoff bracket!"
"Just win your game, and your in, same for us."
"Hope you guys get in the playoffs Fins. You guys have a good ass coach who built a good culture and the coolest QB 2nd only to LJ.

Oh Fitzmaaaagic~~~~♪"
"Hey don't underestimate that Fitzmagic, after that pass against Vegas who even knows what you guys are capable of, you may even get your own shot against Buffalo don't waste it"
""
I think him and Mark are coaching quite a few of these young kids in the offense
"I don’t think it is any coincidence that since Dez got here and got on the 53, Boykin and Hollywood seem to be doing a better job of working to get open.  They are watching Dez work every day."
I’d like to think a lot of JKs success is from Mark being in his ear a bit
"I seriously can't like this enough. Everyone knows that Boykin is a stud physically and yet he has had his struggles so I think this is the absolute best case scenario for Boykin as a player and of course as a member of the Ravens. I like what he's been showing recently and I'm excited to see where we go from here, call me optimistic if you want."
"Haven't been a fan of Boykins since day 1, but I really want to be wrong about him. I think our current WR group, while still very young, could be really good in another year or so. Dez can be a great mentor for them."
"hope we start using dez more, he still seems like he has some in the tank."
Lol dez was about to quit
...When your walk-on WR that was known for not understanding the Dallas playbook is a better coach than your current WR coach...
"I know it’s early but what are everyone’s thoughts on bringing in a true WR1 in free agency? I’m thinking along the lines of Allen Robinson, Chris Godwin or Kenny Golladay"
I don’t think we’ll have enough money to get a top receiver while retaining our own key defensive guys + Gus. I do think Marvin Jones could be a realistic get though.
Not enough money
Honestly we'll probably stick with the guys we have. Not enough cap for a star wide receiver. Dez will probably be the biggest name in WR core.
"1) We can’t afford anyone with the cap down 

2) Our system is not attractive for fa WR, and since we are a running team, we would be playing more for less."
"I'm more concerned about the edge/OLB situation.  Ferguson is the only OLB under contract next year.  The other 5 (Bowser, Judon, Ward, McPhee, Yannick) are all FA"
Corey Davis will be more affordable than the top tier 3 or 4 guys and has flashed potential this year and is a great run blocker
"Not a WR1, per say, but I think that Michael Gallup would fit in well and be able to elevate the offense. No crazy money and no crazy ego."
AJ Green on a team friendly deal?
"Because of the incoming cap drop, we dont have the money for a star wr. As of right now, in 2021 we have 40 players in the roster, and i believe 28 mil in cap space. Ingram probably getting released, so bump it up to 33 mil. Both judon and ngakoue are free agents, and we will definitely want one back, with my money on ngakoue. So thats estimated 17 mil left for 10 players.  We currently have (5?) picks in the draft, so call that 4 mil. So 6 players to sign or resign for 13 mil.  Also no way we let cox walk, so thats another million. 

Tldr, we are short on our 2021 roster by 5 players, and will have an estimated 12 million.

Edit: Earl Thomas’s dead cap sucks."
"I think Robinson or Marvin Jones would be good fits. We need a possession-type guy, the sort of thing Anquan brought us at his best."
We will be stingy but I could see us getting a Curtis Samuel type contributor.
"Not enough money, retain Gus and try to nab a WR in R1"
"You just spelled ""injury"" three different ways."
I’d love to draft Terrace Marshall Jr. He has gone a bit under the radar but did well in the few games he played. LSU seems to consistently produce some excellent WRs.
"Might be an unpopular (and unrealistic) opinion, but I would honestly love to have Juju Smith Schuster on the team. Problem is obviously the potential cost, but if he were to take WR2 money or less I think he'd be a great player for us. He's young and has some maturing to do as well as improving on field decision making, but he has shown strong hands and a wide catch radius and would be a solid complement to Hollywood."
""
""
I came
"Happy to see that Greg Roman is finally getting the credit he deserves. The constant ""fire Greg Roman"" comments on r/ravens started to get real exhausting."
/snark/ I think they should fire Greg Roman.  /snark/
"That despite all these posts bringing up week 17 vs the Bengals, the Browns possibly losing to the Steelers backups..

**The Steelers lost to our backups in a week 17 ~~win and in~~ game.**

Edit: I forgot they needed help so it wasn't a win and in deal. But nonetheless they lost to our backups when they needed to win to have a chance.

Fuck. The. Steelers."
"The real question is:: Will  the Browns ""*2020 Walter Payton Man of the Year Award nominee*"" Myles Garrett be suspended again for ripping the helmet off of  Steelers QB Mason Rudolph and hitting him with it in the head?"
"It was not win and in. The Steelers needed help that week and didn’t get it, so even if they won they still would have missed out."
"Week 17 last year wasn't win and in, they needed a lot of outside help on top of a win"
"I'm dumb. I forgot they needed help too.

But my point stands: Fuck the Steelers"
"I know it's fun to say they lost to our backups, but they were pretty banged up last year, and were playing a shitload of back ups as well. It's also worth noting we only sat like 5 or 6 players, not the whole damn roster."
[removed]
It surprises me how many people that watch the nfl seem to want Lamar to fail. “He can’t throw” “he’s a running back” “he can’t win big games”. These next games let’s have his back and let him show them what he CAN do.
People will always want Lamar to fail. If he’s still in the league 6 or 7 years from now it’ll be that same thing you’re seeing now. Everyone who gets major media time at the QB position has haters. People still want Brady to fail 20 years later.
"Fuck bro Im a packers fan and I truly want Lamar to succeed man...  Hes having a down year it happens to the best of them, anyone hoping or wishing for this mans failure is an idiot the league only gets better with better competition on each team.. Lamar will become more comfortable in a pocket scheme...  he wrecked the league with a system built around run first now teams have clued in he will figure it out"
"Hey, sorry, this got long because this is a topic I could talk about forever on a bunch of fronts. The TL;DR is people hate on Lamar because he's changing what a quarterback can be in the NFL, and he's doing it for a team that lots of people like to hate or wish would go away.

Full Thing:

It's because he doesn't look like an NFL quarterback. The NFL is used to QBs being throwers first, and even dual threat quarterbacks like Cunningham and Vick have still basically been throwers first, runners second. Lamar is either a runner first, or he's like a runner 1A and a thrower 1B. He doesn't play the way a QB is ""supposed"" to play and that upsets some people.

The NFL has been really resistant to the idea of QB's as runners: consider that Vick and Lamar are the only two QBs in 100 years of the NFL with 1000 rushing yards. Even if you only include the ""modern NFL"" (i.e. the Super Bowl Era), that's still 60ish years with two QBs that have run for more than 1000 yards in a season, which is otherwise a notable, but not particularly-unusual feat for a tailback; there's multiple 1000-yard-rushing halfbacks *per season*. It gets even weirder when you consider that for like a 20-30 year span, the big offensive system at the college level was the wishbone, which *should* have given the NFL a pipeline of prolific rushers at the position.

I suspect that's because the NFL has a bit of a complex about having to be separate, better, and ""above"" college football (which cost the Pottsville Maroons a championship in the 20's) but that's neither here nor there. Regardless, consider that Lamar has a real chance or recording consecutive 1000-yard rushing seasons as a QB. That just isn't done in the NFL, and it weirds people out.

Plus, I think if the Ravens can sustainably do this with Lamar, a lot of coaches, media types, and front office folks have to square with the fact that this could have been done with other dynamic talents that got shoehorned into other positions (Terrell Pryor, anyone?)  or got set up to fail because of rigid ideas about what a QB is (RG3 comes to mind). Let's keep in mind a lot of people with very good reputations in league circles got egg on their face when Lamar not only refused to work out as or be drafted as anything but a QB, but then had success as a result.

Finally, I think Lamar coming in and helping to re-jumpstart the Ravens after they'd declined a bit sabotaged a narrative a lot of people outside the DMV wanted to see: the restoration of the downtrodden Browns to prominence, facing off against the league darling Steelers (seriously, just listen to the way commentators brownnose the Rooney's at every opportunity, any time there's a broadcast of a Steelers game). It keeps the AFC North a three way race, spoiling two of the league's darlings."
"They’re just sad haters, bird bro... can’t pretend like they forgot his MVP season and T-best 2 perfect passer rating games not even a year ago"
They don't like they Ravens therefore they can't like Lamar.
"Lamar has won plenty of big games, it’s just they don’t consider them big games after Lamar wins so they can continue the narrative. 

Haters gonna hate. Lamar’s fantastic"
"Lamar is a young guy, but he’s a big boy who is handsomely paid. If he leads us to a win or 3 from here it will change the narrative."
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kmruua)"
A/S/L?
30-50 is a big range lol. I’m 33
50+
Age brackets are fucked cause the majority of us are probably early 20s and you lumped them with 30 year olds which probably are less in number
I'll be 30 in like 4 days probably the last survey I'll take saying I'm in my 20's :(
28
Old enough to remember the Colts leaving Baltimore.
16
How dare you!
f thats kinda awkward
Why not 30 to 40!!?? Gotta group us 50 huh
And to think it was mostly old mutha fuckers making up vote party post
""
The Browns' man of the year
This is a funny rivalry
The refs face...
"Besides being on the steelers, what did Rudolph do wrong on his part? I do not remember"
""
You shouldve gotten a goat and named it Tucker.
Tucker?  I hardly know her
I would die for Tucker
That is a thing that is cute
He's so tiny!
What a cutie!!
"Tucker, I beseech thee take us to the promise land and lead us to playoffs. 🙏"
Hi little buddy!! 🐾
Beautiful.
Fucking adorable
"Hey wait. Tucker is MY dog’s name! 

Can’t blame you. It’s a great name."
And what's the name of the dog?
Oh what a beauty!
He's currently sitting at 908.
I only want him to get 92 yards if he rushes for a 92 yard TD.
"I am not expecting it.
92 is quite a lot for Lamar when we have Gus and JK.
Personality I will take the W with a safe and healthy QB over a stat."
"Honestly? I don’t think it’s likely. If the bengals defense is as porous as it should be, then I don’t see them rushing him all that often, especially given the option of either of our backs. The best shot at that is if he breaks open one or two long runs on a scramble."
"I think he can, the handcuffs are off Lamar for this game, it’s playoffs or bust. I see Roman going all out. He carried 27 times against bengals his rookie year lol

Also last game he was hurt and only ran for 3 yards, I think that’s why the bengals defense “shut us down” despite us winning 27-3."
I'd rather he stay safe. But it would be cool if he broke 1000. Whichever. We all know he would have gotten it if that asshole Saunders hadn't taken a week away from him.
Unless Lamar gets one huge run I doubt he gets it. I hope the ravens play it safe and still win. Maybe he try’s to throw the ball more this week.
If he gets 92 this game that’s a bad thing IMO. We’ll want to keep lamar fresh. All it takes is his presence to have an affect on the running game anyway. I think we’ll see Ingram activated this game too. Give Dobbins a break especially if he’s a little banged up from this recent stretch
297 rush yards for 7td and all the records. Fuck the haters I BELEE
"I think it’s 50/50. The Bengals are very bad, and Lamar could easily bust out a 50 yarder again plus 42 more yards on usual plays. But like other commenters have said I don’t think they’re gonna run Lamar a lot here they’ll want him fresh"
"If the runs leading to it are safe with little contact, awesome. I’d prefer our star QB to not get dinged or worse going into a potential playoff run."
"I'd like to see it, but I doubt he'll do it, mostly because we won't need him to. If he breaks off a big run, maybe."
"If he manages to bust off a 60 yard run, then possibly. If it’s just his usual average 6 yards per attempt, probably not."
"I’m expecting around 950 or so, I don’t think he’ll get the carries for it unless we’re randomly in a close game or something"
I’ll give someone 2/1 odds he doesn’t and take either over or under.
Unlikely unless he gets a massive chunk of yards from that counter bash they love.
"Thats just 2 Hollywood break aways and an Andrews mid-field.

I say it's possible, but you can count on the fact that the Bengals know this too and will be on the lookout for the Ravens to do this. It might make better lanes for JK if we just ignore the stat line."
"How do you think the bengals defense will do against the trio of runner Lamar, Gus and Jk?"
"The steelers,giants and colts defenses couldn't stop the run so I doubt it"
"Considering they gave up 12 carries for 128 to David Johnson... I’d guess no they will not shut down the run. I’d be more worried about playing them if they weren’t missing DJ Reader and Adkins in the middle. Cinci has to have one of the worst defensive interiors in the league so I suspect they’ll get a large dose of the Gus Bus right up the middle. And if they can’t stop that good luck handling lamar and Dobbins on the edge. I hope lamar doesn’t have to take any contact this game we can’t risk him getting banged up. 


Looking back on the Bengals Texans game it looked like Cinci had a ton of success with their screen game and play action game. I don’t think Brandon Allen waited more than 2 seconds to get a pass out the entire first half. And that’s very smart to do with their o-line. I’m sure most ravens fans know our defense tends to thrive against QBs who hold onto the ball too long Watson, Daniel Jones, etc. 


So yeah their offense could put some points up on us if we’re not careful. It should he a good warmup for the type of offenses we’ll see in the playoffs.. PA heavy, quick passes, screens, what we struggle with. 


Anyways I’ll say Ravens 31-0 lol. I think Cinci is ready for their vacation and our guys are out for vengeance"
No
As long as we get the win that’s all that matters don’t matter if we torch them in the air or run them outta the building. I can see Lamar finishing the game with 2 TD passes with about 50 - 70 rush yards which would put him 27 TD passes and almost 1k rushing yards. And 11 INTs on the season if I’m correct could be wrong.
Only if they have like 5 Jessie Bates
No. Look at our running YPC by game. No one has.
No.
"I'm more worried about their offense--they've been sneakily effective these past couple weeks and our defense has been hurt/giving up yards in chunks or via penalties.

In terms of their defense, as long as we keep the ball secure I think we can run and control the flow of the game."
No lol
They are going to get absolutely gashed on the ground.
"I grossly underestimated the number of adults there are, so I’m creating a new poll to appease everyone. I physically cannot make more poll options then this.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kmtvtj)"
As someone who is 35 it’s hard to know if I fall in the 25-35 or the 35-45 range here.
"0-19, 20-24, 25-34, etc."
as someone whos 17 i feel young
As someone who is 51 I suddenly feel very old.
"I would have sworn the average age was below 25.

Sometimes it makes me feel better to assume that the people commenting/posting are young and dumb.  

Unfortunately it looks like it’s mostly just dumb."
"ya, we need that pt.3 now"
as a 25 year old im in shambles i didnt know which to pick
I’m old lol.
I feel like that so many polls would just clog the subreddit with unnecessary garbage.
This is mostly to make all of us who love the ravens feel old. And now I open a beer and cheers my other suddenly realized old people
"Hey I am not in the last box this time.

51."
22
Holy shit I’m a boomer
"Should have each section end and start on different numbers. Like 0-20, 21-25, 26-30, 31-35 etc"
"This is not the best survey design for multiple reasons. For one, your age brackets are not even (i.e. you have 20-25, a difference of 5, and 25-35, a difference if 10). Additionally, you have overlapping ranges, so someone who is 25 might not know whether to select the 20-25 or the 25-35."
"I’m old as fuck, yo."
S/O to the old heads above 55
""
Lamar = elite
Still haters in the replies. I think the Browns game was a turning point for Lamar and our offense. Roman learned to just let Lamar be Lamar again.
technically 11-4 then
"People these days think you need Mahomes 35+ tds a year to be considered great and any td amount under 27 you are ass . those same people praise qbs like vick, McNair,McNabb who barley threw for more than 25tds a year with 3500 or less yards. Rodgers only threw 26 tds last year and was called washed...Packers went 13-3"
"arguing with 2 month old accounts with 6 followers (aka trolls) on twitter must be very high on the ""biggest wastes of time"" list at the dawn of the 20s"
"I know the milestones shouldn't matter... but I would really love a breakout run against the Bengals to put him over 1,000 rushing.

Passing over 3k would be better, but way less attainable."
"Look around the league and see what teams would benefit from having a QB putting up numbers like this.

That answer is 'most of them'.  Their front offices could only dream of drafting a QB like this with a low first round pick, play this well at such a young age and have this work ethic and attitude.

Say what they want about stats, playoff wins, throwing outside of the numbers, etc.  Most of the teams in the NFL would take Lamar in a heartbeat."
"If we can win a playoff game or two, no one will care what his stats look like. Dude just needs to win a playoff game. I don't even care how. Hopefully, with all of the adversity we've faced this year, we will be mentally prepared for it. 

Whoever we face, I want to crush them into the ground, though. I'm talking a 4 score victory lol."
In 15 games
"It’s funny cause some of the QBs with the most passing yards are on teams that aren’t good, likely because they probably have to be coming from behind a lot. With Lamar, he doesn’t have to do that a ton, so his numbers don’t get inflated like that. If he doesn’t need to throw the ball and we are having success, then why would we force that? Passing yards are kinda a dumb stat tbh lol"
Most of the people complaining about his off year are probably people who wasted a 2nd round pick in fantasy on a QB and are shocked that Lamar didn't repeat his insane 2019 season.
What if I told you this year for Lamar is reminiscent of Maholmes last year and we know how that ended...
And yet we might still not make the playoffs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sorry for my poor writing abilities btw
[deleted]
""
what a logical take. couldn’t have said it any better myself. kudos to that commenter.
"A Titans fan with the username ""my yummy ass"" dishes out the most logical take on a black mobile QB? I'm so conflicted rn..."
"I’ll never understand why people seem to disregard QB rushing yards and TDs. It’s not like those TDs count for less points so why do so many people disregard them? Josh Allen has 25 rushing TDs in his first 3 seasons. Lamar has 19. Kyler Murray has 15 in 2 seasons. That’s a lot of scoring from these guys with just their legs. Hell, Cam Newton has more rushing TDs than most of the RBs that ever played in the NFL. 

Lamar has 3,500 total yards and 30 total TDs in 14 games this year. Who cares if they came through the air or on the ground?? I’ll take those numbers any day."
"Exactly. Which is why Lamar having 4 of the top 10 QBR games is absolutely impressive. Is QBR biased towards running QBs? Yeah, it is, and? What matters is that they make the play, extend the drive and score touchdowns. Lamar wins games, why discredit him for using his legs? As we've seen, it's not like every other QB can lead a Lamar Jackson drive. It would be just as dumb for Lamar not to run as it would be for Drew Brees to start having designed scrambles. Each QB uses their strengths to lead the offense"
Last October I was arguing with a Steelers fan in real life who said that Lamar wasn't really that good because he depended on his ground game. How fucking stupid can you be?
u/myyummyass you’re welcome here anytime
The comment that led to this statement has been the stereotype of black QBs for literal generations. Some things dont change.
A fan of renaissance italian painting. You don't get a lot of those in football discussions.
Wow. There are 600+ languages in this world and my man choose to speak facts.
"I think a lot of fans are coming to realize that Lamar is an elite QB and just because his style is very different from Mahomes’ and Rodgers’, he can still produce the same result on the scoreboard where it counts the most.

I’d say the extremely vocal minority against Lamar fall into one of a few categories, or a mixture of these:

1. Trolls

2. People who don’t want to admit they were wrong

3. Racists

Anyone who’s watched Lamar play more than a game or two this season knows what he is capable of and how he usually plays. The only really bad game of his I can point to since 2019 is this year vs the Chiefs, and even then it felt more like a team failure than only Lamar’s. Dude’s a straight-up winner and I’m proud af to have him QB the Ravens."
u/myyummyass we appreciate you 😘
Thanks for the love everyone. I love Lamar and love seeing him prove all of the haters wrong. Whatever team Lamar is on will always be my second team.
"I was talking about this with someone recently that with Lamar people forget the position isn't called ""thrower"" and they disregard all the other facets of being an effective QB. It's odd though because when someone talks about a middle linebacker or safety as ""the quarterback of the defence"" everyone intuitively knows that has nothing to do with throwing the ball. Everyone knows that refers to lining guys up, making the play calls, elevating the play of the guys around them, commanding the defence, and preventing points from being scored. Yet, when talking about an actual quarterback, especially Lamar, all those other important factors are disregarded and the focus goes solely to passing stats. It's not only unfair to Lamar, but also pretty much misses the entire goal of an offence and QB (execute the play calls, control the clock, score points, and win games regardless if on the ground or through the air)."
irrefutably based!
"Taking a “shot in the dark”, the Titans had Steve McNair.  Oops Bitches😿🤭🤫🖕🏽"
"Been saying this for awhile.

It's no different than including receiving yards for a running back, which everyone does."
My Yummy Ass gets it
"I’m a fan of Titian’s earlier works, but his turn late in his career baffles me. 

(Ok, I know nothing about art. But I like pointing out spelling mistakes in the most asshole way possible.)"
Exactly. Do you think other teams are only preparing for Lamar's run game? No. They try to prepare for both the run and pass. His passing game is just as dangerous and people saying he can only run are being ignorant.
"Yeah it’s like everyone wants to define a good game on passing yards, that’s so 2000s the position is changing look at the new rookies even burrow can run"
"I've ran into this mentality on this very sub. People say ""QBR is flawed so I like passer rating""


Sure, QBR is flawed but the issue when lamar is in the conversation is that passer rating doesn't really reflect how important he is to our offense"
"As a ravens fan im not saying he is number 1 of course mahomes is better. In not saying he's number 2, Rodgers or Wilson could take that spot. Now for those saying he's not even top 10 just blows my mind."
"Yeah, people are just used to the tom brady, aaron rodgers style of play."
"Yeah it’s crazy people like Tua, who basically one timer / alley oops the snap to his RB or WR and goes like 16/20 and 90  passing yards but don’t like a QB who actually scores like Lamar."
"I think what makes Lamar good is that he makes the run offense so much better and his ability to extend the play, imo he's just an average thrower but whatever works for him is great, I love watching him play"
Next comment is outraged anyone is talking about a player besides Mahomes
"Joe Banner Eagles ex-GM stated that a balanced performance in run n pass game was the ideal for the west coast offense.  It puts tremendous pressure on the defense at every level.  

For a long time blacks had limited access to QB camps, they had to play the position with their legs.  As QB development programs became more accessible producing a Lamar Jackson and Patrick Mahomes was inevitable.  

An offense that has 250 passing n 250 running how do you defend?  Keeping the D playing straight up or 11 on 11 is advantage for Offense."
/r/rimjobsteve
Thumbtacks talking shit? No way...
Damn what a great take.
"Nailed it! Only thing I'll add is that it's important that an offense be able to adapt to the defense. The Giants are the Giants, but their run defense is ranked 6th in the league. I personally thought Jackson did a great job of adapting to this. He threw when he needed to throw and ran when he needed to run. This season may not have been explosive like last year, but I do think we're a team better ready for post season than we were. Jackson has shown great growth this year and I'm excited for his future"
Correct. “My yummy ass” is a wise man!
uh thank you random titans fan
Anybody ever tried peanut butter on a yummy ass?
"A big reason Lamar doesn't have the yards is that he's often better off scramble when most QBs would go for a checkdown or dumpoff. Why add another failure point to pass to a player who, let's be honest, probably isn't as good a runner as Lamar?  


Lamar could bump his passing numbers up if he checked down more, and he'd be worse for it."
"What I always say is that Lamar is the quarterback of two offences, both the rushing and passing offence. 

No other QB in the league, perhaps even league history, can say that. 

Im not saying we wouldn’t have have a good rushing offence without Lamar, our o-line is especially good as run-blockers and Edwards and Dobbins are legit talents. But Lamar takes it from being fringe top 5 to being *far and away* the best rushing offence in the league."
The only thing I'd add is that if you're going to add rushing yards you should also add fumbles and discuss total yards and total turnovers
I will say one thing about Lamar tho. I am not a fan of his hair lol
""
On point analysis
""
"Podcast with u/edromeo on the Ravens offense vs Giants, including:

* OL grades/details
* Review of Lamar's play
* New scheme elements on display
* Buck Allen's impending return (not)"
Did Ken just buck reddit? :)
Best Ravens Pod out there.
""
"He sure looks a lot like Ray Rice in that 27 jersey, general build, and production.  Lots of good tough RBs came out of this year's draft."
"Suddenly this is on every thread. We, the fanbase, perpetually latch on to half-baked ideas and convince ourselves that they’re a home run. Now that the offense is clicking, is this our new stupid gripe? 

Also, does anyone who actually knows what they’re talking about want to weigh in? I’m positive most of these people are just parroting one guy who said “Hollywood is better out of the slot, he’s too weak to play outside”, which is a rule that I have never heard. Even if his production has been better from the slot, smart folks, is this idea nonsense?"
"I believe the slot position is a critical blocking position in Roman’s offense. Having Hollywood in the slot may be a tell that a pass is coming. On obvious passing downs, it may make sense to put him in the slot."
"Slot or Z. 

Just don't line him up on the LoS as the X.

Part of the reason he spends so much time outside probably has something to do with the fact that Snead blows everywhere except the slot."
"It’s not a bad idea unless the “work over the middle on crossers” part is presented. Hollywood actively avoids contact if possible, which is fine, but that’s part of working the middle of the field. His hands on short passes have also been inconsistent. 

The scheme needs to add more rub routes or something that clears out space for him. Otherwise he’s pretty much just a deep threat."
"Dude avoids contact because he is tiny and knows he can't take contact. That shit might work in college, but have you seen the abuse that our receivers take over the middle? It's a horrible, stupid, ridiculously dumb idea.

He can still run crossing routes from the outside."
This idea stems from the belief that the slot WR is just the “fastest” WR.
"Hollywood should play wherever helps us get the most out of our offense. If that's in the slot on a passing 3rd down, sure. If it's outside and we have a blocking WR or TE in the slot for deception, sure. 

This narrative that it even has to be that one thing is ridiculous. I mean we put him in the slot who plays outside? 

This isn't a real conversation, imo, until we get our hands on another receiver."
Hollywood in the slot and Gus out wide as our deep threat. It's so obvious
Literally all his college highlights are from the slot or deep cuts. He’d probably do better running a route that isn’t up the side line.
"Nah, Dobbins is our best slot WR. That motion->end around run he has been doing is money, just fake it every pass play & im sure it’ll open some shit up"
"While the offense is clicking the last few weeks (and what a relief that is), it’s critical to note that it’s doing so against teams that aren’t very competitive. 

I’m open to exploring Hollywood’s success in multiple positions, because if we’re being honest, he’s been somewhat disappointing as a Raven. I would like to have a better sense of how much of that is due to player vs. scheme. Moving him around more may help in that regard."
He should be hill to our Mahomes imo. Not a slot receiver.
"I think we should be throwing him more rub routes, screens, and other space clearing routes. They compliment his deep routes and gives him space to make the first guy miss. The chiefs don’t throw slants to tyreek in the middle very often"
"Given how he hates any contact and hears the footsteps of defensive players, the slot is probably not a good regular option for him."
"I don’t believe Hollywood would be good in the slot. He’s not tough enough. I think where he is is perfect for him, but he needs to line up opposite a true number 1. He will become much more open and become a great receiver that way. The offence as a whole will be much more functional through the air. 

However, none of this will matter if the line can’t hold. They have been playing fairly well as unit recently, but they thrive primarily for the ground game. I’d like to sure I’ll the line in the draft snd the rest may click. It always starts at the front."
"Hollywood would die in the slot and all we have other than him are slot receivers at the moment. 

Fans are dumb as hell"
"If we were to bring in a Robinson or a Golladay and roll with Robinson/Golladay, Brown, Boykin, Duvernay, Proche next year, Hollywood could rotate between playing on the outside and in the slot depending on the situation and the route concepts we want to run.

Another thing to consider about playing Hollywood in the slot on neutral downs is that it will limit our options in the running game because he can’t really block."
I stand by what I said about Roman earlier in the year. No clue about Hollywood.
Sports fandom means talking out of your ass. The number of football fans that understand the game well enough to offer original insights on how an offense is run is tiny. And I'm no exception.
The problem with Hollywood is that his route running/hands aren’t good enough to get separation. He’s also not strong enough to run through the contact. That won’t change if he lines up in the slot.
"I swear I saw some video lately where dude stated that we were not using Hollywood the right way and that he needs to be in the slot. Since I saw that video, there has been so many just echoing it."
Roman can go if he doesnt win us a playoff game this year.
Hollywood should play out of the slot.
"Usually, slot WRs get more free releases which would help a smaller or less physical receiver like Hollywood. Outside corners have the sideline to help them if they come up in press unlike slot corners.

There are other ways to get around it though like stacking receivers and changing if he's on the LOS"
"Calling for Roman to be fired wasn't some sort of hot take. Its pathetic that it took this long for him to get back to the 2019 style of offense. IMO this season was a fire able offense for him. 

I think we will win Sunday but it's not unrealistic to think that we could have missed the playoffs this season. Roman not playing to our strengths was a major part of that."
"The slot would offer him more space to work with on average, so no issues from me there."
Idk of putting him in the slot is thee best answer but he needs to be a more legitimate part of our offense
"Honestly, I'd rather just trade him. I even think his friendship with Lamar hurts the team, as Lamar has given him some wild deep looks to ""get him some"", that have gone for interceptions. I think he's too small for a really physical league, and I'd rather see if we can get some value from him now and improve elsewhere"
""
"AND I SAY CARROLLLLLLLL, PETE CARRROOLLLLLL!!!"
"So I start marching my way down to Mike Tomlin in Pittsburgh and I say ""Tommmlin! Tommlin! Why don't you play your starters so you can bounce the Browns out of the playoffs?"" But when I open the door what do I find? There's not a single starting caliber player in Pittsburgh."
"The Dolphins' odds of a playoff berth seem really high. Are the Bills resting starters or something?

I like the odds of Baltimore, Cleveland, and Indianapolis all winning their games, while Miami winning in Buffalo seems less likely to me.

I see Vegas has a pick'em spread for that game right now, so I guess they're predicting the Bills rest some starters."
I find this guys “act” as a cringe worthy attempt to parody the election.
"Lets hope for decent early January weather this Sunday in Cincinnati. I am pretty sure that few people here want to see the Ravens play in the rain again this season.  At least they have artificial turf, there, so a mud bowl cant happen and it looks like it will be to warm for snow.

Current Weather Forecast for Sunday in Cincinnati:

Showers in the morning, then cloudy in the afternoon. High 43F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%

[https://weather.com/weather/weekend/l/fae4316eb88f220900a7cb7ee6ef6cbbf93a9fcfa516307e909b643e55af4a7b](https://weather.com/weather/weekend/l/fae4316eb88f220900a7cb7ee6ef6cbbf93a9fcfa516307e909b643e55af4a7b)"
"If we get into the playoffs I would love to have a snow game, esp against Pitt."
""
I’ll do nothing of the sort
"Fuck ya'll
/thread"
"As many of us know, the Ravens need to bring in more talent on the WR front. There are some big name FAs on the horizon like Allen Robinson, Chris Godwin, Kenny Golladay. But for all his “distractions”, I think Juju Smith Schuster would be a great addition to this offense. 

Why? He is a tough, physical receiver. That is one of the biggest things I’ve seen other fans want. A tough, physical guy who is sure handed. Juju fits that mold. This is also the same guy who laid out Vontaze Burfict for a cheap shot on AB. 

He is a team player. Juju is a much better player, in my opinion, than his stats this year would show but he’s never complained when Diontae Johnson or James Washington or Chase Claypool get more targets or receptions than him. He’s usually ecstatic for them and from what I’ve seen he looks like a willing run blocker when he needs to be. 

I think if we can bring a guy like Juju in, he fits in with the fun loving, but play hard Raven mentality. He would force Marquise into the slot where he would probably be more effective as a receiving threat

Plus the added bonus of revenge games twice a year could bring out the best in him"
">Why? He is a tough, physical receiver.

Yea, but he's still not good, and won't do anything to open up the offense because he's no threat to anyone. He's the guy that benefits from a #1 receiver. Look what happened when AB left. He's been mediocre at BEST, on a pass heavy offense. In our offense, he'll be just another guy with \~300 yards receiving.

We need a true #1 WR that can draw attention. Otherwise, just keep drafting guys to keep the rotating blender of average/worse WRs going.

Regardless, we're a run first team, so unless we trade for a top WR, or pay an ungodly amount, we're going to be stuck drafting guys.

I am not against bringing in an expensive WR, I just don't see it happening."
"1. The franchise is doing a massive disservice to Lamar if they don’t get him a true #1 WR soon. Our bottom tier WR group is forcing Lamar to run too often and the wear and tear is going to accumulate over the next few years. Please, for the love of all things holy, help (a) Lamar’s growth as a passer and (b) preserve Lamar’s health by getting him some serious WRs.

2. Juju is the type of WR that needs help from a #1 to shine. Sounds like what we already have in Hollywood. I hope the front office aims higher."
I would love to have Allen Robinson but I just don’t see it happening I say we sign dez to another year let him have a full offseason and give Duvernay some time to develop I would like us to focus on our offensive line more this offseason
Like we need him getting other ravens players to dance for tik tok.
No way did I shit all over his tiktok nonsense just to have him do it on my team
"I’m getting sick of these posts and I’m not trying to be a Debbie downer, but please go to underthecap.com. After a quick look at our situation, you will realize we don’t have the money to get a WR of that caliber/that wasn’t a fat check. We need to focus on our pass rushers and Derek Wolfe before we go out and get anyone. I wish it wasn’t the case, but it is."
"As long as I've been following this team, I can't remember a single prominent Steelers player coming to play for us while in their prime. Mike Wallace and Kordell Stewart suited up, but only after stops in other cities after leaving Pittsburgh and only when their careers were practically over. 

That said, I think it's more practical to focus on building the defense and offensive line. Receiver should be on the ""nice to have"" list, not the ""need to have"" list."
"Juju is a slot receiver.

We don't need another slot receiver."
Nah he is a number 2 at best ab made him. Tik tok boy trash
With what money? We can't afford a elite tier wide receiver with only 25 million in projected cap space.
"I say run it back with what we got and give Dez more time to get back into shape and potentially another year to prove himself as a Raven. He was so damn talented in his prime and anything close to that will be the best chance the Ravens got next year given the always tight cap. 

People are quick to forget about Hollywood too. No he's not producing like we drafted him to, but this is still only his 1st healthy season, a year in which the Ravens can't really pass to anyone. He needs to cut the drops and mistakes but he is still young with plenty of time to do so. And seems like Willie Snead could be a potential cut this off-season to save $, but he always seems to makes plays when we need him most, and a locker room guy so between him, Hollywood and Dez...with a better approach to the passing game play call wise, Im not too worried about our WRs. 

Joe Flacco was able to get it done with Anquan Boldin Torrey Smith and Jacoby Jones. Lamar can get it done with a combo of Hollywood, Bryant, Snead and maybe one more WR to go along with Duvernay too who we can't forget either. I don't think we need someone crazy expensive or lucrative, hell the difference might even be a Zach Ertz type signing given how much success Lamar's had throwing to TEs and the success of this offense with multiple TE sets."
"Everyone else you mentioned is way better, though. Godwin especially. Me personally I would be fine with Marvin Jones or AJ Green for now. They're not gonna set the world on fire but they have reliable hands, something this offense lacks, even in Andrews sometimes"
Juju is a slot. We don’t need slots. We need big physical OUTSIDE presences.
"Hes not a ""the guy""."
Hell no
How about NNNAAOOOOOOOOO?
"We run the ball more than any other team in the league. Why do you guys always want a skill position. Upgrade the line and work with what we got. 

We have the most electrifying QB, a top 5 TE and just spent a 2nd round draft pick on a very exciting running back. We don’t need to spend money on a WR that’s going to collect 80-90 targets at best."
[deleted]
I know it’s 2 days away but I just wanted to say Happy New Year to our brothers 1000 miles Southeast of us. I hope it’s ok if we refer to you guys as our Brothers cause we love y’all like you are. I hope 2021 is awesome for both of us and if it doesn’t bring us a SB then I hope it brings you guys one. Here’s a Virtual Hug to you guys. Go on a tear in the playoffs. I can see you guys picking up momentum. You can do this. I think we have a chance too but the Saints and Bucs worry me.
"Happy new year! Rodgers is my MVP selection this year, and hopefully we see each other in the Super Bowl!"
Happy new year to our favorite cheesehead 6411 kms in the west (from my location)
"This guy is like the nicest, most genuine person on Reddit. We can learn a lot from him. Unless it’s a GB / Baltimore SB then unfortunately he gets the blood eagle."
Rogers is beasting this year! Happy New Year and a hopeful Packers Ravens Super Bowl!
Happy News Years to you as well
[deleted]
Happy New Year Jordy!
"Hey you're such a blessing brother, I love the love!"
""
"Hey, it’s a Germaine Pratt highlight!!!"
HE IS HOUDINI!
"I was lucky enough to be live for that one.
The one Ravens regular season game I've been too and my boy Lamar gave me that to remember."
"I don’t know what the future holds for the Lamar Jackson era of the Ravens. I hope it’ll result in multiple Super Bowls, but even if it doesn’t:

Thank you to Lamar to making me excited to be a football fan again. First time I’ve ever had a legit MVP on any of my favorite sports teams and last season was so much fun while they were on their run. I’ll never forget it."
This is what i want to see tomorrow!!
This is maybe the best spin move of all ti.e.
My favorite juke is when the defender falls down and knocks down other defenders trying to make the play.
"This ought to be on the top ten Ravens plays of all time, if such a thing exists"
he broke his ankles!
Was there and surrounded by Bengals fans lol all of them gave up at that point...
I'm certain the Bengals didn't forget either.  Gonna be a tough test for them against our offense though.
"I've watched it maybe 100 times and I still find myself thinking ""I really really really hope Vigil's mother wasn't watching""."
"Even after all these times watching this play, the magic has not worn off. This is probably the sickest ankle shattering I have ever seen, it's such an amazing run. Almost like it was choreographed"
Ankle doctors watching this clip... 😮😮😮
Now he’s got an entourage!
"You know a play is absolutely filthy when instead of hearing cheers if it’s the home team or quieting if it’s the away team, people just went ‘OHHHH’. It’s like shock and disbelief."
"""HE IS HOUDINI"" - Ian Eagle"
HE BROKE HIS ANKLES!
Kevin Harlan man
Harlan has to be one of the best announcers in football. His play by play is probably the most engaging out of all of the play by play guys. It’d be amazing to hear him call a game with romo one day
Gives Me Braxton Miller Vibes
""
That's a clean edit.
When's it drop?
Jokes aside Soul was fuckin great tho
Lmao chillllllll 😭🤣
LMAO
I love you
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kp9t92)"
Gus
"Judon is so overrated he’s underrated is my take..... he gets so much shit, but is pretty decent ngl"
Chuck Clark
I’m gonna say either Tyus Bowser or Bradley Bozeman. Bozeman’s PFF grades were great but he is overshadowed by Brown and Stanley
Bowser 👾
Justin Madubuike and Ben Powers.
Chris Board is so underrated he didn't even make the list of underrated
Deshon Elliot
When Brandon Williams is out teams can run all they want.
Bozeman and Bowser
Morgan Cox
Patrick Ricard
Gus def
LJ Fort
Fruit punch.
""
This dude has been a missed tackle machine🤢
""
"Yannik, Bowser, and a high draft pick with Judon being a 3rd round comp pick the year after."
"This is why Yannick is such a unique element to the defense. He certainly creates his own pressure, but also creates opportunities for other players. 

And it’s not just in the protection that gets shifted his way. He’s best rushing on wide alignments, which clears out space for stunts and blitzes... at least that’s how I understand it."
He’s gonna look terrific in Gotham Green
Wish the dude wouldn't air out stuff about private business conversations. He did it last year too
Also in the comments he states they didn't have discussions because they werent sure about this season and the NFLPA didn't sign off on they year until after the extension deadline. Maybe Judon isn't that expensive?
"No matter how much his price, it was really smart to franchise him, it seems like he’s been due for a breakout year every year since his second season and each season he’s good but not great."
"Honestly I can understand his frustration, especially since the narrative has been that he wants too much.  Tagging him was obviously the smart call and he’s 100% gone next year imo, we’ve let far more talented defenders walk before"
Can we pay him in Taco Bell in hopes he’ll stay that way
"Agreed that this is a tactic that players use to get fans in a lather. Disagree that it would work with our fanbase, given his basically average performance this season and the criticism he gets constantly for not being a difference maker"
LET HIM WALK. I can’t take any more bone headed plays from him
"Not buying it. I remember seeing that Judon had a pretty low win rate considering the amount that he got  double teamed compared to the rest of the league. 

Edit: League, not team."
I wouldn’t mind him walking. He shows up and eats against these bad teams but when we really need him dudes no where to be found. Always makes dumb boneheaded plays to. I wouldn’t mind him staying but if he wants a bag he gonna go elsewhere Baltimore ain’t paying him top dollar for inconsistent play
If EDC can somehow keep Judon & Yannick.... GAHHHH DAMN
"I honestly can't stand him and his boneheaded penalties. Off the field, he seems to be a fun person but his on field production isn't something I'm going to miss. Let him go to the Jets."
Idk how he made the pro bowl with six sacks. I like judon but we need more from him he had almost half his sacks this year against dwayne haskins it would be nice to see judon actually get double digits sacks In a season. He's consistent for about 7 or 8.
Judon is an average LB
I don’t get it...how has the plot thickened nothing has changed? Only reason Judon is playing better is because Ngakoue and the other Dline are stepping up...we all know Judon and I’m sure the team does too. Let him walk and command a big contract he is not worth and re-sign yannick
"Didn't see this coming. So is he pissed at the Ravens for not making an offer, or the media narrative of negotiations being too far apart?

In hindsight, the off-season was unstable. Remember Brockers and that story?"
[deleted]
""
Hope you have a better 2021. Starting Sunday!
"Dude, that Stover and Tucker pic is straight 🔥 

Where did you find that?"
"I feel ya dude, I just had to put my dog down about 12 hours ago--she was sick since summer. Trying to get over the abyss that was 2020...a dub tomorrow would be a nice start."
Hope 2021 is a turning point and you have a great year! I also have to ask where did you get that oriole bird and Poe portrait. I love it
Bro that limited edition MVP jacket is absolute 🔥 my goodness.
Been to st micheals huh
""
We control our destiny. Just win. Lay it all on the line and don’t hold back. Play to our strengths in the run game. Don’t do what the Browns did against the Jets and make Lamar throw 50+ times.
"Is it just me with severe ptsd?

Just me?

Ok Bye"
Let’s Gooo! FINISH!
Houdini back at it again today
Missing first my first game of the season with a 24h in the Covid ICU 😔😞
"4:38pm here in Aus, game starts at 5AM... although it’s not being shown on what I use to watch sports, might have to look for a stream."
I swear to god if some bull shit happens again
Checking in from the sandbox across the pond. 10am here!!! Let’s go!! I need some purple playoffs!!
its only 9pm in cali
Watching the game(s) with my Dad here in Europe at 7pm! Stunt on them hoes!
Im awake im awake. Making butter chicken and ready to be anxious all day
ITS WHAT??
We’re kicking in some teeth today!
WOOP BIG TRUSS
"Driving up to Orlando from Clearwater to watch the game with my sister at a Raven’s bar. Can’t wait, let’s punch that ticket"
Im new to nfl so i dont know the rules of qualifying for playoffs. How does it look for us? Can we go through and what is required for that to happen?
"Not gonna lie, I'm scared. We have been here before and it has not ended well. I hope we win, I know we can win but we haven't won yet."
"hopefully Cincy remembers they really need Sewell and tanks. IMO, we win, as doe CLE and IND then Miami loses"
I'm awake. Ready to watch the guys get this dub!
Please based football gods let Llama have Houdini 2.0 for his 7th rushing TD of the game
""
On these hoes he shall stunt.
Big trusss
#STUNT ON THESE HOES
Run all over ‘em!
Is this like the exorcised version ever since that playoff game? Cause since I’ve been seeing this. We’ve been winning.
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpfdil)"
"We’re playing better but we’ve also basically been playing a who’s who of the worst defenses in the league with the exception of NYG, but because their offense is so bad we match up extremely well against them. They aren’t capable of getting a lead and forcing us to go away from the run and teams that can do that have been out Achilles heel. 

I love we’re playing with confidence again but at the same time I’d be be careful drawing any conclusions against defenses like Jax, Cleveland, and Dallas."
If Soulja can keep catching the ball then the offense can get into a rhythm finally. The biggest thing every opponent says time and time again is to win against Lamar you keep him in the pocket. If someone other than Andrews can catch a ball and make plays then it opens up the field for the run and Lamar to do his thing.
Guess Greg adjusted
"Things are never so simple. It’s a culmination of things, we found a good O line unit, Soulja is settled in, Dez opens things up, Dobbins has acclimated himself, etc"
our schedule got easier
think we'd know if Roman wasn't calling plays anymore
"Combination of the schedule getting easier, getting players back, keeping the oline mostly consistent for a few weeks, better execution, and better play calling. Remember Roman losing his shit on the TD that wasn't due to a penalty? He's still calling plays. Losing Boyle has forced the offense to adapt into more spread formations offer 2TE and Dobbins emerging quickly have been two other major factors in evolving the offensive scheme."
They have been wayyyyy better than they were in the beginning
"It feels like they are creating more and more space with the playcalling, so teams cant stack the box even if they wanted. The next step is finding out how to get Duvernay more touches and getting Hollywood more YAC (as he's been more willing recently to try and get extra yards)"
His game plan got better with an earlier emphasis on the run. That's it. And he should have been doing it since week 1.
""
[https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/koazd1/final\_season\_match\_up\_photoshop\_ravengers\_endgame/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/koazd1/final_season_match_up_photoshop_ravengers_endgame/)
Gus Bus should be Bruce Banner
""
The old emotional hedge.
"Not a bad bet really. If you win, you just turned $5 into a nice little pay of. If you lose, Ravens are in the playoffs."
The Dolphins and Titans game have no consequence of the ravens making the playoffs.
"Hi everyone, 

I have been following the Ravens since 2011 but only the last 3 years I have watched everything.

Todays game (6pm here) is the first time I have the pre game nerves/excitement of a big game like I do with football overhere.

Nothing beats the buildup to a big game, food/beer and the pre-match buildup!

LETS GO RAVENS!!"
I’ll be drinking some of your country’s delicious whisky during the game to keep my nerves lowered. Cheers and FTS!
"European Flock member here, I have the pepperoni pizza and the blue M&M's ready for the game today at 6pm.

Quick question: did you not have the nerves for the playoff game vs the Titans? That was the most excited I have been for a game since 2014 because I missed the playoffs so much and I felt like we had a real chance"
Fellow Scottish Raven reporting for duty - let’s finish the job today and go on a postseason run! 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
"Mon the Ravens 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Big up fae Livi"
🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 hapnin!
Londoner Raven. Been a fan for two years now. This year has been my first where I'm fully invested in the NFL. Can't wait for the game today.
Also a Raven. Also live in Scotland. Can't wait for the game tonight
"UK fan from 2011 here as well, was sometimes tough saying up late for primetimes without flaccos checkdowns sending me to sleep. But since Lamar came I can't miss a game, every weekend is must watch football.

I was kacking it in week 17 against the browns too when Mosley saved us, but yeah after Boyd I'll never be complacent, even against these mugs today."
"Irish raven here with Scottish roots (grandparents from Glasgow and Dalkeith). Let's secure playoffs today.

Flock abú!"
"Alright mate,  I thought I was the only Scottish raven. Good to know there's more out there"
Theres a Scottish and UK ravens Twitter group if you wanna join that.
"Yas! Scottish Ravens fans represent.

Back when my pal picked up Madden '07 for his Xbox, I needed a team, not long after I settled on the Ravens, Baltimore seems to have a lot in common with Glasgow and that was one reason I picked them out.

Much love fae Glesga and best a luck the night lads!!!!"
"Portuguese Raven here.
I guess the last time I felt something like that was last year's playoff game day...."
North East England up in huuur! Howay the Ravens
How do you watch the game over there? CAW-CAWWWW!!!
Welcome aboard!
Spanish fan here
We love our fans with an accent!! Glad to have you!
Manchester Raven living in Barcelona. I'm fucking hyped for the game and will be switching over from the Manchester City game before full time because Big Truss!
I love this thread!!!!
Hi fellow British Raven! 👍
Aussie Raven here. Lets go Flock!
"You said it man, what is the pregame meal you have on tap for today's game."
"I’m Irish and been a fan roughly the same amount of time. Biggest one for me and the year I really got into it was in 2014. 

The playoff game against New England that year was one of the best games I’ve watched. Unfortunately we lost it but that run coincided with the first year I watched every game and it was such a bittersweet ending."
"Northern Ireland checking in too! 

Been alot more nervous for other games but the excitement is definitely there for this one too. Feels special but just need to do the job today first. Enjoy everyone!"
"US native with Scottish / Ravens blood. Flock, you bonny Ravens!"
"Hello in Scotland. COYR, let's go Aberdeen!"
Love hearing about international fans! Go Ravens!
Caw Caw
Great to have you in the family! LETS GO!!
"Since Lamar came on the team, i find myself much more relaxed while watching the games"
I'm curious to know the Gaelic word for raven.
[deleted]
Glasgow area Ravens fan here checking in 🥳
"Scots are natural Ravens fans. They've got the attitude. Aye!

I've got a bit of Scots Irish in me. The rest is German."
"Baltimorean Raven here. 

You rock."
Once restrictions loosen and fans are back you gotta come to a game. Nothing beats the ravens walk energy. Most fun you’ll have possibly ever
"Nice, me too, where abouts?"
You weren’t nervous week 17 of 2018 😂
[deleted]
Thug Rose?
Look like she about to go super sayan fr
Love the passion man. My gf leaves the room once the game goes on. Nice you can share it man!
This the face toddler's make when they poop in their diapers
Lol shes the unofficial mascot of r/Ravens for this playoff push!
Furiosa bring us to the playoffs
LETS GOOOO
Can she catch?  I'm seeing at a TE with a nasty streak.
"You gotta post this during the playoffs now, no choice"
Lmao LETS GOOO
I’m the same way. Let’s GOOOO!!!
"has anyone ever seen OP’s girlfriend and Mark Andrews in the same room? I have a theory……



^/s"
Hell yeah
LETS GOOOOO
She looks PUUUUUUUUMPED! LET'S DO IT!!
I said itast week and I'll say it again this week. Your got yourself a keeper
Good ole Riley Nixon.
Post this next week my friend
Better remember to post it again next week
She looks ready to laugh at their late game pointless field goal
We better see her next week
Does she still have that awesome hair?
Chicks like this always have fire box
Bald girls are so fucking hot.
[deleted]
""
The fact that he averaged those stats through 16 games last year is more amazing.
"Everyone is saying look at the record of those teams, but he wasn’t exactly lighting up the bad teams earlier (outside of CLE week 1).

He clearly had some injury limiting him, and Roman was still trying to do the old shit with worse personnel. Now he’s healthy and Roman has adjusted."
last 4 wins the opponents record is a combined 18-36 though. take it with a grain of salt
Truzz
""
That doesn’t seem too hard
"*looks at Bengals rush defense ranking*

I have faith"
I hope Lamar can get 1k again
We should get it: In the 1st Half
"If we rush for 133+ plus, I'm pretty confident that's a win."
I have Lamar Jackson and JK Dobbins in a couple DFS lineups this week
Maybe we can let’s hope though
Hey guys just in case you were wondering we did this
"LMAO, Remember those fucking dummies a decade ago that didn't think the pistol offense would work in NFL?

Chris Ault sends his regards."
More like 233 for 2900 consecutive yards.
404: Bengal's defense not found.
"I think that will happen. 
I don't think Lamar will get his 93 though."
not bad for a running team
We'll have that by the end of the first quarter.
"The single game record (423 yards) is in play now.  Although we got stopped on fourth down, we are only 32 yards away."
i dont have a concern we are getting it
So we got like 400 yds no big deal.
Dobbins smashed that by himself today
I bet he's willing to come out of retirement just for a ring. If Gronk and Rice can do it Megatron can point blank period. This man was physically gifted
"You’d lose the bet.  He has been very adamant that he’s not returning to football.  Injury concerns, specifically concussions, being the reason.  Lions being a shitty franchise didn’t help, but there were other reasons.  He has multiple ventures he’s working with and seems happy."
Why
"No. Just... no. 

The Lions ruined that man's love for the game. Hes not interested in coming back, last I had read he dosen't even watch the NFL anymore."
"Lets get HYPED! week 17 and we win we in!

&#x200B;

This is my fav lamar highlight video - getting pumped for the game in a few hours. lets get this fellas!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTl0w4O4K18&ab\_channel=HypeProductions2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XTl0w4O4K18&ab_channel=HypeProductions2)"
Let’s gooo!!!!!
"Why does Lamar get me so fucking hyped..? Like Ray Lewis coming out the tunnel eating grass hyped.. Whenever I see him on TV embarrassing the competition and dancing, you know it’s over.. Chiefs/Titans gonna need to experience that. When he just takes your soul on prime time and laughs about it lmao 😂"
"Let’s assume all current expected FAs don’t resign, and let’s keep this realistic."
"One thing I would certainly *not* call Big Dick DeCosta is ""ED""."
"The first thing I do is wait patiently.  A lot of the best teams like the chiefs, Steelers and Saints are way over the cap.  The ravens are under the cap and are in good position to pick up guys for cheap.  There are going to be a lot of midtier free agents that have to take significantly less money due to the salary cap crunch.  There are going to be a lot of decent vets who get cut.  Let all the bad teams blow their money in the first two days of free agency, then Decosta goes in getting decent players at dollar store prices.

Assuming that we resign all free agents is beyond unreasonable.  Judon, bowser, yannick, McPhee, Wolfe, ward etc.  no way we resign all of them.

And before anyone says that we have plenty of cap space, just remember that we need to sign our draft class and ultimately extend Lamar.

Lastly, I look to trade Orlando for a 1st and a 4th.  No way we can pay 2 tackles.  Showing that he can play left tackle well should bring a lot of value especially since he is still cheap next year."
"re-sign(not listing everyone):

* Ngkaoue
* Bowser
* Wolfe
* Snead
* Board

trade away/release:

* Tavon(injuries)
* Ingram(we don't need him)

sign(FA):

* Corey Davis/Marvin Jones
* A 3rd TE
* A cheap edge rusher
* a half decent center

draft:

* IOL
* S
* LB/DE
* WR/3rd TE
* slot corner to replace Tavon"
"Guys up front on D will have to get addressed. Ngakoue, Wolfe, Ward, and Ellis are all UFAs. Judon, Bowser, McPhee, and Board (RFA) are also free agents. We obviously don't let all of them go lol.

Hoping we do something about the passing game. I'd be happy with another pass catching TE, but WR is obviously important. Snead and Dez are UFAs and I wouldn't be surprised if we let them both go.

O-line has to get solidified. A strong center would do wonders. I'm not confident in Skura and Colon-Castillo is only 23, but if we let them both go then we have no C on our roster. Gotta figure that out for Lamar's sake lol.

We need DB depth. I don't trust that Tavon Young or Jimmy Smith will be healthy all season and we can't be playing next year's schedule with limited DBs. Every game is going to be very important (tougher schedule next year IMO). Fortunately most of our DBs are under contract through next year.

I think that WR and OLB/DE should be priority in the draft, obviously depending on who is available. If a JK Dobbins type player is available at our pick (a position that we don't necessarily think we *need* at the time), we obviously take a game changing player regardless of position."
When we win the superbowl I will most definitely not have ED.
"Well, I expect we keep some free agents. Which obviously affects how we draft. 

But if we’re saying *none* re-sign, then I still don’t think we sign a top WR. We would likely spend on replacements for Edge rushers; maybe we would also spend on a mid-tier WR or TE.

The lower league cap # is really unfortunate, because it essentially wastes an offseason of Lamar’s rookie contract."
"We still need to see how this team performs in the playoffs but there are a few things we can improve on offense.

First, add a receiver like Golladay or Robinson. With the offense spreading out, we need a dependable outside receiver that can win 50/50 jump balls.

We should still be a running team with Dobbins and Gus but we need a Boldin-type vet receiver on this team to compliment them and Brown. 

For the draft, I hope they focus on adding talent to the oline. Its gonna be tough to keep Brown and Stanley so we should keep adding blue chip talent to eventually replace whoever leaves. 

Imo, the biggest lesson learned this year is the importance of the offensive line to this scheme. The loss of Yanda's impact was hugely underestimated. It took half the season to figure out how to make this line work."
Trenches
"We resign Yanny, Wolfe, Bowser, easy.

Release Ingram

Trade Tavon Young and a 22 2nd for Julio Jones, injury has massively tanked his asking price.

If Watt is released pick him up too.

Draft db or edge round 1.

OL round 2

Hb if gus dont resign, linebacker otherwise"
[removed]
Welcome to paradise 🎶
Kept faith all season it's been a rough ride but let's get to the promised land!
Happy Birthday !
Happy Bday 🥳 and let’s get it!
L freaky here. I got you fam
HBD! 🎊
"Yup! After every shitty loss I kept telling myself, “ if we’re beating teams in January, I’m not gonna look back at the pats game and give a flying fuck”.  Regular seasons just rarely tell the whole story. The team that got embarrassed by the chiefs may not be the same team today. And vice versa. We as fans get too caught up in the moment and try to declare sweeping generalities. I get it. I do it too. But the last few seasons I’ve tried to adopt this mindset to help me cope with tough losses. And honestly, it’s the most logical mindset. And now here we are, after all the ups and downs we’re rolling and I like our shot as much as anyone’s. Happy birthday btw🥳"
Happy Birthday!!  :)
Happy Birthday fellow January 3rder! Wishing for a good trip to the playoffs for our birthdays today!
Happy birthday.
Happy Bday! Mines next week so I hope to join ya in that!
Happy joint birthday! Though I have a dozen years on you.
I turned 30 on Christmas Eve......and we want the same thing
Happy birthday!!
[removed]
Being woke for two days for this man
BIG TRUSS
""
why tf would ozzie leave as our GM to retire and be VP of whatever he wants to go be GM at Texans LOL
Sources say: John McClain not the guy from Die Hard; that is John McClane
So fucking sick of La Canfora just making shit up to get clicks. Fuck that guy. Ozzie a Raven for life
We all need to give a big thanks to Ozzie for all he has done for the Ravens! I pray he stays with us until he retires and then goes back to the HOF as a GM. In Ozzie and EDC we truzz.
"Everyone:


McClain: Ozzie Newsome is not a candidate for the Texans GM job."
"Ravens executive VP Ozzie Newsome not a Texans GM candidate, sources say

***

posted by [@McClain_on_NFL](https://twitter.com/McClain_on_NFL)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Ozzie knows better 🤣
More fake news from jason la canfora
Whoever takes that job ain't got a whole lot to work with. So it's a get your foot in the door kind of gig.
Ozzie is getting too old for that shit
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpn8n3)"
RGIII.  Hes nice but idk why the FO thinks he can run the Lamar offense.  Scares the shit outta me seeing him run lol
Who tf is overrating Hollywood. Seems to be pretty hated as of late
Does anyone really think McSorley is good? I’m pretty sure he’s just a tik tok meme.
"Currently: Chris Moore

All time: Michael Campanaro"
Matt Judon
Marcus Peters. Not nearly on the same level as last year and gets picked on frequently.
"I think everyone there other than that ""Other""  fella, I think are appropriately rated."
"I voted for McSorely, but I think Judon is overrated. No way he’s getting top dollar next season. From us or anyone."
Who tf is overrating Peters?
""
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpnf5e)"
"Huntley makes the most sense given his style. I just haven't seen enough of him to go ahead of Trace. I think McSorely has looked good when he's been in. RG3 shouldn't be on the roster, though. He's had so many chances to play, and not once did he look good. Not to mention he's made of glass and isn't even reliable as a #2."
"Woah woah woah


How is the best passer in nfl history third in this pole???"
TRACE THE ACE man performed pretty well in some tough tough situations. We don’t win that game against the browns without that clutch 3rd down throw to Snead
Y’all saw huntley take 4~ snaps
Sam Koch for the memes alone
Poor RG3 I'm not sure where he can even go as a back up
Huntley in his few minutes looked better than any time McSorley or RG3 took the field. He's the closest of the three in speed to Lamar for sure
""
Truzz*
where was that lamar votive candle from last year?
He's like the Patron Saint of Our Family
Amen
For so even if Lamar giveth away at the beginning surely he taketh away from thine enemy in the end. Amen.
"Playoffs again , fuck the Titans"
In Llama we truzz*
r/beleers 🙏🏾
Monastery Icons art style... hmm... 😒😒😒
""
"Up 35 going to the playoffs and I'm mad our second string QB isn't helping us get to the rushing record

We're spoiled"
Wait a minute. Illegal shift is our penalty.
"Lowkey feel like this is a good thing for the ravens getting no bye week, to help carry the momentum"
Uh oh... is this the Cincinnati spoiler we’ve been warned about...??
People’s opinions in this subreddit of Brown 📈📉📈📉📈
According to nflpenalties.com we were just awarded our 7th illegal formation penalty. No one else in the league has more than 3 this season and since 2009 we are tied with the 2019 Texans and the 2018 Bills. If we get one more we’ll have the most!
Anthony Averett is proof that bullying works
"17 plays 93 yards 8:39 off the clock, that’s some 2019 Ravens shit right there 👀"
Dobbins creating a new legacy for #27. You love to see it.
So I'm getting a dobbins jersey.
"Last time Cincy won a playoffs game, the USSR still existed."
"Peters straight out there with a ""FUCK PI, ALL MY HOMIES HATE PI"" kind of pick"
I got nervous and put Dobbins on the bench for my fantasy championship game. Please shame me for my lack of Truzz.
Was hill even down? Lol. He rolled on a guy and flipped.
Chuck Clark giving us one more chance to get the record. ZERO HUNTLEY KEEPERS.
"""doesn't have to do much with his arm"" 

Has two beautiful pass TD

Pick one dipshit announcer"
Tony Gonzalez is such a Lamar hater
Refs apparently waiting for the defenders to push Duvernay all the way back into the endzone before whistling the return dead.
Lol I love the celebrations from the Bengals. Brownie points for everyone!
"Man, what a steal Dobbibs was. That man is one hell of a running back"
How to get turnovers: piss off Marcus Peters
Ravens need 73 more rushing yards for the single game record
JK Dobbins has 160 rushing yards wtf
"I really wish the announcers would talk about the rushing record. We're literally 30 yards away and they aren't saying anything about it.


That shit is 70 years old, c'mon"
Blame of the game Huntley
It’s cosmic justice that AJ Green’s final game as a Bengal is a blowout from the Ravens
"Now these asshats wanna have a defense, just as we’re this close to the record. Fuck!"
"If you don't like illegal formation penalties, you don't like Ravens football"
To be fair the bengals coaches had about 45 minutes to draw something up
Three timeouts and thirty seconds? Why not at least try to get into field goal range?
This is great. Boys enjoy this because if you’re anything like me playoffs games are unenjoyable due to severe anxiety lmao
That’s what you fucking GET for calling PI on the Juiceman!
Someone should be getting Peters mad all the time
"This is likely Mark Ingram’s last regular season game in Baltimore, so...

#GET THIS MAN A TD"
Townsend still hasn’t punted today lmao. And probably won’t.
Huntley has poor vision as a runner. Highlights how good LJ is.
"Excellent coverage on the kick, possibly because ^(JOHN HARBAUGH USED TO BE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH IF YA DIDN'T KNOW)"
maybe we just gotta get Brown three warmup drops before we hit him with the long ball
Hayden Hurst got a TD vs TB. Good for him!
THAT MAN MARCUS WAS PISSED OFF
Apparently JK stiff armed Germaine Pratt on that TD lol
"""Edwards, all that girth, all that size..."" 

Announcers all about that thicc bus lol"
Mark Ingram for 1. Deja vu
Death taxes and illegal formations
Souljas get TDs!
Lamar is so good.  Holy smokes is he the man or what?
Can we give credit to Lamar for working on his passing. He’s still not elite but I love guys who give a shit and put in WORK. My QB
"Defense: Given 8 minutes to rest
Also Defense: I sleep"
"I wouldn’t be mad if we drafted an edge rusher 1st round, we desperately need it!"
Wink going to sneak into the bengals locker room and strangle taylor after that lol
"2 steelers arguing and swiping with each other, lmao"
I actually want the Ravens to be a part of the playoff game that is simulcast on Nickelodeon. (The game would still be on CBS without the gimmicks and slime.) Why? Because a win along with Lamar being his spectacular self will usher in a new generation of Ravens fans.
Love the OL telling Dobbins to go keep the ball since he just broke the record
Jets are the hottest team in football
Steelers looking at us in awe of our ability to beat the bengals
"PETERS that was so amazing, called for the PI then made up with the pick"
"Pretty sure we didnt have Campbell or B Will during the Tits game either

I am confident we can pull that shit off man"
"Ravens playing the bengals in week 17 and I'm *not* stressed out going into the fourth quarter?

Today is a good day."
"Bro you’re down by 35 and you’re challenging that? You really want Wink to murder you don’t you, you masochist"
Now we need a playoff win.  Fuck the Titans.
"Dude, if we abandon the run in the playoffs SO HELP ME"
RIP Mark Ingrams career with the Ravens. It’s clear that JK and Gus are now the 1-2 punch we use. I’m hoping that he sees playing time somewhere good. He’s been a hell of a player for us but IMO the writing is on the wall for him here
Who was that dickhead on the bengals talking shit?  Has he played a snap?
Dolphins now down 14-3
"Oh God they're kicking a FG, someone hide the knives from Wink"
"If the Browns somehow lose to Mason Rudolph and miss the playoffs they will reach apex Lol-cow


it just would not get any funnier than that"
"Lack of Yannick evident today on the pass rush, it's hard to believe we got by before he got here"
Some of these clown ass reporters were really acting like the Bengals were gonna win.
Dobbins and Lamar are a fucking lethal combination
">The #Ravens have now rushed for 230 or more yards in four of their last five games. - @BaltimoreLuke

>J.K. Dobbins just set the Ravens rookie record for total touchdowns in a single season (8), and the Ravens set the franchise record for rushing touchdowns in a single season (23). - @ryanmink

>Dobbins now has a rushing TD in six straight games to close regular season. - @jeffzrebiec"
Reminder: The Steelers recently lost to this team
Lol at all the talk on r/nfl about the Bengals being the ultimate spoilers. Wishful thinking.
Well that makes up for everything lmao
Referees mad about that one
Marlon running down the ball carrier makes that play possible. He nearly stripped the ball too. Hes such an impact player from the corner position
***Nope. Over for them.***
This team beat the Steelers????
If Huntley breaks a big run lets all go streaking
Is there some way we can lock our team in a bubble so they don't get sick before the playoffs?
This will be Harbaugh’s 9th playoff appearance in 13 years
Watching the bungles cheer lol. Fucking bums
Huntley doesn't even know the damn plays
God damnit. Huntley looks absolutely lost out there on these called runs. So damn close to getting it...
"Why are these commentators so fucking clueless. The Ravens are only like 30 yards from breaking one of the most sacred records in NFL single game history , and they are talking about random bullshit"
"Great td call but omg... how in the fuck did hollywood drop that ball?

That was one of lamar's best deep passes of his career. BTW, lamar has seemingly worked on his trajectory as of late. He's putting a bunch of air under the ball now."
Illegal shift not on us?!
"Lamar just learned something new about deflections, love to see him get experience hopefully he can adjust."
Did Hollywood not expect that pass lmao
Way to go Hollywood
Crazy that we can be winning 17-0 in the 2nd quarter and be more dominant than the score indicates
">Jackson was just TOO GOOD

never thought i will ever hear this from an announcer"
We gonna be watching the Ravens on Nick next week?
"Ravens are completely dominating the Bengals through the first half: - @sgellison

* Score: 17-3
* First downs: 13-3
* Time: 22:00 - 8:00 
* Yards: 258-62"
averett learning what football is wasnt something i expected but i love it
"Green: ""Nah, I think I'm done this year, fam."""
"I don’t know about y’all, but I’m having fun"
give lamar his 1000 for the season please
Lamar 1k szn let's go!
WOOOOOO Lamar
"Ok, that SHOULD be it for Lamar today."
The ref getting in peters face wtf
I hope that was a touchback.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA FUCK THE BENGALS FUCK GERMAIN PRATT AND FUCK THE FUCKING SUS REFS
"YEAH PETERS, SHOW THOSE REFS WHOS BOSS💪"
"Throw a flag on that, shitty ref.

Green's not getting that record no matter how much you want to help him."
Pratt got stiff armed 🤣
Jermaine Pratt highlight
"If we play the Titans, I hope we run the score up like no other"
Ravens have 350 rushing yards in the 3rd quarter. All-time record is 423. We could be watching history.
"**The New York Giants have the most rushing yards by a team in a game, with 423 yards against the Baltimore Colts on November 19, 1950.**"
"""When you see Hunt, we aint gonna punt, Bitch.""

- Tyler Huntley, probably"
58 more yards is doable we can do this
my dudes... there is still so much time left
Fuck it I’m going in for 100 yards
Nice to have an absolute stress-free beat down before the inevitable playoff heart palpitations next week.
#Galaxy brain Huntley gave the bungles the ball back so JUICEMAN can pick a deep pass so we can get more rushing yards
We need jackson back in
"Lamar Jackson: throws the football

Announcers: ""Can Lamar Jackson throw the football?"""
Ingram really is washed.
#WE’RE 22 YARDS AWAY FROM THE ALL-TIME SINGLE GAME RUSHING RECORD
I feel like we lost. I wanted that record lol
Averett is the prime example of why you have patience with draft picks
"Dude when Lamar is confident, he is the best QB in the league 

go ahead and fuckin @ me"
RAY RICE 2.0 (on the field)
Peters is getting back at everyone with that pick! Fucking right
#HAHAHAHA PETERS WITH THE IMMEDIATE REVENGE
"Ref: flag

Peters: ...and i took that personally"
Who else has butterflies?
Bengals are missing their top 2 CBs. Don't be surprised if we take some deep shits early
"I know everyone is suddenly pissed at Roman. But it was the holding call that fucked us.

Unpopular opinion maybe but we just moved down the field relatively easily and taking a ton of time off if we keep doing that and giving defense a ton of rest while wearing out their defense it’s a recipe for success"
OPI and an injured player. Ooooph.
Boykin has straight up been better than Brown. Absolutely hilarious and pathetic at the same time.
"69 yard touchdown drive.

Nice."
Isn’t it a bit ironic for the NFL to hold the moments of silence for Covid victims while having fans at the game? Lol
Do people outside of us know who Gus Edwards is? He’s legit one of the better backs in the league.
I really hope we can keep Gus. No idea what his price will be or what we’ll be willing to pay
[deleted]
We’re so fortunate to have such amazing running backs!
Lamar like fuck you I'm staying out here lol
Quick passing plays? Roman’s evolving
Holywood playing like a rollercoaster
"Peters is back out there talking shit 

A welcome sight"
wink martindale fucking PISSED right now
I wonder how a Nickelodeon broadcast would handle a gruesome injury
"I want revenge on the titans so bad, can't stand how arrogant they've gotten"
"Justin Tucker's wife: ""I swear to god, you better not get us Royal Farms chicken for dinner again. We've been eating it for 9 days in a row now.""

JT: *switches letters around* ""no worries. I brought home Foyal Rarms...uh...fried turkey!"""
Lamar's goal today: zero punts
"Lamar Jackson needs 22 more yards for 1,000"
READ THE FUCKING FLAIR
Freaking love that kid!
OH LAWD LAMAR COMIN FOR THE AFC
Dobbins is going to be great for this franchise
#Referees Hate Him
#The entire sub just nutted!!!!!
"LMAO ARE YOU SERIOUSLY CHALLENGING THIS

FUCK OFF DUDE, LET'S PUT UP 50 ON THEM"
# THEY'RE ALREADY DEAD
Aye what's that single game rush record ppl! We need that right now cant let the opportunity go to waste🤣
This is valuable time for Huntley. Awesome he gets a whole quarter of live game action.
I don’t wanna hear any Greg Roman slander unless he actually fucks up in the playoffs
Huntley looks awful and this is garbage time
This is painful to watch Huntley run/bounce around lol
i'm really happy for chuck. what a fucking stud we found
Let us hang 424 on you Bengals🥺👉👈
There is only one lamar jackson. Well there's 2 but ya know what I mean.
Bungals really scored 6 points against us all year lmao
I wish the Bengals weren’t in our division. I want to root for Joe Burrow when he comes back.
Can they at least zoom in on the damn replay? How can we see what happened from up there
"Brown needs to catch a football 1,000 times a day its getting ridiculous with drops from a round 1 draft pick"
Boykin really starting to turn things around the 2nd half of this season 🤯
Great throw... Boykin out here vying for Marquise’s spot
Lamar is ON POINT on his deep shots today it seems. Love to see it. Too bad none of his deniers will ever watch this game
"Brown: Damn almost had it
Boykin: Hold my dick"
"Jackson is 2 for 2 on the long-ball today, Brown's drop is completely on him not Lamar"
I hope they tell me that Ricard weighs over 300 pounds a few more times!
Seeing another team get flagged for an illegal shift or formation :O
Illegal shift that’s not on us???
Genuinely I don’t get Hollywood Brown getting the drops all the sudden. He was insane in college. Watched him roast WVUs secondary over and over again.
Who else think most of the Bengals fans only showed up for a chance to watch Lamar?
Shoutout Bozeman for throwing Gus for some extra yardage lmao
I missed the first quarter but see Marquise “The Soulja” Brown dropped yet another long ball. Excellent
Lamar needs 64 more yards for 1000.
Big Girth Chungus Edwards.
Good play by Board to use the boundary
"Board has been having a crazy quiet season but developed in a big way. Very curious who our starting two at ILB will be between him, queen, Harrison, and fort next year"
JK ALL DAY
Haha weekly illegal formation penalty. God we need to fix that in the off-season.
ILLEGAL FORMATION 💜🖤💜🖤💜🖤💜
only reason that was caught is because brown had to drop himself
Love that brown can come back from his mistakes
"People talk about fatigue but really those are the type of drives that break a defenses will. 

It’s just as mentally damaging as it is physically"
If you want a shutout in the NFL you have to earn that shit. Wrap up your fucking tackles.
That was all Marlo right there
Imagine a player in the Wild Card game on Nick breaks their leg and then gets fucking slimed
I am upset at that. Good time to work ok 2 minute drill.
"So with the way things are going and expected to go, we’re either playing the Titans if they win or if the texans win we’re playing the colts?"
Safe to say Baltimore will be playing the Titans/Colts position round 1 Miami is just fodder at this point
Dobbins gonna fuck around and become my favorite Raven I can FEEL it
Hollywood jumping in to help Bozeman push the pile is a potential meme format
Announcers sound like r/madden complaining about OP plays “you can just run Jackson 15 times a game and win”
Who was that Bengals player talking trash on twitter?
Dobbins now holds the records for ravens rookie rush tds!
so what round of the fantasy draft are we all taking JK Dobbins next season lads
I like how Judon began transforming into a chicken at the end of that last down
Time for Lamar to get 1K
the most browns thing ever would be to lose and miss playoffs
"Browns really peaked on us, and we still beat em lol"
#MORE
"HOLLYWOOD YOU CONFUSING MAGNIFICENT SON-OF-A-GUN

Big truss woo woo!"
Defense always seems to fall apart at the end of the game smh
Peters lulling them into a false sense of security with the penalties lol
"LMAO

Fuck you, fuck your moral victories and fuck your momentum!"
Back to us looking like a top 5 college playing a no name school
So it's looking like we're going to play the Titans?
"I want revenge so bad on the Titans. For this year and their antics on our home shield, for last year in the playoffs, and because Vrabel is an absolute piece of trash."
"JK dobbins over 800 yards, with 9 tds in his rookie season. And all that after barely getting any touches the first quarter of the season, and even now still being in a rotation with Edwards."
Taylor is the most loser ball coach in all of the NFL. What are you even going to gain on a challenge there lol
How can they even review this? Our guy should have been able to continue to return it but they blew the entire play dead.
"Thanks for wasting everyone's time, bud."
"34 YARDS

EDIT: 32 YARDS"
I want this record so fucking bad. Imagine the fear this will instill in playoff teams.
Love Bozeman always giving 110% down the field
That was a really bad play. I believe in next drive though. Need 25 more!
"Lol wish they picked up that 1st, you know Harbaugh went for it there as a response to Zac Taylor’s staff kicking that FG to take away the shutout from our defence the last time we played the Bengals."
"Just let Hill run it, Huntley isn’t doing it"
I have a feeling harbs doesn’t care about records
I think it's safe to say Ingram is absolutely cooked
Boykin > Brown. As of right now
"Lamar is fuckin' ON today. That pass hit Boykin perfectly in stride, and even Hollywood's drop was perfectly placed in stride between two defenders."
Came here to say I’m demoting the Soulja to a drummer boy because he’s the only one beating his drum
Celebrate interception like they won the game. Go 3 and out.
Petition to rename the sub to r/illegalformation
"Hollywood: drops uncontested ball

Also Hollywood: beats db catches kinda tough throw on the run and works the first

Why"
Absolutely hate this conservative bullshit. 3 TOs and more than enough time to get Tucker in range.
That's such a Peters back to back play scenario PI then INT
Just so I'm clear: This is the same Bengals team that beat the Steelers?
"Guys, how you like [my new t shirt design](https://imgur.com/MI6Mb5m)?"
If Lamar got by that guy it was a td
Feel bad for Higgings but thank god for the OPI
Gus the Bus as a receiver > Hollywood Brown as a receiver
LaMaR CaNt ThRoW
miles bighands boykin
69 yard drive. nice.
Remember guys Lamar can’t throw /s
"**Verbal meme**: Hollywood brown (drake saying no)
Miles Boykin (drake saying yes)"
We stop them now and we start crushing their spirit.
big boykin no little boykin
Other teams get illegal shift penalties????
"""All that girth"""
"“Edwards, all that girth...”

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"Gus is Salt of the Girth, you might say."
"Sloppy sloppy, gotta watch the low passes"
HOLY SHIT HOLLYWOOD DESTROYED THAT MAN
Soulja stiffarm?!?!?!
Oooof Dobbins is nasty
I know its risky but I'm a dangerous guy. Dobbins was a fucking steal in the 2nd round
Theres our illegal formation!
That's gotta be the 685th illegal formation this year
THERE IT IS!
"It's awesome to see Josh Bynes being a team captain despite being this being his first year with Cincinnati

Miss him 💔"
233-7 (total yards) lol
"With about 4 1/2 minutes left in second quarter, Ravens are outgaining the Bengals, 255-7 yards. Also have possessed the ball for 21:28. Bengals have had the ball for only 4:06.

Per Jeff"
Defense is a bit rusty. All that time on the sidelines
Can we talk about the name “pee-rine”
I don't know why Bengals take a FG there. That's a win for us.
"lamar needs 46 yards in the second half for back to back 1,000 yard rushing seasons"
I heard you like rushing...
"Best way to cap Lamar's 1k rush would be another crazy ass run with a spin move or some shit

Edit: before yall come at me for jinxing it dw dw i knocked on wood"
Wow they really waited for the entire Bengals team to be on top of Duv to call forward progress
How we gonna keep Gus? Dudes a must return no questions asked !!
[deleted]
LJ1K
31-3 in the 3rd with 3 minutes
Tyler Huntley time!
Hollywood with that helmet looks like the old NHL cheat code when you could give players big heads
63 rushing yards and we got a second straight 3000+ rushing yards season.
They won’t even show the replay of that PI. JOKE
"Well, Pratt was correct after all, Ravens are done here"
Lmaoooo get fucked
Peters says fuck them kitties
READ THE FUCKING FLAIR
The Steelers are the biggest phonies of all time
THAT HAND OFF FROM HUNTLEY THOUGH (?)
350 yards rushing lmaooooooooooo
"Who are the top 5 rookie running backs of all time?

1.) Dobby
2.) Dobby
3.) Dobby
4.) Dobby
5.) Dobby

Because he spits hot fire"
"Great job by Bowser.  He got juked, but recovered and got him on the ground."
"After hearing shit about Kyler being a “better version of Lamar” most of the year, I’m really hoping the Rams D steps up today and he shits the bed.  Lol can’t help it"
"Why are we bothering with a challenge here? I wish the refs would go over and go ""really coach? Really? With this lead?"""
"We're going to cross 400 yards rushing this game.

Jesus Christ."
Celebrating that stop when they're down 35 🤔
Just go forward. That's a coachable moment.
HUNTLEY BLAME OF THE GAME INCOMING
398 yards rushing so far today.
This has turned into a preseason game
#Ravens sitting at 398 rushing yards at the moment of me typing this. 25 away from tying the record
i want that record lol 24 more boys
Is it just me or does harbaugh's mask get bigger every week?
"Justice Hill was held, but we all know they only call holds on the Ravens"
"Honestly good on Harbaugh. If taylor is gonna challenge the touchback like a bitch, then Harbaugh should get Clark an int lol"
Mark Ingram is done
Dammit. So close to the record but so far away.
PUT DOBBINS BACK
Ok put dobbins in for a 90 yard td
Everyone acting like it’s Ingram’s fault when we have been running basically every play since Lamar came out. Easier to stop it when you know that’s coming.
Someone tell Lamar the whole field is the redzone
"**46** passing TDs, **0** interceptions in the red zone during his career.

We say it a lot regarding Lamar Jackson; but that's so insane!"
lamar wants that 1000 bad lol
that holding call on fluker just killed us.
Y’all really need to put some respect on Averett’s name. He’s been balling recently.
"17 play drive lol.


Demoralizing"
Hollywood has to drop 2 balls in order to charge up enough power for a sick tuddy catch
AWFUL FUCKING PLAY CALL
"We just took like 7 minutes off the clock and marched down the field. The penalty stalled us, we're good, fellas!!"
Genuinely it’s shocking that Fluker gets so many hold calls in a league that has basically told refs not to call holds this year
"That's really two OPIs in a row, the last play had OPI too lol"
Oh god you hate to see it... that scream....
Hearing a tough ass athlete scream like that is really haunting
I need to see that play again. That looked like a horrific drop from Brown.
Is this a number 1 receiver
"69 yard drive, nice"
Dez has done so much for Miles
Boykin is a true Soulja
"great throw by Lamar, but also one of the nicer plays I've seen from boykin"
Really encouraged by Boykin‘s improvement the past few weeks. I wonder if Dez has taught him some tricks or he just lit a fire under his ass when we signed him.
"Wait, other teams do illegal shifts too? I thought that was our penalty!!"
Ravens special teams looking good today... Preparing my body for the moment the announcers mention Harbaugh's special past
It's nice to see these penalties happen to other teams for a change
While theoretically great - the lag playing from that distance on the big screen would be killer.
GUS “GIRTH” EDWARDS
"If the same guy deflects consecutive passes, it means something is becoming predictable"
Illegal formation penalties 🤝 Baltimore Ravens
Drink!!
"What I'd like to know is if Harbaugh, Roman or Lamar feel any sort of embarrassment over the amount of illegal formation penalties."
That was marcus peters coverage with the 10 yard cushion in a short yardage situation
"HELL YEA COACH LETS GO FOR IT

Man what a 3rd and 4th down sequence that was"
The bengals have 4 minutes of possession. Beautiful
HOLLYWOOD 💜
Now this is podracing
The Bengals have had the ball for about 4 minutes. Is that a record?
Townsend is killing it on these holds
"Castillo is just hype to be out there, first one in the endzone to greet Hollywood. LOVE IT"
Townsend mvp so far with the good holds
"Marquise is really good. We just need to have another guy defenses respect. Maybe Boykin can become that, maybe we get it in the draft or fa, maybe both."
When’s the last time we got an interception I want one
Wink has to be pissed
"Defense gives up only 62 yards in a half and yall are like ""defense is collapsing"""
Looking like if we hang on we’ll play the Titans. Really wanted to play Pittsburgh
The Dolphins live thread is melting down rn
Averett might be our most improved player.
Anyone remember when a single coverage AJ Green down field like that was an instant TD against us
"Green blinking morse code at the Ravens sideline

N.E.E.D.Q.B.H.E.L.P."
#DOBBINS TOO EASY
dez's block right there made me nut
I know we didn't give Ray Rice as many looks in his rookie year but Dobbins looks better as a rookie than RR did.
I am confident we can win the super bowl if we keep playing like this. Can’t forget we are playing bad teams though.
excited to watch lamar handing to dobbins the next 5-10 years
This team best the Steelers two weeks ago huh lol
Let's see how many Bengals get there before we blow the whistle...
Lamar to Soulja connection is going to be fire next year. How can they not put in a shit ton of work together this offseason. Seeing Hollywood fight thru the yips has me feeling a lot more confident.
"lamar on 1000 yard rushing seasons 

""I""ll fucking do it again"""
"FUCK YOUR UPDATE, SHOW THE STAT"
1000!
OK Huntley time.
And the hay is in the barn
Brown is proving us all wrong
"That it. That's it. Sit everyone.

Season is over."
Brown and JK synchronized dancing makes me real hopeful for the future of the franchise
[https://twitter.com/GermainePratt7/status/1345068026681569281](https://twitter.com/GermainePratt7/status/1345068026681569281)
MP JUICEMAN BITCH
LMAO WHY YALL THROWING IT
FUCK YEAH PETERS!!!! Thats for that no facemask call. FUCK YOU REFS
AJ Green looks so done lmfao
JK DON'T JOKE
LMAO HE DID IT THE FUCKING MADMAN
Germaine Pratt Twitter
That looks exactly like the Ray Rice run on the first play against the Pats in the playoffs. Uncanny
Trap game for sure trapped my wiener against my zipper
">After J.K. Dobbins' long touchdown run, the #Ravens have 350 rushing yards on 40 carries. The third quarter is not over yet. - @AaronKazreports"
"Love the sight of sad Bengals.

Go fucking tweet again, random linebacker or whoever you are."
Ravens are 77 rushing yards away from breaking the record for most rushing yards in a game ever
That was a Ray Lewis sack from PQ48
"Even though I would rather play the Steelers, beating the Titans in the playoffs would be so fucking satisfying"
I'm hoping we don't abandon the rushing game plan during the post season.  The whole team (especially Lama) feed off of it.
"This is bullshit... Moore picked it up and ran with it... how can you call the play dead when they never had possession? Moore is fully allowed to grab it and run (as he did).

[edit] I meant with the challenge... if they could somehow overturn it, it erases Moore's return"
Lmao Zac taylor trying to challenge this like the Bengals are in this game
Well if we start at the 1 we can get even more rushing yards
Put Lamar back in just to clown these mfs
53 more yards
"Lets go for the record. 77 yards should be doable.

EDIT: 64 yards now"
Damn Huntley
"If Lamar was in this game still (I'm glad he isn't, though) we'd break the record lol"
Pad the stats
"That play sucked, but I'm okay with it. We've basically got a quarter of preseason, time to experiment and see what works, albeit with backups."
I really want that all-time rush record lol
"One of those rare, zero stress, playoff clinchers.   I could get used to this."
Huntley is 100% NOT Lamar.
Did Tucker just boom out a punt?
Bills got 49?!?!
#Did I ever tell you John Harbaugh was a special teams coach?
Guys - we aren’t getting that record...
Go for it on fucking 4th idgaf lol
Just give duvernay an end around. I would love to break the record with a WR.
F for the record
"Love the Bengals fans coming in here to bitch, ya'll scored 6 points on us in 2 games congratulations"
"Feeling sad that we didn’t get the record, but we just won 38-3 in a revenge game and clinched our playoff spot. And this team is now RED HOT"
all that celebrating you did earlier got you where
That’s a season-defining drive right there. My goodness
"Brown how are you gonna get the yips again 

someone give this man some fucking Ayahuasca or something so he can talk to the Ancient Football God of not dropping the damn ball"
I am throbbin’ for Dobbins
Refs see the Ravens on their schedule and bring the extra flags
John Harbaugh special teams
"Our CB's looked like they were running through water trying to catch him, good lord"
"Oh man, hope higgins is OK. That was a nasty looking pull."
He was screaming in pain... fuck...
Hate to see it (and hear it) man. Prayers up to him. Scream got me grimacing too
"I really hope he's ok. Never want to see a player go down with an injury, regardless of who we play"
Boykin would’ve caught that.
THAT was a gorgeous pass
Take notes marquise
Bro lamar is so good
Dez lit a fire under Boykins ass lol
Lamar makes those throws look so effortless
ATTA BOYKIN
Boykin has been a beast since Lamar got back
Boykin starting to looooooook goooooood
"I kinda think Dez is starting to rub off on Boykin, he’s played better since Dez has got here"
Boykin looking like he having a little break out season for the past 5 weeks dudes been balling
Held my breath for the DPI call
Oh... what was that? Ravens are a good team? Go oooonnnnnnnnnnnn.......
hey that's usually the flag we get
Trace McSorley song > Beethoven
Imagine Lamar with a top 10 receiver beside him. Good lord we would be winning super bowls
Lol Bozeman just threw gus for an extra three yards
All that girth
Edwards all that girth 😏😏
Tyre Philips picked up that ball and was ready to run it again lmao
really would like 5 ints today off this future car salesman
Allen will be working at Autozone in a few years
Defense is locked tf in
really like that short pass to brown. we have that available a lot and we never do it
Yo gus has gotten so much better. He's no longer just a straight line runner
"""Gus Edwards is all meat and potatoes""
""A tackle-breaking son of a gun""
Real love affair between this announcer and Gusto"
and there it is
I go to Rutgers for law school and all I want is a Gus Edward’s Rutgers jersey
Im going to be honest i don't want to see Ingram playing during the playoffs.
Surprised we haven't gone back to Boykin after the TD
isnt it sad how the giants can be 6-10 and make it
Lamar is ridiculous
brown looks like when ea adds the elfs into madden that are 2' tall
"Jackson mad. 

I love it."
Hollywood you hung onto it!
#HOLLYWOOD
"17 play, 93 yard drive. Unbelievable I love that"
ball back and 2min drill score please
"What a torturous drive for the Bengals, 17 plays of pounding"
ItS OvEr FoR BaLtIMoRe
Get my boy Lamar some rushing yards. Less than 50 away from the record
Not excited to face the titans but payback for last year would be nice.
Would be nice if we could get to the QB.
"JK ""Slob On My"" Dobbins is the first offensive player I feel Lamar has that can consistently go out and get his own. Everyone else needs Lamar's play making most of the time. JK would eat with or without Lamar imo. Obviously he's feasting more with Lamar. Here's to hoping Lamar gets some stud playmaking receivers soon!!"
"Im used to seeing small ass Peanut in number 48, still getting used to seeing monster Queen in that uni lol"
"Bengals wrecked another NFL team last week, and I’m mad we gave up 3 points. Spoiled fan base"
"I really, really hope the Ravens aren't the Nick broadcast game

Can you imagine losing after watching your team covered in slime and having googly eyes"
I despise Tyler Boyd
"Averett is fucking everywhere.  Like whenever I've seen a play today, AA is right there.

Good shit."
"If Averett had a pick 6 there, this sub would've exploded"
"if AA continues to improve, having all 4 of our cbs healthy will be scary"
"When Averett plays anything that isn’t 9 yards off, he’s legit. Bump and run. Press. Bail. He’s got speed to run with anyone and he’s physical. They need to ink that extension before he hits the open market."
"I want the steelers to win just to be able to meme the browns. I know it's sacrilegious to say that but imagine if after all of 2020, the browns still brown"
"Jackson is like ""I smell 1000. Designed run, yo!"""
So they just said Lamar is only about 30 yards away from having two seasons of 1k+ yards rushing. Ans that’s with sitting two full games. That’s mind blowing.
Dez Bryant with the quality blocking
This has to be demoralizing for the defense lol
Llama and Dobby
AmaZing hold by Townsend on that XP. Hes been a machine today
">Lamar Jackson is now 2 yards shy from becoming the first QB in NFL history to have multiple 1,000 yards rushing seasons. - @jeffzrebiec"
"I know it’s not *technically* their division, but the Jets deserve the NFC East playoff spot."
AJ Green can't hurt us anymore
Thank God we're winning.
NoPe OvEr FoR tHeM
Im literally the kylo ren meme rn screaming for us to keep pounding these bengals even more LOL
If we face the titans again I don't want to see any ravens player tweeting about Derrick Henry.
Another Soulja Stiffarm!
"Hell yeah, love these Hollywood stiff arms."
Witnessing history with Lamar. The best is yet to come boys.
Soulja
How is Brown so good in the red zone when he's so tiny lol
It's so smart building up Brown's confidence going into the playoffs.
Those quick little passes that gain 5 yards or so are something we’ve been missing for a couple years now
#SOULJA SIGHTING!!!!!!
#MARQUISE HOLLYWOOD SOULJA BROWN
Imagine losing to this team lmaooo
CORPORAL HOLLYWOOD!!!!
Lamar is so calm rolling out the pocket!!!!
Elliot totally failed on that play
Marlon back hurts from carrying so hard
Marlo still going for fruit punch haha
Here's the part where the defense makes some really stupid plays at the end of the game.
This ref looks like such a prick
Jesus Christ thank god for Marlon
How is it dpi if ball isn’t catchable (it’s way out of bounds)?
"Refs: you scored 3

Bengals: and how many did I need to win?

Refs: 3...

Bengals: WOOOOOHOOOOO

Refs: 2...

Bengals: huh?

Refs: You needed 32 points to win you scored 3"
PETERS WITH THE REVENGE INT
Where the hell is Peters going but PICK
tf are these refs on? lmao
Damn nice play by Peters right there
LMAO BUNGLES
oh how the turn tables
LMAOO they thought
Peters pulling a Forest Gump after the play
HAHHAAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHHAHAA WHAT A BUNCHA SCRUBS
So can we just play Marcus Peters as our WR1?
TALK YO SHIT PETERS! Fuck that ref!!!
"350 yards rushing so far.

HOLY SHIT"
JK literally boosted off that defender lmao
Jesus save some points for next week
Dobbins. Best pick in the draft.
I want the Titans' ass on wildcard weekend
Ray Lewis-like timing by Queen
Great tackle by bowser
Only 280 more rushing yards to break our own NFL record. Let's get it! Lol.
The NFL record for rushing yards in a game is 423
I kinda want the record but also want them to save Dobbins and Gus' legs
i wanna steamroll titans by 90
Cmon Taylor you’re down 35 man
"This is one of the most dominant games I've seen the Ravens play in a long time

This is an absolute beat down"
"Just run, run, run. I want to see if we break the record or not."
"Umm... the single game yardage record is in fucking play, guys."
Fuck the Titans
These sad ass Bengals fans
I don't think Harbaugh wants the record lol
"Good lord, 510 yards of offense."
Huntley should've followed ingram there.
"#No Punt continues! Lol

Worth turning it over on downs. Lol."
Wtf was that lol
I ain’t even mad lmao.
Can't believe people were concerned about this game at all.
"""Huntley, if you get us the rushing record, you're on the starting roster next year""  - Harbs probably"
Can we please stop trying to hurt our backup qb?
Uh is Huntley having a stroke?
Not one mention of the fact that we could break the single game rushing record but sure let’s do a expose on the few bad plays Lamar has made in the playoffs
"Stop running Huntley, give it to the RBs"
I'm so selfish I want that record
I'd like them to let Huntley try a pass.
"28 rushing yards is all that seperates us from that record now.  I have a feeling we wont get it, but still considering modern day NFL, and even though its against the Bengals, thats still a great accomplishment."
"Fuck it, spot them the points so we can get the record."
We really gonna miss out on the record because we gave Tyler Huntley 5 carries lol
Ngl didn’t know Chuck Clark had a beard
"23 yards for the record, lets get it"
#PUT IN RYAN FINLEY YOU COWARDS
Put JK in. GET THE RECORD BABY!
Clark finally ends the drought
LET'S FUCKING GO COME ON WE'RE SO CLOSE
Just let Lamar and Dobbins run a QB counter bash for the record. Ez money.
Huntley dropped his stock quite a bit this quarter. McSorely is much more confident with the ball.
Baltimore Ravens Special Teams Legend Chris Moore
This was a good Sunday. On to the next one lads.
Hope Higgins is alright. Dude is a baller.
Boykin finally developing. I don't think its any coincidence that both boykin and hollywood have been better since dez got here
"lol total yards
BAL: 138
CIN: 2"
Illegal shift...oh boy....not on the Ravens....HELL YEAHHH
"This is America I can line up however I want!  

-Greg Roman"
This sub is going from F Hollywood to lets go Hollywood
Some eagles fans are really trying to say Jalen Hurts is better than Lamar LMAO
why not take a shot?
"Win and In

Let’s fucking do this"
"Boykin catching with his hands and not his body. 

3 weeks in a row I'll say it again: 
Boykin > Brown"
Watching Andrews drawing 3 defenders to free Boykins is hilarious
"Knock on wood but holy hell this Bengals team looks bad without Burrow. I mean, they were not a great TEAM (yet) with him but that kid brought a spark."
The football is almost as big as Hollywood 😂😂
"Get Lamar 1k and put in Huntley, I wanna watch that man again"
Fuck tennessee we coming in hot motherfucker
No Snead sucks. He’s good for a crucial catch or two every game.
I hate playing the Bengals in week 17. [Even my homies get nervous. ](https://i.imgur.com/Lu7tc3o.jpg)
Lol colon castillo is starting not skura
Lamar is prolly tired af rn
Really hope Higgins is okay. Non contact injuries are always scary.
Shocker: block in the back ravens
Okay that was a great fucking throw what the fuck.
that throw though
Lamar is on point today
"Yes, Boykin looks fucking great recently"
What a dime. What a play
Miles boykin is officially a soulja
Boykin has improved a little over the year. He can be good with time..Dez can help him get there.
Y’all just call whoever caught the last td pass our best receiver. Ok
WHAT A DIME!
Boykin been ballin out lately.
God I hate these Amazon stat commercials
Wait the other team can get an illegal shift penalty?
Don’t love that Justice hill gets snaps on third down
Defense looks legit. Let’s go boys.
"when you do absolutely nothing on offense for multiple drives in a row, get a crucial turnover, then gain three yards and punt on the next drive

bungles gonna bungle"
Alright  we gotta stop playing around. first the chunk play by Higgins than an INT sooner or later the bengals will start converting on these plays. We can’t be going into the playoffs with these type of mistakes. Bad play by LJ there was a lot of green grass he could have got an easy first down
Guys I think Wink is seriously holding that grudge from the Bengals FG earlier this season.
Imagine getting stiff armed by hollywood 🤣
I do not want to travel to Buffalo.
Andrews and Hollywood in peak playoff form
Might as well keep running it down their throats 🤷🏼‍♀️
That's a Girth Down.
"I love Mark Ingram, but this isn't a damn personality competition. At some point he needs to get back to his shit."
Illegal formation again!  Damn it!  I thought we were cured!
Name a better duo than the ravens and the illegal formation
There it is
What happened to Fluker?
The Soulja is back in the game
I don’t know the stats but I know it’s true that Lamar has to be 100% on 4th down his career when he waves off the special teams.
20 v 4 minutes TOP lmao
We are due for an X soon
"Cringe, Josh Bynes in Cincinnati orange"
#SOULJA
SOULJA BOY TELL EM!!!
Hollywood in the slot 🤔.
"Andrews looked like he should have had that, or at least a chance, did he even see it?"
17 PLAYS!!!! God damn
Props to the holder
I would love to hear what Peters was saying there 😂
I miss elite Suggs
what is with the bengals and scoring some garbage ass field goal against us that doesnt help
Zac Smith just quit on his team LMAO
"Good first half, need a 3 and out to start the 2nd and a score, put this away."
"So i guess when Zac Taylor sees Baltimore up next he just goes "" Fuck it its a loss"" What a pathetic HC"
Jfc josh allen and the bills are so damn good.
Funny hearing audibles from bengals QBs and it not materializing anyway LMAO
Does Dobbins ever get tackled or does he always just get slowed down to a stop? Elf things
Nice block down field by Dez.
You smell that? I'm starting my Festivus ham.
If u kick the extra point over the net that should be 2
Get in there bitch
"Dobbins is really, really good...

Like, future 1st/2nd team all pro good as a runner. If he can become a beast in the passing game, he will definitely garner such an honor down the line."
I just dont aee the argument of keeping Hurst over Dobbins.
This is the greatest rushing offense in modern NFL history. We gotta start speaking on that
"Can’t stand tOSU...but, I do appreciate them for Dobbins! The guy is such a dynamic runner"
Shit if Roman used Dobbins more in the beginning of the season he would have a TD like every game
JUDON 😂😂😂
I love Wink staying aggressive af even with a lead
"This Cincy O is obviously really bad, we know that. But they scored almost 40 points on Houston last week. And Houston's D isn't that great, but this type of domination can't be understated"
Lamar scramble for 3 yards then HUNTLEY SZN!!!!!
Safe to say Judon wants a pick lol dat scream
#pull Lamar it is Huntley snz!!!
I love Lamar Jackson like he’s my son
Browns are so shite
Gus is skrong
Gus breaks tackles like a madden player it’s absurd.
"Now it's 10-9, Browns.

Winning by (1) one point, (2) at home, (3) against a team resting starters, (4) when your playoff berth is on the line.

Pathetic."
Over 68 on Lamar rushing yards today was a criminal betting prop
#NOPUNTS
https://i.imgur.com/4qDExAL.jpg
OK start sitting people especially our quarterback
I want Stephen A to watch this game to see how he’s gonna say Lamar can’t throw now
Remember Hollywood was like one of the only dudes who showed up in the playoffs last year. If he continues this and our team does too I have high hopes.
For the love of all that is good and holy in the world please take Lamar out of this game.
Koch out and we haven't needed to punt anyway lmfao
Almost got that ball out Fruit Punch 😫
"Peters: “Goin home, go bed”"
That pick is refs fault lol
I feel like that's the first pick in a long time
"Ok Marcus, I forgive you"
That’s a Soulja right there
Why did I think peters stepped out on the 1 there
TALK YO SHIT PETERS!
That running back still beating his chest?
Germaine Pratt Twitter link: https://mobile.twitter.com/GermainePratt7/status/1345068026681569281
Some say Peters is still running
"Peters with the metaphoric middle finger to the Zebras, love it"
"I'd pull JK, too."
Lamar hit 1K yards again missing an entire game and sitting down early yet again.
"We have 4 RBs, get Dobbins out of there please"
I HAVE ASCENDED
HUNTLEY TIME BABY
JK got easy yards there LMAO bengals look so defeated i love to see it
#50 MORE RUSHING YARDS FOR 400
38 points in the 3rd wow
"Germaine Pratt's career

0 sacks 🔥🔥🔥

0 INT 👀👀👀

0 FF 😳😳😳

7 QB hurries 🙀🙀🙀

18 missed tackles 👁️👁️👁️

83.0 completion percentage, 8.6 Y/R, 115.3 QB rating, 3 TD when targeted 🤟🤟🤟

50 PFF grade 🤑🤑🤑🤑"
Dobbins is such a great mix of physical traits
Peters mad he didnt get to rest longer.
350 rush yards
Fuck it. Buying a Dobbins jersey
JK Dobbins is a bona fide stud
"Shit, I wanted Pitt first round.  Damnit."
"As i said before, dobbins has all pro talent as a runner. All he needs to do is polish up his receiving skills to jump into the top tier of RB's.

He is very good in pass pro already."
"That Bengals RB was like ""FML"" when those two gap penetrations occurred"
"https://reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/koxutt/_/ghtsl9l/?context=1

👀"
"I love Peters, he went to sit right next to Lamar, he's such a character"
So who gets player of the game? The whole team right?
"NFL record for most team rushing yards in a single game is 423, which the New York Giants had against the Baltimore Colts in 1950.

Ravens are 74 yards away with a quarter left to play.

-Ryan Mink"
">NFL record for most team rushing yards in a single game is 423, which the New York Giants had against the Baltimore Colts in 1950. 
Ravens are 74 yards away with a quarter left to play. - @ryanmink"
Im drafting dobbins first round next year idc
Give me a 50-berger and the all-time single-game rushing record
"let them, we get it at the 1 and get 99 rushing yards"
Back us up 10 yards. Gives us 10 more rushing yards on the stats
 Suppose they say that the ball did not enter the endzone. Where do the Ravens get the ball? Not fair they did not get the chance to return it.
Thanks for wasting our time Zac
"FYI, the all-time NFL team record for rushing yards is not 423. It's **426**, and it was by the Detroit Lions (vs. the Pittsburgh Pirates on November 4, 1934).

Edit: [source of the Detroit team record](https://static.www.nfl.com/image/upload/v1597701917/league/myhy0zdww5l8goyvo8ki.pdf) (page 291)"
"Justice Hill!  We going for that rushing record, aren't we?"
holy shit we might actually do it
Oh we getting that record today
"[According to @pfref, the Baltimore Ravens are just the 16th team in history to rush for over 375 yards in a game and the first since Adrian Peterson's record-setting day. - @fbgchase](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eq1Y6hTW8AMFafQ.jpg)

[Stathead.com](https://stathead.com/tiny/JX7jm)"
That's a miscommunication of the highest order.
Wtf was that 🤣
Dumb play call or some major miscommunication
alright still plenty of time to get 26 more
"4th and inches is time for the Gus Bus.  Fuck it, they're up 35"
bengals won their super bowl on that 4th down 💪💪
"The 426 yards team rushing record was set in 1934

Ravens are at 398

But the record since 1951 is 407..by the Bengals in 2000"
"Someone somewhere is in a weird ""Team rushing scoring week 17 championship"" league and is currently having a fucking stroke watching the Ravens rushing offense."
Hayden Hurst TD 😎
"Thanks CBS, I almost forgot about our playoff losses"
Cmon hunt just run AROUND the people not into em
"Is there going to be an after game cage match between Wink and Zac Taylor? I'd watch that on pay per view, honestly"
give dobbins one more touch and we'll get the record
#Pull Huntley its Jackson SZN
Huntley looks slow compared to the jags game.
"LET THEM SCORE

LET THEM SCORE

LET THEM SCORE"
"Wait, Harbaugh was a ST coach?"
"Now that the commentators aren’t even talking about the game anymore, I feel like I’m listening to a podcast or the radio"
Bills could win the SB but that depends on Josh Allen. Ppl shit on Lamar in the playoffs but Allen was atrocious in the playoffs. Nobody talks about it though
Why is there a 17 on defense lol
This is payback for Taylor's dumbass challenge
Challenge it lol get Chuck that pick
Announcers are slobbering all over Harbaughs cock and i love it lol.
That was a pick
These refs have had very few chances to fuck with this game and they’re still doing their damnedest
That was so obviously a pick lmao how do you miss that
Pretty bad look for that ref standing ten feet away watching the play
That's a clear pick lmao you morons. These stupid refs need glasses
COME ON BREAK THE RECORD FUCK
We ain’t getting the record :(
Cmooooon. One play to make history. Down to our last chance right here
Oh and I just realized it's almost 5AM here. Ure fuckin worth it bmore i love yall
"Asst coach told Clark “They ruled it an INT”.

Clark walking away nodding his head “Yeah I know it was an INT”."
This feels like watching Jamal try to break the single season record
Anyone else just love when they show the playoff graphics and the Patriots aren't anywhere on it?
Is it bad that I still want the Browns to lose so badly even after we cliched?
Id love to see browns go 3 and out and steelers to sonehow get a fg to knock them out lol
"WIN. AND. WE’RE. IN.

No scoreboard watching. No rooting for other teams. Today is only about our game. 

TRUZZ. BEEN A PLEASURE"
What a stupid fucking play. We run that on like 75% of our third and longs
Fuck that scream from Higgins :(
"There's 168 hours every single week. When do my friends and relatives contact me for computer/smart phone support, recipes, next week's plans, christmas presents? when? during the most important 3 hours of my week"
see boykin can fucking catch
Boykin showing Hollywood how to catch
am I wrong or did the pass to brown hit his chest?
Gotta say that Boykin and Dez's friendship just warms my heart. Dez building up Boykin's confidence is exactly what he needs
Can't be mad about that 1st Q ladies and Gents
"Announcer: “Gus is just potatoes”

Gus: “Uh... thanks I think”"
"“Chancellor Goodell, illegal formations are our specialty”"
The Chiefs pay tons of money to keep Mahomes surrounded by talent. You don’t cheap out on offense with a Franchise QB. Pay Andrews period.
"Souljas taketh, Souljas giveth"
Was andrews looking for his mom in the stands or what? Gotta turn around dude
Lol before the game they said a Bengals key to victory was to hold us under 150 rushing. We now have 158
Gotta admit I was hard on Averett but he has stepped up lately.
Lamar has a couple incomplete passes and you’d think this sub just found out the world was ending Jesus Christ
It's so annoying that the Hollywood drop is gonna affect Lamar's outside the numbers deep ball stats when that was a great throw. People only look at the stats.
Germaine Praitt with the coverage 😳👀🔥
yo did Averett learn how to fucking play football?
Gus Bus has G I R T H
Did dobbins just break the rookie td record?
"I would greatly appreciate a win today. Hot take, I know."
God. I just want a big win today. No close heart attacks. Please k thx
[deleted]
If Brandon Allen keeps us out of the playoffs. Well idk man I just don’t know
"i know it's not burrow playing today but i had to rewatch the sack compilation on him from the last time we played. Was so satisfying to watch.

&#x200B;

Oh and fuck them for kicking that FG let's beat their asses tonight and get into the playoffs hot"
CBS REALLY trying to Jynx us
Good shit Dobbins on throwing that block there.
LOL there's the Roman we all know and love /s
"Shit play call. Stop using Justice fucking hill while Mark is getting carries, 3 rb rotation is already too much basically"
"Guys, g Ro is calling these repetitive plays so they don't have tape for the playoffs. Big brain time"
That 3rd down play was a touchdown if the end rusher misses the tackle. Look at the blockers we had down field
Damn Higgins hope he’s good
"NFL just needs to ban turf at this point, it causes so many more avoidable injuries"
I cannot fathom how these dudes blatantly block in the back every special teams play
CATCH DA FUCKING BALL
name a better duo: 1st rd draft pick WRs for the Ravens and dropped passes.
Imagine if LJ had a legit wr1 this team would be unstoppable
Brown reminds me of Chris Davis after he wasn't allowed to take adderall anymore
I can not believe marquise dropped that.
Another WR who is only fast and can't catch passes at the NFL level.  Send him to the Jets with Perriman.
I fucking love Gus Edwards. He’s starting to shed that “one trick pony” moniker. Been catching passes and blocking real well down field.
That's two super accurate long passes from Jackson.
Boykin low key clutch.
People really watch Lamar play and say he sucks
Lamar must have been watching that Ohio State game
"“Just guard Hollywood and Andrews” they said.


Let’s fucking go Boykin"
Lamar’s deep pass is getting better every week 👀
That Boy kin ball
"Boykin not a star yet but hes definitely figuring some shit out this year, and Lamar is trusting him"
God that Brown drop is even worse from that angle
Gus becoming more than just a bus is one of my favorite things this season
“Edwards all that girth” lmao
"""All that girth""

""That was a nice stick"""
I feel bad for the dad in the Rocket Mortgage commercial. There is no reason why Larry Fitzgerald didn't catch that ball before it hit the lamp. Its just a poor effort on a Hall of Famer
What the hell is up with the back to back batted passes?
why the fuck is he throwing the ball so low for
Why is the defense celebrating lmao wow you finally did something cool
It can never be easy can it lol
Lol we had like 3 guys wide open on that pick. Jesus Christ
Love the bengals fans saying Lamar is a bad QB in their game thread
Hollywood with a stiff arm?
Holy fuck imagine getting stiff armed by Brown
Fucking drop CITY today
Dobbins made that look so easy.
"welp, there it is. 134 rushing, over 2,800 for the season"
2nd and 1 and Ingram gets no gain. It’s weird how much he’s regressed and no one knows why?
As is tradition
There’s your weekly illegal shift/formation penalty
There it is everybody take shots
Illegal formation. Classic.
LOL there it is
We should just start celebrating it at this point
"Alright gro, Ingram can’t even pick up that 2nd and 1, very clearly you shouldn’t even bring him in for short yardage situations, let’s put this shit to rest"
"As much as I love Ingram, we need to keep him on the side."
How many illegal formation penalties do we have all season? I bet its more than any other team
Can Harbs bring someone in to teach these guys how to line up because clearly no one knows how to.
Jfc
"Even though he didn’t get a first down, that was awesome"
Soulja
Love that fire LJ 🔥
Good soulja
Lmao Andrews looks so strange without facial hair
lamar pushing special teams off the field
Lamar had that “Hell yeah coach let’s go for it” look on his face
I love when Lamar hops up and immediately is telling the sideline to go for it
"Man lol, that possession time is RIDICULOUS"
Big Dick swagger!!! Let's go Lamar
I love when lamar calls the shots
That makes up for the drop
Hollywood ball security redemption!
From Bollywod to Hollywood real quick
O-line held up well against that all out blitz
17 plays sheeesh
Has anyone pointed out that Harbaugh used to be a special teams coach yet?
This is what I like to see at the end of the season. Effortless domination. Let's keep this up for another month!
Remember when the Steelers were losing 17-0 to this team?
Remember when the Ravens could beat any team but could also lose to the winless Dolphins? So much easier to watch a team that dismantles bad teams and sells the parts in eBay
Wonder what it's like to be a guy like Townsend. You know you're only here for likely one game and then either cut or put on the practice squad. It must be kinda weird. I'm trying to imagine me doing that for my job lol.
"We’re on pace to play Steelers in round 1 👍

Edit: nm I’m dumb"
They got a first down 😳
"Total yards update:
BAL:255
CIN:7"
Peters brave talking to that big ass Viking looking dude like that lol
"Been strange having a better offense then D. It's still hard for me to understand, lol."
So much for locked in defense. Look like they went for cheeseburgers that last offensive drive.
"Like, this O line is shit and got Burrow killed but we cant get penetration and pressure? We need rushers so bad."
Buffalo crushing Miami
I swear sometimes our offense keeps the ball so long (which I'm not complaining about) our defense forgets they have to play
1 good wr and 1 good edge rusher is all i want in the draft. maybe a new guard
Take another FG zack you coward
I want to see us push for a FG before half
Alright let's give Townsend/Tucker a shot with these 32 seconds
They really kicked a FG
FANTASTIC coverage by Humphrey to avoid the pick by the WR
"Just a reminder that we NEVER unclench here, even up 2 scores at half"
Misheard the Verizon commercial as “100% would have sex with the Mandelorean” instead of “obsessed with”... I’m losing it
So it’s likely we are going to Tenn town?? I want to fuckinn destroy them
i want eagles to win tonight so much just to see 6-10 giants at 4th seed lmfao
I'd be happy with TEN or PIT. We need payback either team.
So if the bills and browns win today we play the titans or colts who ever wins their game tonight?
Tennessee rematch. We’ve been waiting a year for this
Miami getting fleeced omg
Announcers love anthony averrett
"Seriously, I'm feeling bad for Cincy with all these injuries"
An Green isn’t nearly as good as he used to be
Is Bozeman now the only lineman that hasn't been penalized today? Lmao
"Dobbins is so shifty, just like Lamar. I love it"
Dobbins is SO much fun to watch.
Lamar is going for 1k
Lol 2 more yards
Dobbins is a fuckin fighter MAN
Dobbins eating
Our O-line creates absolutely giant holes they are so under appreciated
"Power, grace and skill all on display!"
"the counter bash run game is really taking off rn. Bengals played it pretty well first half, but they're losing control"
Dobbins is love Dobbins is life
BRUH I JUST WOKE UP. HOW DID I MISS THE FIRST HALF?!?!
"I think I know why Lamar threw the pick. All of our drives are scores, the end of the half or the pick.

It's to keep the punter off the field. Well played."
Get Lamar 1000 yards then rest him up
Judon u good mate
AJ Green's body language says it all
Sad Wink wont get his revenge shut out. :/
AND THERE IS THE 1000!!!
THERE IT IS! 1000 yards
Did lamar break 1000 again?
Lamar Jackson is the father of the Bengals
there it is!
"1K LLAMA

what a special player"
Another GIRTH DOWN for the GUS BUS
Ravens need 63 more on the ground for 3000
Crazy to have this QB on the Ravens. Lamar is amazing.
#HOLLYWOOD IS BACK
What patience. What a play
Good thing we signed that guy to hold for Tucker’s extra points!
"*insert Soulja boy meme*

BENGALS???"
Game... Blouses...
GERMAINE PRATT WHERE YOU AT YOU PUNK ASS BITCH
"Damn, Spero already called the game for us 😂"
Let’s revisit the comment in the bengals sub that Lamar can’t throw
270 rushing yards...we can do this
"After the amount of times this week they showed the Bengals comeback to knock us out in 2017, this feels good"
Give us a Jackson 5 before Huntley comes in
"If we do face the Titans as it likely seems we will, we can beat them if we play like this"
#ART AND RAY
Joker c'mon man
I hate spot of foul interference more than anything in football
"Second half defence, activated ✅"
"That wasn't PI IMO...

I'm counting that as a great rep from averett."
Lmao glorious
THAT'S EXACTLY THE ENERGY WE NEED
BALL DONT LIE
"In the words of the great band Jethro Tull - ""It's a bungle in the jungle"""
He could’ve taken that for a pick 6 man! Good move stepping out for the touchback though
That pick was sexy af
BALL. DON'T. LIE.
BALL DONT LIE
"Bungles with a 1st and goal at the 1 yard line and Marcus Peters with the INT after back to back questionable pass interference calls!

That's so Bungles...."
Ok Bengals we’re done...JK LOL
#JK ALL GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING DAYYYYYYY
Dobby is a free elf!
THAT'S MY RUNNING BACK
Dobby gonna lead the league in rushing next year
He go Z O O M
We all knew a big run from Dobbins was coming eventually. He and Lamar are going to be a combo for years to come
#WE WANT TENNESSEE
"DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBINS!!!!!!!! 

Thats for yall bitch ass refs!"
How many rbs went ahead of dobbins?
"Lmao, bengals just don't care"
"#Drink and smoke up folks, we goin to da playoffs"
"Look at that, 57 getting the shit stiff armed out of him

BUM"
Let’s hit 400 yards rushing fuck it
Germaine pratt talked all that shit to get engulfed by a lineman and stiff armed by dobbins on his way to the longest run of his career.
77 more yards and we break the single game rushing record
I can't believe JK was all the way to the second round despite being OSU's main back during the finals
How close r we to all time rushing yards in a game?
Germaine Pratt Twitter link: https://mobile.twitter.com/GermainePratt7/status/1345068026681569281
"Oh oh we’re dancing on the sideline 

Our swagger is baaaack"
77 more yards to break team rush record. Lets get it!
70 some yards away from the record of rushing yards by a team in a game
Lamar is done for the day per Zrebiec
Okay PQ
"i know he still has room to grow, but patty q is nice wit it"
"Bowser ballin this year.

I hope he stays"
Direct snaps to Ingram in the 4th only
Titans rematch vol 2
Never been trolled by Bengals fans until today. Not even in ‘17. Didn’t know they cared so much lmao
"Yeah, this challenge will really make a difference."
Glad they wasted everyones time
Roman run the ball dafuq we chasing records
Who’s the Bungles LB who said they would make us miss the playoffs lmao?
"we quite literally have 6 rushing threats at all times, could even through duv in there for 7"
It's looking like Steelers Vs Browns next week. Would love it if the Steelers go out after having rested their key starters.
This is a college football level beat down holy shit.
Lmao when Justice Hill is gashing you consider your career choices
So are we playing the Titans next week?
We need 25 more yards for the rushing record
I don’t even care that we didn’t get that. We have 10 minutes to get another less than 30 yards
If the Browns don’t make the playoffs I will be so fucking happy
Reminder that the Steelers lost to the Bengals
Just put in Dobbins to break the record
"Huntley looking like it's preseason, a bit confused out there."
"Bro, Huntley, the fuck man"
"That was one hell of a punt by Tucker and the announcers just ignored it.

Edit: Not Tucker."
Not gonna break the record becuase Huntley is completely lost smh lol
"we need ~25 yards, as I should have done earlier we need to Truzz."
We’re close to an all time record and we’re letting a rookie QB stuff himself into the o line and a washed Mark Ingram do the same.. oof
Watching Huntley makes you appreciate Lamars instincts.
We arent getting the record with our backups in
Just let them score lol we need the record
Beating the titans in playoffs would be so satisfying. Cocky twats
"Good challenge John, that's a pick."
That's a pick dude
Chuck Clark > Earl Thomas
Ref looks pissed to have to review this lol just get it right the first time
Harbs thank you you're making this challenge simply for Clarks stat.
#GET THE RECORD
"Feel like Chuck has had so many almost-interceptions this season, it's almost fitting that we need to challenge on week 17 to get him his first 😂"
"#GIVE US THE RECORD, TAKE 2"
That’s absolutely a pick lmao are we dealing with backup refs again?
Time to bust one off for the all time record
Bro Wink is evil remembered that field goal in last minute to stop the shut out. If we keep this up bengals couldn't even score a TD on us this year 😤😂
Love Mark but he isn’t getting it. Important thing is we’re playoff bound!
For fucks sake if we’re gonna run it let’s actually run it
Mark ingram loves 1 or two yards man wtf happened
Ingram is getting hit immediately in an obvious rushing scenario. Should have added a wrinkle to make space.
What happened to Ingram? So slow
At this point I would rather see Justice Hill
RIP Sam Koch's streak o7
"Huntley is ass. He had the edge lol, stop running into your linemen"
RUN IT TOWNSEND. COWARD
Damn the Browns are garbage.
At least the Steelers lost
Buffalo tore Miami up holy shit
"It’s all tough love Soulja, we just tryna bully you into playing better 💜"
"peters, please fuck stop them from gaining extra yards"
Lol anyone else see Judon being dramatic AF after that play went out of bounds?
Here we go guys! Let’s do this thing..
"Everyone hop in the playoff bus 🚌, there’s plenty of room"
No Ngakoue sucks I wanted to see him pop off today
We better win this shit by 50 im still pissed about 2017
God. I hope we win. Please
"Fuck The Steelers, Fuck the Browns and Fuck the Bengals"
Let’s put up 50 today gang.
OF COURSE THEY START THE BROADCAST WITH THAT BULLSHIT FROM 2017
"I'm pretty disappointed by the James Proche situation tbh. We traded up in the 6th to get this guy, and then never really gave him a shot with the offense. Now he's a healthy scratch for the last two weeks of the season."
Take a shot every time they mention the 2017 game
Is Chris Moore related to Harbaugh or something
I know they was having flashbacks on that run hahaha
I really like Duv
"The line-up chart and the announcers said Matt Skura was starting at center for Patrick Meraki, yet it's T.C.C. out there. It must have been a very last minute decision for the Ravens, I guess. Even Jeff Zrebiec was caught off guard by it."
Did gus’ hair grow 5 inches in 1 week?
Dumb fucking call
Things seemed kind of relaxed on that drive. A lot of stuff was working but it seemed relaxed. Let's get the tempo up a notch.
no koch makes me more nervous than any other player out rn
I want the Browns to lose for schadenfreude
"That PI adds insult to injury.

Hope that guy’s ok"
Yikes
That's just terrible. A dude looks like he tears his hamstring on a play that is ultimately meaningless.
Oof from 1st and 10 on the opposite 40 to 3rd and 18 from their own 10.
Allen still grinning while his teammate is screaming in pain on the field wtf is wrong with the bengals
Fuck hope Higgins is okay. Prayers up
I'll never understand why someone blocks in the back especially right in front the ref
"Gotta catch that Brown, but holy fuck did Lamar just drop a nuke"
Oh boy we’re back to Bollywood?
It's not a Ravens game until we have a block in the back on a punt return and an illegal formation penalty on offense
That's why we need a true #1
We need a better WR1. Play marquise in the slot
Absolute dime. Come the fuck on Soulja.
This is why Jackson runs he can’t count on no one but himself to get shit done
Inb4 Soulja Boy drops 4 catches and then has one big TD play that gives us all hope
"At this point, if the team is considering drafting a WR, can we just hold a fan vote or something lol. I'm so sick of the WRs this team drafts."
"That pass was on the fucking money, damn"
Literally a dime and he drops it again
i like that they didn’t show us a close up of that no-catch
How did Hollywood drop that! What is it with our team that kills hands .. this guy never dropped anything in college
#I CAN SEE FOR MILES AND MILES
"My god that was a beauty of a throw. Maybe make Boykin our deep threat now, he actually catches passes thrown directly to him"
MYLES DOWN THE FIELD
Looking good on the long ball today
mandrews as the bait to bring down the safety
Is it just me or has Boykin improved a lot in the past few weeks?
Boykin better than Brown
Love to see boykin get it on with lamar lately
yessir
LaMaR CaNt ThRoW
Boykin has impressed me this season ngl
Boykin TDs are my favorite TDs.
"It's so obvious how much signing Dez sparked a fire in the other recievers, absolutely love that signing."
Respect for Avrett fighting off that block.  He's really playing better lately.
Averett is somehow our best corner against the WR screen
Wait they can call that on other teams?
"Canadian here using DAZN to stream, your commercials are actually pretty good lol"
Anyone know where to get one of them cool Ravens-colored Maryland flag-looking face covering that Harbaugh is wearing?
G I R T H
Girthy Gus Edwards
I must have missed a sentence of the commentary because now everyone is saying girth
8 different ravens have more yards the the Bengals God damn
That time of possession though 😂
We know where Tyree’s eyes went when he grabbed that ball rn
RUN IT THERE LAMAR
Justice hill was wide open....
Hollywood was wide open
Good job defense
Celebrating the only good thing they'll get outta the game lmao
Soulja stiffarm!
need a score and then we can run the clock out. no need to let this team hang
I feel like Lamar is messing with the Bengals. Like he is not shifting into high gear. Doesn’t want to give any playoff teams some tape to review.
"Jackson's passes today are money, but drops are fucking killers"
Run Dobby run!!!!
Gus just using that girth
Yoo Gus is a beast man! Love the bus
Oof Mark. He just runs right to the defender. Gus and JK get skinny and pick up a first there
I just want Lamar to have some legit weapons to throw too.
I can’t tell if Ingram has really declined that much or if we just scheme worse when he’s in the game
Seems like a better time than any to bring up the fact that JK Dobbins railed my girlfriend’s cousin
Weekly illegal formation
"Ah, I see the illegal formation came relatively early this week."
We have 146 rushing yards in 21 mins of football lol
Yessss! Illegal formation again!
Has any local reporter asked the coaches how illegal shift penalties keep occurring every game?
Now we are officially playing a Ravens game
Wait til an illegal formation brings back an important play in the playoffs. This sub is gonna lose it.
"*Ingram in the backfield*

""ITS TIME TO SHOW YALL, IM STILL THE SAME PLAYER!""

*Gets the ball from Lamar*

""ITS TIME TO SHOW THE LEAGUE WHAT IM MADE OF""

*Spin Move*

""I CANNOT BE STOPPED!""

*Stutter Step*

*""And.. Ingram gets the carry and makes it back to the line of scrimmage. Second down and 10....""*"
Okay tough throw but wtf was Hollywood thinking he didn't need to run it what?
The fact he even got yards LOL
Sweet
When Lamar fucks up on 3rd down we always convert the 4th lol
Lol Lamar said I ain't getting off the field.
Lamar is so fucking good
"Lamar Jackson only needs 46 rushing yards for 1,000"
He sneak called Lamar a running back. Smh
LFG hollywood
Lamar is just so in control it’s unbelievable
SOULJA BOY TELL EM
Souljah boy tell em
SOULJA BOY TELL EM
CRANK DAT
I still absolutely love our momentum. I hope this’ll be enough to beat the big boys (IE Stillers and Chiefs) but I’m feeling really confident about our guys
This s a fun game to watch.
germaine pratt talking shit before the game now you gotta be on the field for the whole 60 mins lol smh
"Wink really wants this shutout, and my fantasy team needs it too"
"Who was the Bengals player that said ""It’s over for them""?"
"Chuck Clark's tackling has been weak af lately. Like dude, just bumping them doesn't cut it in the NFL."
Hope Yannick can comeback soon
"Punt return for the Bills, 21-3 Buffalo"
[deleted]
When I make crab cakes I never add a dash of Lee and Pee-rines
Marlos coverage there oooof
This is potentially the worst O Line in the NFL and we can’t get to the QB.. oof
Hayden Hurst with the touchdown!
161 rushing yards in one half
Is this the most lopsided 17-3 game ever?
Looks like we won't play Buffalo. That is welcome news. I like our chances against everyone right now but Colts/Titans/Steelers are all a notch below them
Brian Flores look like he just finished smoking a blunt
Marlon and Marcus out there with half effort
I feel sorry for the Bengals getting injured this game.
The way this man steps up in the pocket can bring a tear to my eye
Looks like Lamar is well aware about 1000
Lol someone calling out holding
Getting Chris Godwin this offseason would be huge
Dobby got his sock and ran with it.
The refs like Lamar
took 3 dudes
Is that 1k?
Dez was blocking hard for Lamar
Too fucking easy
"X time

edit: but that works too"
#FEED DOBBY
god this offense is fun to watch when we're clicking
Alright ladies and gents. This Ravens team is about to go on the warpath this postseason. I'm stoked
Lamar needs 2 more yards for 1k.
Jk 27 baby
did jk break the rookie record?
"NFL record for rushing yards in a game is 426, let's break it"
God I love Dobbins. It’s insane to me how long it took for him to get more snaps.
FREE ELF
Last year they benched Lamar for the final game and then they had the bye week and Lamar look rusty as hell in the playoff game. I hope they keep him in there.
I’m so glad JK fell to us
It’s kinda sad sad to see AJ Green as a hollow shell if his former self.
"""No.""

-Chuck Clark"
Judon lmao
lol judon
Get Lamar to 1k then sit him
How big of a lead should we accumulate before we brigade the Bengals LB who talked shit on Twitter
I know we have PTSD from last playoff game but we should genuinely destroy the Titans. Their defense is worse than even the Browns.
Germaine Pratt Twitter: https://mobile.twitter.com/GermainePratt7/status/1345068026681569281
"How do you know when Fluker is in the game?

We’re getting a penalty"
YES
#LLAMA GOT 1K
1K!!
Only 300 yards to 3K passing yards 😎
Lamar over 1000!!
MR 1000
Kind of funny how the announcers didn’t even say anything about Lamar’s record lol
LJ 1k
There we have it
Germaine 🤡🤡🤡
Lamar is the Lebron of the NFL people don't want to admit it. He does it all!!
Lamar is the only qb ever with more than one 1k rushing szn
Maybe Germaine Pratt was just kidding. Like legit may have just been trying to be funny? lol
There is literally no reason to pass the ball at this point lmao
"Nice by Colon Castillo, didn't get pushy, didn't get a stupid flag, just walked away and defused."
Lmao Bengals defense is so tired of this
So have we just run the ball all game like this?
">Lamar Jackson become first QB in NFL history to rush for two 1,000-yard seasons with that 7-yard scramble for a first down - @jamisonhensley"
HOLLYWOOOOOD! THE HAY IS IN THE BARN!
More like an hour away with all these commercials
3 td passes
He makes great catches. He just needs to lock in 100 percent of the time and he will be just fine. He's still having a quitely good year I think.
Hollywood needs to buy Lamar a steak dinner. His numbers feel higher than his actual performance this year.
I am feeling hopeful for the playoffs in this Chili’s tonight
Did Lamar get the rushing yards record?
"Lamar's field vision, man... It's as elite as his athleticism."
Random thought. What ever happened to marlon brown?
Browns and Steelers game is close. They might even lose.
If that was Earl Thomas he would have let him go
Bullshit! That’s OPI if anything!
There’s the PI call we are due. Soft call tbh
NFL trying to cover the spread lol
Hahahaha Peters said fuck you refs
Where’s he going?
Wowwwwww lmao
MP JUICE MAN
Brandon Allen is so garbage lmao
Lmaoooo MP Juiceman
Lmao Bengals gonna Bungle
"Man!!! That was a TD if his momentum wasn’t taking him out of bounds, he was going 100+"
MP JUICEMAN!!
#PETERS
Did he step out at the 1 lol?
Ball don't lie
"Honestly, if Green was hungry he could ave changed course and beat Peters out for that TD"
Strange I haven’t heard the name Germaine Pratt from the announcers at all this game.. huh
Brandon Allen gonna go from reading defenses to reading tire pressures at Goodyear
THE HUNT IS ON
"YOU COULD SAY WE'RE ""IN THE HUNT"""
">WR Hollywood Brown now has 8 TDs and 769 receiving yards this year. I know he's had some struggles this year, but he's hot at the right time, and the Ravens will be counting on him to hit some big plays in the playoffs. - @gdowning14"
i’m truly speechless
DOBBINS OH MY LORD
GERMAINE PRATT OWNED BAHAHAHAHAHHAA
Jesus. Pull everyone. No more. Save it for the playoffs.
"Ravens win 

Bengals lose"
EASY MONEY
Hey Pratt...Do something buddy. Fucking clown.
"WE WANT 400

WE WANT 400"
"Damn it we'll never know what he said after ""Listen to me though""!!"
Dobbins is the best RB in the league don't @ me
Over 350 yards on the ground and we ain’t in the 4th quarter. What’s the record for a team in a game?
Quick go back to the tweet before he deletes it
"Let this be a lesson, kids, not to talk shit on Twitter before you actually play the game"
That's how you score as a RB. Big fuck you to the bungles
we honestly could've treated this week like a bye hahaha
350 yards rushing in 3 qtrs
Dobbins rookie card stock going up
I love that we're fucking dominating. Still want AJ Green to finish his Bengals career with a TD in garbage time
**MORE**
"so uh, what's the all time rushing record again?"
Some say Dobbins is still running
Let’s sign Germaine Pratt in the off-season and use him as a punching bag
Damn queen
The record for yard rushing in a game is 423
Bowser wants his pick
"The record for the most rushing yards in a game is 423 yards

Ravens have 350 with the entire 4th quarter left"
"Browns just went up 24-9.

Get ready for the overload of ""Browns back in the playoffs"" news."
Zach Taylor tryna make it 38-5
Zach Taylor is such a cunt
That was great by 10 recognising the ball hit his teammates leg and to pick it up and get some yards.
58 yards from the NFL record for rushing yards in a game
"Umm. But even if they prevented it from going in, we scooped it up and the play was called dead. Wouldn’t they have to actually possess the ball, not just touch it?"
brooo Bengals making this game too long
Ingram 2019 form 😳
I want the record of 423+
I love Ingram getting his bag too
"Ingram getting the ""chew clock"" snaps on the field 😕"
Ingram needed that layoff to get healed up for real. He has a decent burst now. Dude was moving like a rock a few weeks ago.
I know I'm late but remember when everyone was saying Kyler was on Lamar's level
FEED ME
510 - 138 in yards.  yikes
32!
"Remember guys, last year our RBs and Andrews were injured going into the Titans game.   I think we wreck their defense this year, and will only need one or two stops on defense."
The fuck was that
wtf was that? lmao
"Get the ball back, D!"
Give us the record cowards!
How many yards away are we from the record now?
Is it taunting if the defense refuses to play a down just to get the offense the ball.
I know it doesn't matter but Judon NEVER gets holding calls
The most rushing yards by a team in NFL history is 423 by the Giants in 1950. We have 398. I think we break it!
What is going on  with Huntley? Looked so good last time he played.
Hayden Hurst just got a TD!
Damn...  can they let Gus or Dobbins back in real quick to do this for us.
Huntley is struggling
Damn he looked good before. Why is Huntley now incapable of running lol
"Huntley is good, but he’s definitely no LJ"
"Well, Trace is our backup I say"
"So long, \#nopuntsunday..."
Remember when Huntley was the future backup and could be a starter for some teams?
just let em score so we can get another crack at it
That’s a pick forsure
Wtf was that ref looking at?
This should be a quick one
That is a clear fucking pick. Christ.
I don't think we get the record. We're headed for kneel down territory
Even if this doesn't stand Clark has broke on the ball incredibly well today.
That was a fucking pic.
Lmaoooo that ref looked annoyed to even be reviewing this 😂
harbs wants the record too
That’s a pick y’all.  Now about that rushing record...
If we let our RBs to run it we will get it. Don't let Huntley run that damn ball
Gimme JK or Gus for 3 carries and let’s get this fuckin record
"Chuck you magnificent bastard, we now have a good shot at the record."
Let’s get 23 fucking yards on the ground
"Ingrams come on man 

We have records to break"
WTF no score in the fourth
Funny how Ingram is in to save talent
"They've given up. I'm not surprised, just slightly disappointed"
damn oh well. We still got 400 lmao
"We aint gonna get it guys, unless someone breaks off a big one"
steelers in position to tie the game
lmao if the Browns Browns this up...
Duvernay jet sweet or something. Ingram for 0 yards is making me lose it
I HAVENT POSTED IN GAME THREAD YET LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO BOYS BIG TRUZZ
Actually depressed we didnt get it LOL
The forward pass was a mistake
2017 ravens proud rn
Fuck the browns
"THEY RAN THE TABLE MOTHERFUCKERSSSSS

WHOOP SOME TITAN ASS NEXT WEEK"
Browns barely squeezed in. They’ll be one and done for sure.
Mason Rudolf has such a punchable face
Aww cute look at them celebrate down 10-0
"Ah yes, a moment of silence for COVID victims while having fans in the stands while it's still going on."
Y’all crazy for thinking we would ever lose this game with Lamar Jackson playing.. with Flacco ok that’s different but this ain’t the same Ravens no more. THESE ARE JACKSONS RAVENS
Remember when we thought Huntley was better than RG3 lol
Who else rocking a white Llama jersey? LFG FLOCKGANG
I want Lamar to Houdini on their asses
Please get up 3 scores early and destroy their hope
Fuck I wish Mekari was healthy. He really has been so solid at C. Another undrafted success story
LETS F@&€#! GOOO!!!!!
"For the love of god, STOP SHOWING THAT SHIT"
fuck you cbs
Really CBS ? You start with that ?
Love to see Colon-Castillo out there at center
Bengals' knees got PTSD!!!
I love the magician
Ricard is so beautiful
Hey!  That play finally worked!
"I watch on Sunday ticket so I’m always like 20 seconds behind and I’m addicted to refreshing this sub to see what happened.

Every game I’m like nah imma chill and watch it as is and I can’t help it lmao"
Good to see Ingram again :)
"Ah yes, the Ravens, the only NFL team who ever commits a holding penalty"
Ugh I hate that play call there. That play works after we've established something in the pass game
"A draw on 3rd and 10 near the end zone. Very
Cool Roman."
Justice Hill should not be on the field for 3rd downs
Wasn't a bad play call actually. The DE just made a good play. Jackson may have gotten a first if he got past him.
Fluker leads the league in holding yayyyy!!!!!
fucking steelers
"Ughh, my CBS decided to show Patriots/Jets."
Tee Higgins  just  pulled his Hamstring running on that play 😮😮
I hope he's not hurt as much as he seemed
Prayers for Higgins
That sucks man. He was telling you could hear him
Me: can we get Michael Thomas? Mom: no we have it at home. Michael Thomas at home: *Mike Thomas*
oh man that's rough lol
"Hope that guy is okay.  

Like the penalty, though."
"Damn that sounded painful, I hope he's okay."
"Hoping for Tee, he’s such a beast wr that looked so bad though."
SOULJA
Come the fuck on Hollywood
Would be nice if a soulja catches a pass that hits him in the hands.
There's the dumb fucking waste of a roster spot Soulja we know.
We’re so low on db depth we got a dude wearin #17 lmfao
And we wonder why Jackson had trust issues with WRs.
I mean you couldn’t hand it off into his hands any better than that Soulja
Right on his chest...
Every time Marquise drops a ball let’s take a shot
Hollywood better be in front of the jugs machine every fucking day in the offseason
BOYKIN!!!!!!!
boykin been winning me back recently
That’s how you catch it!
"Just came by to say fuck Hollywood. You can be the quickest dude in the world, but if you can’t catch you can’t catch. Boykins is better"
MILES BOYKIN WHAT A PLAY ILY
BOYKIN! Take notes Hollywood!
DIME!
Fucking perfect pass god damn
Lamar to Boykins! Great fucking pass
NICE WHAT A THROW
If I had a dollar for every time I heard Ricard was over 300 lbs
FUCKING DIME PASS
Holy shit Lamar dropping dimes
DIMESSSSSSSSSS
Boykin he catch 😘
I think the Bengals are gonna find it hard to muster up the motivation for a comeback
Im gonna be drinking some massive kool aid if Jackson hits a few more deep today
"GRo must've seen something on film lol, all these deep routes today. Let's go!!"
If Boykin fought for every passing snap he would be a WR1. If he can learn to find holes in a zone he will improve dramatically.
Remember earlier in the year when everyone said boykin was garbo and now apparently he’s our best receiver
What a dime!
What a play lmao
LJ looking good
Analysts are always knocking lamar saying he can't pass. If you actually watch the games he drops dimes and is just as good as a high end QB such as Tannehill or Deshaun. Dime down the sideline to Brown that was dropped and that TD pass is normal for him. Thing is he runs so well he doesn't have to do it all the time.
You gotta feel like having Dez on the roster is a positive influence on Boykin. He seems like he's really stepped up since Dez got here
"Boykin has been doing so much better since we signed Dez, that definitely isn't a coincidence"
Averett is coming into his own
averett playing well
Is wink wearing golfing gloves? Lol
Where can I see that Soulja drop pass? Where’s the replay
Baker mayfield is in too many commercials
[deleted]
Give Bozeman a tackle on that one lol
That pass to Brown was slightly behind but he still should of caught it
Dads are dumb guys
"Gus ""Girth God"" Edwards

Thanks Spiro"
Love seeing Castillo fill in instead of Skura. Anyone with more knowledge know how’s he been playing? No errant snaps is all I need to know
We might get that 133 rushing by the half
two tips and one of them is a pick damn it
Stared his receiver down. Good defensive play
"That's on Colon-Castillo.  Gotta engage there, keep those hands down."
Wow...Bengals D is asking to be spanked now. Showboating down 10..
That Hunt guy is scary
bro allen is so fucking ass
Great coverage by Board.
Is it just me or is the camera work super sloppy today?
"All these negative posts about a batted ball pick, if I went and read comments after the Td would you all have made positive comments?"
Thank god. We didn't get burned by that
We need to get another LJ deep shot
Bengals defense celebration was short lived.
Was that a Hollywood stiff arm?
is it really a Ravens game without a dumb offensive penalty
Oh you thought you had the Llama?
Amazing how much better the Oline has been with all these injuries.
"U CANNOT MOB WITH THE DOBB, BENGALS"
Dobbins and Lamar next year with a healthy Stanley are gonna be insane
My god just run them over
And there it is.
why do we get so much illegal formations? do we not know the rules?
There it is. 32 snaps in
Lol and there it is
Illegal formation. DRINK!!!
What do they even say in the O meeting groups at this point? “Pls stop”
I really have to get my DVR working so I can figure out how we just got an illegal formation on a guard
No way we didn't break the record for the most illegal formation penalties in a season
There’s our obligatory illegal formation per game
None of that in the post season PLZ!
Lamar set your feet dog
GO FOR IT
I feel like Lamar has a perfect passer rating on 4th down
Bengals players getting injured just to not play in this game anymore.
"Gotta love
Lamar"
Reminder Cincy O has been playing much improved the last 4 weeks. The defensive effort so far is noteworthy
"Steelers FG, 10-3 Browns"
There is a lot of purple in the crowd
SOULJAA
SOULJA WITH THE REDEMPTION
Still time for another drive!
Nice seeing brown lay out for it.
Great to see Hollywood swim over that coverage and immediately be looking for that.
>Gus Edwards has already converted four third-and-short situations today. Easy money. #Ravens - @BaltimoreLuke
Cincy's first girth down!
"lmao, their first first down"
Is the defense tired? They’ve been on the field for like a total of two minutes this game lol
The dolphins would be putting fitzpatrick in right now if they could
Queen almost never goes backwards when he makes contact. Absolute tank.
Wow - dumbest short yardage call ever.
Weak sauce.
Glad we held em to a fg but also why are they kicking a fg
Wink is taking that FG personally
The winner of that wild card game should get slimed
Hell of a play by Humph on that 3rd down. Right where they wanted to go
"good half, really impressed with lamars passing lately"
"Another 172 yards rushing in the 2nd half and it's 3,000 for the year"
Lmfao super wild card weekend is on Nick🤣😂😂🤡 NFL reaching
Nothing but positive things to say about the first half
"Would you rather play the Steelers or Titans? Personally, I’d rather play the Titans for revenge."
Miami getting smoked jesus
"dolphins choking so hard

so much for your magic against the raiders"
Peters ripped off his towel like it’s flag football lmao
"Green and Allen weren't on the same page, they weren't even in the same BOOK"
Averett being active i like it
Bengals dropping like flies
Clearly Peters was just pretending to be beat there.
"Damn, Bengals getting smacked by injuries today."
Our top 4 corners might be the best group in the league honestly who comes close to Humphrey Peters Averett and Smith?
Looking like we’ll play the titans or colts
Oh we trying for that record
"Third procedural penalty in an empty, quiet stadium. Makes sense."
Dobbins don't go down.
It’s everybody on offense want their own flag lmao
"Lamar clearly wants 1,000"
Dobbins is already my favourite NFL player
I want to see Ricard get the ball lol
Ohio State running backs are the best
"Less than 30 yards to 1,000!"
2 yards away lol
King of ohio
Dobbins is so fucking good
2 more yards let’s go Lamar
I was kinda not thrilled with Dobbins as a pick. 2nd for an RB seemed high. But I think he’s a star in the making.
Running right thru these mfs
I love dobbins
Really glad we could snag dobbins
JK-27
This Dobbins guy... I see some flashes... he might be good in the future...hard to say just yet...maybe...
That ohio state celebration tho...
Was that 5 run plays for 70 yards in less than 3 minutes?
"Dobbins reminds me of Chubb. Power, speed, and agility are just off the charts."
JK is a Beast. Starter for years to come
Our bye week will be the 4th quarter
The jets are winning AGAIN
Jets beating Pat's with Perriman as the top receiver
Lmao at anyone who was worried about this game
Idc who we play we’re a buzzsaw right now
"""Has anyone ever actually died out there?...Cause y'all are gonna get me fucking killed..I'm not going back out there.""

- Brandon Allen Mic'd Up"
So what are we thinking for next week?
It would be hilarious if the bills blow their lead
"In a very weird way, I was hoping the game would be more competitive because it'd let us see more Lamar.

But I realize this is insane and a blowout here is optimal, lol."
Lamar got 1K!!
1000
HE GOT IT
Talk about blink and you’ll miss it
1K LETS GOOOOOOO
GERMAINE “NOPE OVER FOR THEM” PRATT where you at
"OH HE KNEW

1,000!!!"
Is that 1000? 0 reaction from announcers lol
He hit 1k POGG
The Great #8 with 1000 rushing yards
Edwards is a monster on these short yardage situations
Hopefully we score 7 here and we can get Huntley in.
"I want Lamar to get an extra 10-15 yards rushing, just to make sure he doesn't somehow drop back under 1000 on a bad play."
"OBVIOUSLY I realize it's because he's so important. 

But why do I cringe when I see Lamar tackled but I can watch Dobbins or Edward's get rolled up and I feel like they'll be fine they are tanks!"
This rushing attack is brutal
More... MOOORE
What a dart. My god he's just on his shit right now. So damn good
HOLLY
#LOOKS LIKE PLAYOFFS ARE ON THE MENU
#HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
"Brown has really stepped up, he’s fighting for yards, that’s what I like to see."
Soulja redemption!
"WATCH OUT NFL, THE RAVENS ARE BACK"
It’s Huntley time
Holder is cracked (?)
Lamar better not play another snap
"Y'all done dickriding him yet?

CALL GOD!!!!!"
might be Lamar's nicest td throw this season
LETS SEE HUNTLEY BREAK ANKLES IN  THE 4TH
">Lamar Jackson has just become the first quarterback in NFL history to rush for 1,000 yards in multiple seasons. He's also just the third #Ravens player to rush for 1,000 yards in back-to-back seasons, joining Jamal Lewis (2002-04) and Ray Rice (2009-12). - @BaltimoreLuke"
Fuck 2017 btw. Lol
Idk if we’ve just played bad defenses recently or if G Roman figured something out finally but this offense is deadly ATM
"They keep saying ""first back to back"" about Lamar getting 1000 rushing, but Vick only did it once ever and he was the only one to ever do it. Lamar is the first to ever do it twice at all"
Thanks Marlon
Ugh. Nice hustle by Humphrey at least.
Yeah let’s try to avoid this
**SCORE BOARD**
"Damn, defense wants Lamar to stay in apparently"
He hooked Averetts arm but that's alright lmao
Wtf is that PI?
The fact that Stephen A Smith copied word for word Shannon Sharpe's take on Lamar should tell you all you need to know about that clown
FUCK THE NFL AND GOD BLESS MP JUICEMAN
OK THAT MAKES UP FOR IT LERS GOOO
KARMA LETS GOOO
Ball dont lie.
BAHAHA LEGGO
LMAOOOO JUICEMAN!!!
LOL fuck you!
Instant Karma lmfaooo
MP JUICE MAN
Where do we get the ball now?
TAKE THOSE PI PENALTIES AND SHOVE IT STARIGHT UP YOUR ASS
I hope he didn’t run that to the 1 yard line.
Round 1 of the excorism gauntlet is almost over.
If he stayed in bounds he was GONE
Bengals are designed only to avoid shutouts
JUICEMAN JUICEMAN YEAHDATS ME
He better not have gotten out of the endzone
Lol MPJuiceman got a bone to pick!
Haha Lamar’s donzo for the day.. and the regular season
Its huntley season
"I was so confused, I was like 

“Why does Lamar look weird”"
Huntley season!
"That was a pick 6 if he had been able to cut the turn a little more.  He had green field and gray skies ahead of him.

AND JFC DOBBINES, HOLY FUCK."
Not even the 4th Q and Huntley is in. And LJ already made a new rushing yards record.
Who do we send a thank you card to for the Dobbins pick?
DOBBY IS A FREE ELF
GERMAINE YOU CLOWN
DAT BOI FAST FAST
MF DOBBINS!!!!
Dobbins is a fucking star!!!
Bengals  thrown in the towel
Dobbins is fucking incredible.
"Stop, they already dead"
LETS GO FOR THE RUSH RECORD!!
Dobbins is already a superstar
dobby my goodness
JK said ok Chubb watch this
JK is a man. The Bengals are boys
I can’t wait to see what Dobbins top speed was on that bitch
i cant stop laughing at how bad the bengals are i seriously cant
Dobbins helping me cover my parlay! Love seeing 27 ball.
Pratt getting stiff armed to let jk break loose makes it that much better hahaha
Fuck it let’s go for 500 rushing yards
Lmao 38-3
400 rushing yards possible? 🤭
It’s nice to see the team having fun again
"Lamar putting the mask over his eyes, because the Bengal offence isn't watchable."
“I AINT GOTTA CELEBRATE” y’all heard that haha
Holy shit we have 350 yards rushing!
Playoffs baby
I dunno... I'm starting to worry if we'll be making the playoffs... /s
LISTEN TO ME THO!
Bye Bye Bengals 😂
Holy shit they’re gonna finish with 500 rushing yards lmao
Got damn Queen
Man this feels so much like 2012
Fuck it let's drop 50 on em and break records
Bowser is having a great game
I'd love for this to be that much more of a statement game. 50+ to 3.
The Ravens have 350 rushing yards. This is the most in Ravens history for a single game.
Looks like it's over for Germaine Pratt!
I’m soooo happy we get a rematch in the playoffs against the Titans we can get our revenge from last year
"Well. Hurtling towards the inevitable grudge match. If Players can’t get fired up for round 3 against the Titans than we simply don’t have the dog in us. Titans have disrespected us in every possible way, better be out for blood"
"Watching these Bengals definitely will have you wondering, Who Dey?"
"Jesus Christ, Taylor. Really? Is this necessary?

At worst this will ""stand."""
"We'd destroy the all time record if Lamar was still in the game.  It's wild to think we still have a good chance of doing so with Huntley.

Let's do it."
We've got a shot at most rushing yards in a game in nfl history... 423
Is there any chance we play Pitt with them losing and Tenn winning later? From what im gathering it looks like Tenn is locked into the 4 seed but was wondering if there was any other scenario
Two consecutive 3K rushing seasons.   Nice job Roman.  Credit the man!
Huntley > Tua
LETS GO INGRAM
mark!
What is the record guys?
I’m lowkey pumped for next year’s preseason to watch Huntley make some plays
We’re probably going to get Browns vs. Steelers in the Wildcard
ToP: 32:31 - 14:30 Ravens.
Man the Bengals defense couldn’t stop Bama
30!
"Come on ravens, get the all time single game rushing record"
we're 30 yards from all time rush yards in a game.
What the fuck was that call?
I just want the opportunity to play the Steelers in the playoffs. They fucking suck and I have 100% confidence we’d fuck them into the dirt
26!
Wtf happened there?
After giving up 400 yards on the ground they need any small victory lol
Can't nearly be upset. This is a preseason game now.
Browns could still get clowned
Fuckin A. I so badly want the all time record for rushing yards. Inching closer!!!
Does anyone else put mustard on fried fish if it’s too salty
"4 and 10, Steelers convert for a TD. 24-16 Browns"
"*Bengals half time speech*

“Boys let’s get out there and ... get this over with”"
"That was a hold on Judon either way, how did they not call that blatant pull back on his neck?"
FETCH ME THEIR SOULS
we aren’t gonna get it :(
A Punt by the Ravens?
"Ok, so probably won't get the record, but awesome game all around"
Tyler Huntley ruining my vibe.
"well... we may not get that single game rushing record after all.

@ least we got the franchise record."
These commentators are so boring
"Yeah Trace looks like the better backup 

However Huntley is still a rookie so I’m excited for year 2 to see what he can do"
Pratt got a tackle today guys!! IT'S OVER FOR US 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
did tucker just lay someone out?????????
Dolphins suck
Just let them score so we can get the ball back with time for the record.
Why is Vikes Lions the game of the day out of nowhere
Theyre running the ball so we don't get the record. Fuck the Bengals.
THATS A PICK
Challenge that!
How are we allowed to have a CB with number 17?
Got that
"That's a pick

Chuck got robbed smh"
That’s absolutely a pick wtf
Clark got his pick
That’s a pick!!
That’s an INT!!
Rushing record back on the menu
THANK YOU JOHN
Fuck it go for the challenge
pick
Obviously 2 feet down with possession.
Chuck giving us one more chance! I love you Chuck
That's a pick.
23 yards let’s get it...
We want that record no kneeling like a bitch
Fuck off that was a pick.
How far off the record are we????? Why aren’t they talking about this
I wonder if they even know on the field about the record.
Chuck you gotta just shave your head man.
AJ Green didnt even look back to act like he gave a fuck
Such a graceful int
We not gettin it are we
The problem is it is three straight runs so Cincy is ready for it. I want that record.
I LOVE THIS TEAM
Bye bye record. Smh
"21 yards

thats it"
No record :(
rip the record
"ehh, I guess we're probably not gonna get it lol :("
"Let’s get to the outside, running up the middle clearly ain’t working rn"
I known Mark has taken a step back but he gets bit behind the line way more than the other backs it seems.
We ain't gonna get the record with Ingram running the ball
"Huge pass for the Steelers, 1st and goal with 2:30 left in the game"
"whelp, we at least got over 400."
"Eh, we don't get the record, but the important part is we won, we're in the playoffs, and everyone came out healthy"
"LOL, Ingram is struggling running vs 9 in the box and people call him washed. Like he is, but not because of this game. The OL isn't really trying, plays are a pro bowl level in scheme complexity, the Bengals are really trying, and everyone knows we are trying to run out the clock. Not the situation to judge a RB."
These announcers are like two annoying people talking in a movie theater and not watching the movie.
"GET A PUNT

RUN FOR 20 MORE YARDS

BREAK THAT RECORD"
We got like 4 yards our last 2 possessions lol
"""You know who that RB was for cincinnati back in 2000?""

""I don't know, who?""

""I don't know.""

Come on man"
Browns really let Mason drop 300 on them?
ive never been more sad to rush for 400+
How can I get both the Steelers and Browns to lose?
Fuck records. Let's worry about our first playoff match up
"Cut Soulja, Ingram and RG3 and buy a WR1 and don't look back. A WR1, Boykin and Snead is more than enough for Lamar."
"refs love throwing flags during our game, they know it's their time to shine when we play"
Back to back plays of Lamar missing open receivers.  Lamar needs to stop being afraid to throw dumpoffs.
Fuck off with this ingram shit
Crucial part about getting the 5 seed is that we have a good chance to avoid KC in round 2. Either Steelers or Bills lose and we avoid KC til a potential AFCCG.
Please Harbs. Please do not bench Lamar right now.
"The fall off of AJ Green has been insane.  In his prime I used to argue with my friends he was just as good as Julio.  Looks dumb now, but I honestly think he was at one point."
LaMaR cAn'T tHrOw ThE bAlL
Man Ingram is so done........hopefully he can get a 1 year cash grab somewhere next year
So no Yannick today. Anyone notice who can't get to the QB now on the other side? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
"Looks like Hollywood trapped that ball on the reception, anyone else notice that on the replay?

Wish he could catch big passes with his hands."
"Lamars “off” year is still a top 10 QB in the league. 


I honestly think if he was white he would be classified as “elite” by everyone. No joke."
This dude Hollywood has had such an up and down season 🤦🏽‍♂️
The Chad Hollywood Boykin vs the Virgin Bakersfield Brown
SAY THE LINE BART
37 seconds 3 TOs? Easy points for Lamar
If we pull Lamar when he’s two yards away
This is bullying
"Wink sets a Sack record today.

Mark that shit."
For Baltimore 🎶and Maryland 🎶we will fight on to victory!!
"I think the defense is gonna feast this game. 

At least 3 TOs"
I'm chill. I think we win this at a canter. I'm more nervous about injuries
This is a game to put away early to avoid late game nervousness. Foot on the gas from the start
Fuck they hit us with the Boyd play before the game even started
Why they gotta fuck us up at he beginning like that though..
Let’s stomp them into the dirt
CMON BOYS
Nice to see Colon-Castillo out there.  Skura did not get the start.
STOP STOP STOP STOP SHOWING THAT
"Lamar got as many yards up field as he did side to side, damn"
Just me or is there a sound boost on my TV everytime we snap the ball?
Lamar just made the Bengals tackle each other at the line 😂😂😂😂
DUUUUUUVVV
Ground and pound baby!!
Glad we get replays this week
DUV
That Bell guy showboating after Lamar overthrew it
Not a fan of that. Guess we get 3
Designed run on third and ten what is this the Flacco era
option on 3rd and 10?  come on
They have Colon-Castillo at center
Stop running a QB draw on 3rd down
Dumb play
Here’s the key.  That announcer needs to stop and take a breath.
Good hold Townsend
"Ingram got out of the backfield!

This is not a drill!"
So far so good from the new wolf pup in the pack
"If he doesn't get hurt that's 6.

Edit: well I didn't see the OPI call at first."
Thats why we switched from turf.
Thank god thats coming back
Yikes. Not a good call by the Bengals to play your young stud WR in a meaningless game when he’s been limited in practice with a hamstring
Hearing him yell in pain like that was awful
"That block in the back was completely unnecessary, so undisciplined..."
What a throw. What a drop.
YOU HAVE TO CATCH THAT
Gus blocked the mess outta Pratt!!
"Wow I thought that was gonna be overthrown. 

Did that hit him in the chest?"
Disappointed but not surprised with that drop
You've simply got to catch that
"WE NEED MORE SOLJAS

NAW FAM. we need more hand eye coordination. Fuck"
Souljas stolen valor
ugh that hit marquise in the fucking hands
Soulja a mf clown
REALLY hoping Brown has a turnaround like Adams in a few years....
tough catch but a number 1 WR catches that
Dammit Marquise how much better of a ball do you fucking need
Yeah thats why you invest more in WR Zrebiec
You can't throw it better than that. Gotta catch that one.
"Yes, yes, Lamar needs no WRs."
Catch the fucking ball you whiney bitch
Lol when fans say Lamar doesn’t need a #1 receiver
fuck it lets get Lamar the 1k yards rushing en route to a win
Gus behind Ricard is pure money on 3rd and short
BOYKIN!!!!
"Did Marquise ""Perriman"" Brown have this same problem catching in college?

I just don't get why he's so trash at catching now"
WHAT A BEAUTIFUL THROW
Boykin did a thing!
Boykin seems to be making the turnaround
Boykin in the second half of the season has been so reliable. Starting to love the guy
Boykin runs like my mom
"&#x200B;

Lamar Jackson 💰💰💰"
"Goodbye to Soulja, Boykin is my new BFF"
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!
F'ing beautiful!
Holy fuck Lamar is dialed in on long bombs. Look the fuck out.
Everything about that play was perfect.
What a DIME !!
That's how you catch a damn ball!
That was a good route from Boykin
BOYKIN LETS GOO
BOYKINNNNN
Thank god boykin can catch
Big BOYkin
Hell yeah Boykin LFG
Boykin has been the real solja
It’s no coincidence that Boykin started to show up more after we signed Dez
Stuntin on em
Brown always tries to catch it with his body. I don’t know how his coaches don’t correct this.
Looks like the game plan is to pick them apart deep and Lamar has had two dimes so far. Hollywood is gonna get one here soon I’m sure of it
what a great Special Teams tackle
Back to back 69 yard drives? Say less
Hollywood needs to double up on his off season work outs. I was stoked seeing him on Instagram all off season thought he was gonna break out. What a disappointing second season from him.
"Weak dpi incoming

Edit: super glad to be wrong. Thought that red would be looking in the play area and not calling a presnap."
I'm at the point where if I see #15 I get nervous.
"Wait, the Ravens aren't the only team that illegally shifts?"
Averette has been playing good the last few games. Good to see Marlo's boy developing
Ok that baker ad was decent
"“Yo, what’s that for?” Made me burst out laughing lol"
Flo > Baker
Gus Bus Gurthy Boi.
Bengals ran 6 plays in that quarter nice
"Ooh yeah, tell me about Gus' girth"
These announcers really love the word “probe”
"Good heavens, that time of possession"
"Already 94 yards rushing after the first quarter, Jesus"
holy hell Mason Rudolph sucks
"Really want us to break the record for consecutive games with >100 yards rushing as a team.

With how much the league has changed, it’ll be practically unbreakable if we’re able to get it"
Has Colon Castillo been at C the whole game?
Why do we start Fluker and than yank him every week can anyone tell me lol
We put that dude at RT and everything goes to shit idk why we do that
Damn might need some deeper drops.
Okay defense. Your turn. We have been light on turnovers lately. Time to get right.
Bro lamar just not looking at the left side of the field.
Lamar should ran there but I don’t mind seeing him minimizing hits against the bengals. We can’t beat them with Lamar playing safer we don’t deserve playoffs
>The Ravens have now rushed for the 2nd-most yards in a single season in franchise history (second to last year). - @ryanmink
"that was almost a dime damn, good coverage"
I love drives that start deep in our own territory against bad teams
Bengals sub is unbelievably salty. Didn't know they hated us this much.
Time to run out the half and score a TD a la 2019
"Uh oh Gio, you just got BOARDED UP"
Damn Bengals Offense looks like a JV Team out there LMAO
Small play but I like seeing Hollywood fight for more yards
he didnt avoid contact????????????????????
He’s gonna get 1000 again isn’t he
Beautiful throw. Andrews should hold on to that
"Jackson’s receivers are letting him down today, again."
lmao jackson didn't even get close to full speed on that scramble lol
My mans be stunting on dem hoes
[deleted]
Baskin Dobbins got 27 Flavors
"Dobbins has been open 3 times now for a short throw to the left with no one around and Lamar has decided to not throw it everytime...

Twice were last drive, both on the tipped balls back to back, and of course one led to an interception because he is forcing it instead of taking the free yards.. I hope someone is noticing that and pointing it out to him."
Speed kills
Seeing a small running back in #27 run like that gives me flashbacks.
i love our rbs
Gus Edwards and converting on third down. Name a more iconic duo.
"Real talk: who's our RB2 next year if another team swoops in and nabs Gus? jK is the obvious #1, but do you keep Ingram or try to find another young guy? Is justice hill in the conversation at all?"
Hahahaha Ingram is always good for 1
extend the warranty on the bus already
THERE IT IS
Oh I don't like the way #23 is writhing there
I hope the bengal is okay
Ahh there’s that procedural penalty we were missing...
Well there it is
Ingram hit that 30 wall like a truck
Illegal formation!
There’s the once a game illegal formation penalty.
Like mother fucking clockwork.
Death taxes Illegal offensive formation
Should we just start to put Illegal Formation on t shirts and own it at this point?
Go for it
Go for it
Punch it in with Edwards!
Gus’s mouthpiece is tuffff
This Mason Rudolph guy is not very good at football
Touchdown! Nice throw
Nice route by Hollywood Brown
WOAH.
SOULJA
"90 yard drive, Goddam"
🥳
Nice route hollywood
Man I wanted to be 6th seed and play the steelers
That hollywood td catch was harder than the one he dropped
If the dolphins lose today are they out of the playoffs?
I love how that play action fooled the camera man
Ravens making Bengals fight and claw for every yard rn
No points please
D: lemme just sleep for a drive
Can we please not give up easy points....come on... you had like 3 hours of rest
"I personally think we're a killer D before being a true contender. Our offense is already competent enough but what happens when our offense stalls and our D can't stop shit?

We've seen it time and time again, and it will continue to be the case till we can stop the run, set the edge and force good QBs to throw into coverage. Otherwise it's a good secondary getting beat when tired."
You just made Wink angry...
Weak coaching. Sad
Oh boy the phins are shitting the bed
#Halftime Tony Gonzalez HOT TAKES in 3.....2......1.....
Brown only beating Steelers practice squad by 4.
Is it just me or does it sound like Spero Dedes has been doing a mediocre Alan Alda impression for most of the first half?
"I don't know why I think the Titans might face an upset...
I'm likely dreaming lol 😂"
"My only concern here is we saw nothing from the Bengals offense to adjust to at halftime, but the Bengals saw like 40 plays from our offense. We can’t come out and allow another drive like that last one."
Pick time
If his arms were longer that's 6 points lol
Averett pick the damn ball off lol. Glad he’s playing good though
is our defense being soft as to not get injured? i hope
Green had Peters too if Allen pushes that further
Averett is a good player
Germaine Pratt be real quiet tho
Averett was always pretty sticky in coverage. He just had the ball skills and awareness of a donut.
I dont want browns to play the Steelers next week man
Thats the first time i’ve ever heard the name colon-castillo
I like when that happens.
Couple more like that
He’s almost there! Fuck yessss I want it
Dobbins is good.
I’d lie down if I saw Fluker running at me too Bynes lol
Dobbins is the real fucking deal
lamar!!
Three great runs in a row
Omgggggg Lamar needs TWO rushing yards for 1000
#THIS FEELS GOOD GUYS!!!!!!
"Beautiful 


Stomp them out!!!!"
lets gooooooooooooooo
JK DOBBINS
Dobbins gets a touchdown?  DOBBINS IS FREE!
We’re gonna get Huntley
"So... this wild card game on Nick...everytime a penalty is earned, do the offenders get slimed? :-)"
Gonna miss some of the player audio when there’s fans in the stands again.
Amazing play by Chuck Clark there.
4TH AND TWELVE I'M SCARED
Did someone in the booth just step on a possum?
Was gonna day that's grounding
How many more yards for the 1k Llama?
I say at 28 points ahead we start pulling people.
Jake from state farm and larry fitz gonna get b&e charges if they aint careful
Can we all agree that CBS is crap?
INGRAM
DJ Fluker out here tryna run routes
24-3. Nope over for them.
How close is he?
Got the record
LJ 1K!
"1k, baby!"
Holy shit that speed
That’s the record baby
Any time LJ runs in Cincy I’ve got “he is Houdini!” Playing in my head haha
So if we win we get the Tenn/Indy winner.
Gus and Dobbins is such a two headed monster that no one talks about besides ravens fans
https://twitter.com/Ravens/status/1345821990838534145
"FG for Browns opponents... 10-9 now, hold on to your butts"
Bengals defense must be exhausted
All aboard 🚌 🚌
"The three headed dragon: Lamar, JK and Gus"
"Alright, fuck it. Black or White Lamar jersey?"
Soulja’s fighting for yards!
FUCK GERMAINE PRATT
MOAR
"So do the browns get in if they lose, dolphins lose, and colts win?"
Good shit. He made up for the drop
That’s our mvp!!!!
I feel bad that this is AJ greens last game
TOUCHDOWN!!
I can relax a little now
Rest Lamar!
Okay backup time.
Woooow that was a nice
lets go!!!
that was a dart
"I believe it's Huntley season, ladies and gentlemen."
Aye pratt missed the ball lmao
I wanna get that Huntley v Finley action
Damn. Really nice play
#TRUZZ
https://i.imgur.com/h1bLuVo.jpg
Time to put Huntley on?
L FREAKY
Let’s get Huntley 100 rushing yards and a TD of his own.
Can someone help me. My table just ran
"Ok, just because you CAN let a play like that doesn't mean your SHOULD"
The defense needs to keep its' head in the game!
Almost got it out damn
damn humph almost got the fumble there
Marlo with his DK impression there lmao great chase down
These Safeties are some liabilities against even a modestly competent passing game.
Pass interference my asshole
That’s bs
LMFAOOO
Redemption
Ridiculous PI call
Are we through with a win?
JUICEMAN MP!!!!
Revenge there.  F the Ref!
Bullshit call. Aj was fighting and they both were looking for the ball
PETERS!!!
😂🧃
Lmao what a fucking throw...
Ball don't lie!
Lol what an atrocious throw
MPJUICEMAN!!
THERE IT IS
HOLY FUCK
Huntley?
Holy shit. Allen is not a good QB. Like at all. Not even practice squad worthy
Wtf was that throw lmao
That made me moist
LMAOOOO GET WRECKED
Hahahahahahaha
Ball don't lie. Fuck those pi calls
MP Juiceman: you get what you fucking deserve
It feels like it had been forever since we got an interception
Peters is a dog
Oh boy the post game Marlo IG interviews on the bus are about to be fun
I hope he didn't just run out at the 1
That’s quite the arm span by Marcus lol. Jesus
L freaky —> T freaky
#HOLY FUCK DOBBINS
"Huntley making plays, too! I love it!"
Gahahahahahahaha Pratt got stiff armed to the next realm by JK
LMAOOO FUCK PRATT
Ayeeee they gave us the touch back
DDDOOBBBBINNNNSSSSSS@@@@@@!!!!!
ded.
The Dobbinator with the dagger 77 yard TD!
DOBBY!!!!
Fucking Monster!
This is actually bullying now jeez
DOBBINS IS A SUPERSTAR BABY
Dobbins is a grown ass man
LMAO LAMAR AND JK DANCING ON THE SIDELINES
JK DOBBINS IS HIS NAME!
"Bruh this is going to be a 50-burger at this rate.

Edit: Yo the all-time game record might legit be in reach if the defense keeps getting stops."
Damn have we punted at all? Lmao
He is fucking fast
I fucking love Dobbins.
Stunt on them hoes
d o b b y
I almost feel bad for Cincy
WHOLLY SHIT
oh my lord jk
#WHAT THE FUCK!!!!!
BITCH ASS NIGGA PRATT
PAY THAT MAN HIS MONEY
DOBBINs to THE FUCKING HOUSE
This game is perfect for burning 57 after talking shit
350 rushing yards lmfao
Pratt gonna have to delete his Twitter 😂
That’s future top 5 running back Dobbins to you
Pratt made the highlight reel!
#DOBBY
JK DOBBINS IS ELITEEEEE
Dobbins is gonna be a stud
"As has been previously said, JK ALL DAY"
Dobbins needs feed in the playoffs
We might end with 3000 rushing yards on the season
I'd pay to hear what everyone is saying on the field all the time
Massacre
Dobbins pissed that some dude on the Bengals ran for 55 and got the longest play of the game so he gets that 72 yarder
So who was the bungals player that was talking shit?
How the fuck do the refs miss Rudolph getting clocked in the head???
"Happy birthday LJ Fort, we got you the playoffs."
People actually thought the Bengals had a chance today
Tyus what a play
We want colts or titans?
We'll need the Bengals to punt if we want to get the single game rushing record (423). Otherwise the field just isn't big enough
"The coach is throwing the kicker a bone to give him the longest punt of the year without the touchback. Bragging rights, I guess?"
This rush offense feels better than last year right now
If we keep running the ball we have a chance to break the all time team rush record in a game. Giants rushed for 423 yards against the baltimore colts in 1950. we're 73 yards short with a quarter to play.
NO DONT PASS
Huntley > Brett Farve
Getting closer to that record
WE SETTING IT GO FOR IT
25!
Bruh moment
We're like 35 yards from the record or sum
We will get the ball back don’t worry
Go for it Harbs
go for it
"Should’ve challenged it. We would’ve lost it, but the lulz would’ve been worth it"
Fake PA QB Draw (?)
He ain't Lamar
Modified: Farve > Huntley
Wtf was that?? Lol
Need 3 more yards
I'm sorry but I'm not going to a restaurant and ordering lunch meat
40 more rushing yards and we have nfl record
let the bengals get a td so we can just grind out that all time rush record
8:30 to get 26 more yards cmon guys
Let's get this record boys
26 yards with only our backups in lol the bus and dobbins ain't coming back
#GIVE ME THE RECORD
Green is so done with that team and I’d be lying if I said it didn’t make me happy
Remember in the last quarter of the Browns game when it looked like we were going to miss the playoffs?
Tyler Boyd is dreaming of the off season
Huntley looking the wrong way for that handoff. Oof.
side note but hurst is balling out in the atlanta game
We need trace back lol
If we don't break the fucking record...
C'mon Tyrod Jr.  Be decisive.
That was ugly
I’m gonna be so pissed if Harbaugh doesn’t take this chance to break the record
Let the Bengals score so we get the ball back quicker. I need that record!
Huntley looks like a peewee RB out there running into his own guys and generally running around aimlessly
Let the bengals in so we can try  for the record
How many more rushing yards do we need?
lmao tua sucks
CHALLENGE IT THAT'S A PICK
How is that not an interception?
Let’s fucking go we have a shot
That's a pick lol
Announcers have been taking it up - but John really is a great coach.
CHALLENGE IT
INT
Poor Chuck
lol challenge flag up 38-3 to get the ball back
Lol this team beat the Steelers two weeks ago.
Fuck that was an int
That's a pick LETS GET THE RECORD
Harbs with the challenge sending a message to the Bungles head coach.
He caught that!!!!!
#CHUCK IT
Why would they rule it incomplete if they didn’t know whereas they review turnovers anyway?
That's a pick
Fuck the Refs looking at?
Clear as day.
How tf did they call that incomplete
"Time to make Clark a receiver, what a catch"
That put of bounds step looks awkward doesnt it
Nice to have a confidence boosting game before playoffs
Let's get 10 rushing yards
I have a feeling if we don't get it in the first few 2/3 carries John is just gonna kneel it out lol
Is Dez playing today/getting on the field? I've got a bet riding on whether or not he is and haven't been able to stay tuned in.
HOW MANY YARDS DO WE NEED
Would be funny if Clark gets a bonus for every INT and he gets like 25k because of that lol
Nope fellas we fell short...
Kinda wish they kept Jackson in a little longer so they could get the record
browns are shitting the bed
Throw up the X for clinching
Justice hill. Put him in we need the record.
"Try again next week, Tennessee’s defense is doo doo"
Feeling like Jamal Lewis going for the season rushing record vibes....
"Steelers TD, going for 2"
espresso depresso for the record
HAPPY FESTIVUS FLOCK!!!
The bois did it
Suggs catch?
Hey mods can you rename thread Steelers v. Browns Game Thread
Took the Browns long enough
leave hill on the fucking sideline holy fuck
"Johnny Townsend’s number: 6

Justin Tuckers number: 9"
This team needs to stop blitzing the house. Playoff teams will get it out fast and burn us every single time. Our D is so predictable.
Looks like Play action is back on the menu boys.
The next gen stats ads are so corny
That interception was not very cash money.
Remind me why Josh Bynes would pick the Bengals over us lol
Queen just puts his head down and hopes for the best
Dobbins will be a top 3 back next year. I’ll die on that hill right now.
Not the call LOL
We have a million dollar opportunity and I feel like we’re just not gonna take it
"Y’all gotta remember, Ingram had COVID. It probably hit him harder considering he’s older. Could be why he’s looked so ancient for the last month and a half"
We had two drives to do it. Couldn't do it. Sad boy hours to the left
that was a stupid fucking playcall
Daily reminder that our offense would be practically unstoppable if we had drafted DK or AJ Brown instead of Hollywood
A nigga that don’t drop passes!!
This fucker should switch to volleyball
"3 TDs in the fourth or 4 Tds late third

Oops this was meant to be a response to someone asking when we sit people"
Bro that scream tho RIP headphone users
Haha how did the shitty Steelers lose to this team
I don’t want to face the Titans.
im honestly speechless from that call
Looks like we have Ray Rice back if he didn’t beat his wife
Is Ingram active today?
TCC or Skura starting
Didn’t see Sam Koch on the inactive list. Is he able to play today?
Love the white on purple
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO!
I know its a good cause and all but could they not have JO in a counterfeit jersey lol?
Would love a 20-0 lead at half
God damn 2017
Moore instead of Duv?
Here we go! Llamatime!
LFGGGGGGGG
Hopefully Colon does well so that we have a good backup to Mekari.
Hopefully AJ Green wont come back from the dead to haunt us like he has in the past
Why do I miss Josh Bynes?
Gus hair is getting longggg
Lamar just ran 100 yards to get 14 yards lol
Dobbins hit a nice downfield block there.  Blocking is the part of his game I'm most interested in seeing.
https://i.imgur.com/DI8aFoo.jpg
"I know Dobbins and Edwards our guys now, but I like seeing Ingram get a good carry there"
Zeus Jr. got that pull block off perfectly to save Lamar. Great shit from him.
Lamar wanted to just zap em all there
He is Houdini!!!
Hoping that rest can make Ingram at least somewhat as good as he was last year
Big truzz sighting!
I really did not think Dobbins was that fast or quick coming out of OSU
DUUUUUUUUV
I hate Spero Dedes.
Literally just watched the last bengals game where Dev broke off 40 yards on a run
Need to get the ball to Duv more often
Yup that's the last time we'll see DD outside of kick returns today
Why the fuck are we doing a draw on 3rd and 10?
Going back to that qb keep well too often. It’s almost guaranteed that will be run on 3rd downs like 3 times a game.
We can run all day on the outside. Wish we would go to that more.
Its alright guys. Lamar had to beat one guy in the backfield. He usually does.
Im a big critic of roman but did y’all watch the video that Kollman put out? He explains a lot and you guys should watch it.
What kind of a defensive play call was that?!?
The bengals are always incredible at getting people WIDE open against us.
Oh boy we dodged a bullet there hope dude is ok
Hope he alright
"underneath routes, when will we fucking learn"
all around shitshow on that play for both teams
Damn they committed a penalty and the man hurt his hamstring
poor dude.
"Man, I hate that for Tee. That flag is just some salt in the wound, too."
Man fuck injuries :(
Daaaamn Chuck
Going down without being touched is never a good sign. Hopefully he just pulled something
just going down like that with no contact is real bad news. Hope he's okay
"If you can see the dudes fucking name, don't hit him, jesus christ"
Good play. Blows out hamstring. OPI. Pretty unlucky 😂
"That was obviously going to be a flag, he shouldn't have even bothered"
Special teams discipline is terrible this year. Harbs has to be beside himself.
Dumbass
I feel like there's an illegal block in the back called on about one in three kick or punt returns when the receiver actually runs.
Blocking in the back us the dumbest play.
If we lose this game it’ll be because we keep getting stupid ass penalties
Fucking Hollywood. Wtf. That was underthrown but jesus.
SOULJA wtf
Yeah I'm fucking over this guy man
That's got to be a catch come on
I hate hollywood again
Soulja......
jfc hollywood
Gus with a monster block.
 Cmon Hollywood
im tired of him
Dammnit! Lil Soulja can’t haul it in.
Hollywood come on...
How do you drop that??? Wtf
Dude
Brown you worthless fuck.
Gus strong af
Soulja....🙄
"Dude, Brown...."
Gus Bus wearing that WIDE LOAD STAY CLEAR sign on that block
Fucking trash again from soulja
Get me a mother fucking WR1 please
Jfc you have to catch a dime like that
Imagine if we had a WR that could get open and catch
First game with my new Ricard jersey
"No holes there for dobby, unlucky"
Brown showing some hands
Get you a girl that blocks for you like Gus Edwards blocks for his QB.
Oh hi Marq
@allenrobinson plz get him
Or pass it.
Boykin!!!
Beautiful pass!
Boykin is our wide receiver 1 change my mind
JACKSON DROPPING DIME$$$
Money
#THATS MAH BOYKIN
"69 yards, nice"
See Hollywood that's how you do it
Beautiful throw
Boykin baby!!!!
Boykin is slowly turning into an actual asset on the field.
Is boykin a better soulja
Big dick Boykin
Bold Prediction: Boykin will have a pro bowl year next year
"Great route, good route combination, perfect throw. Love to see it."
"oh fuck. Mike Evans is hurt again, damn that dude is unlucky"
I really want to like Hollywood but the dude straight up just cannot catch anything
">
Jackson taking a chance....

A f#@king slap in the face to his abilities"
Back to back good plays by Averett loving it
Now THAT was a bad bounce
Lol. The Bengals crying to refs is just funny to hear
Lol looks like the refs were arguing
I love watching Pratt so far today look like an absolute stooge.
Holy shit that replay lmao wtf
Girthy Gus
152 yards to 4. 😳
that was a good quarter of football boys
Why every time we play the bengals the announcers gotta make some clown comments 😂
Fuck
Fuck
should we target Kyle Pitts i the draft get back to that 3 TE set?
Dammit
"He had the RB in the flat, never looked"
"Lmao 4 total yards of offense in the first quarter 


*Bengals kick one of the pussiest FGs of all time*

Wink Martindale: “And I took that personally”"
Why do we keep starting Fluker to bench him with Phillips every game???
RUN THE BALL THERE LAMAR
Sloppy throws two times in a row
In a row?? Goddamn
Other guys open too
That was unlucky.
Awesome LB coverage
Nice grab but not even close to in bounds
I’ve already seen too many designed runs for LJ. Really hope they dial that back.
Fuck passing in the middle Lamar
"Bills just took the lead against Miami 7-3. Browns driving against Pittsburgh, 1st & Goal inside the 5"
"Browns held to a FG, 10-0"
"And we immediately lose the gain on 1st down, great"
Niceeee
Jackson keeps second guessing and I hate it.
Lamar just teleports man lmao this shit never gets old
Can we hold onto the damn ball
watching this game as a Bengals fan must be so frustrating lol
Would be nice if we could make ONE tough catch for Lamar
Run the ball!  That's it.
He is so fucking fast
Imagine playing perfect defense on 3rd down and Lamar just lifts his middle finger and scoots for a first down
Andrews is quickly becoming butterfingers. He routinely drops key passes. If he wants to be in the same league as Kittle and Kelce he HAS to catch these clutch plays.
That boy fast
Why must we drop the ball?
"If I were to sum up what I love about our run game lately:

Gus has looked more elusive than I would expect, and Dobbins has looked more powerful than I would expect."
Dobbins plays really fucking good in Ohio
Pratt feeling dangerous today 😤
As predicted with Ingram
Ground and pound man
Gonna end up with 350 yards rushing today
THE GUS BUS DOESNT HAVE BREAKS
Mark ingram :(
Aaaaand mark Ingram only gets a yard lmao
There it is!
Forgot Bynes was on the Bungles
I honestly feel like I can go take a break every time Gus is in on short yardage. Just automatic.
Fucking illegal formation
at least we got it outta the way
"Illegal formation, everyone drink"
Due one of those.
Is anyone keeping track of illegal formation/motion penalties per game for us. I feel like we might be breaking a record here.
These illegal formations are ridiculous. How is it that every game we have this penalty? I seriously don't understand
Man I can’t wait until my toddler goes down for a nap and I can have a beer and enjoy the rest of this rout.
These type of plays can't happen next week if we win today
 go for it
Go for it!
What a fucking liability.
That was a dart
Fucking Brown man
I love Lamar
"Soulja didnt drop it, (again,)"
How nice of the Bengal player to shove gus to the first down
"Gonna need some ketchup, we eatin' so much clock."
I feel like we should take some shots on 2nd and 1.
I think I might be just a little disappointed if we don't go up 17 here
Beast
SOULJA
If this gets to what score do you start pulling people? Or is that out of the question?
This is a trap game alright a thirst trap game I’m horny as shit
Who are we facing in the playoffs? Steelers or Browns?
If we get our first playoff game against the Steelers omfg idc if we lose the next round it’ll be so glorious
Damn this is not the drive we needed right now
Looks like the dolphins will miss the playoffs which means kevin stefanski will likely win coach of the year
Would like to see us overload one side of the line and blitz
"So if the dolphins lose and we win + Titans win we’d play them, correct? Conversely if the colts won and Titans lost we’d play the colts correct?"
Pussy shit
Deepshot?
Soft as baby shit lol
Bills pounding on the Dolphins...makes it more likely we draw Tennessee than Pittsburgh
"Well I slept through the first half, what happened?"
who's y'alls preferred playoff opponent
"I wanted the Steelers and didn't want the Bills, Titans/Colts are cool though. Hoping we play Sunday too."
So did Lamar get exactly half the amount of rushing yards he needed for 1k in the first half? Lol
So who do the Browns play assuming they win ? Bills? Or back to back Steelers games seesh man that’s tough for Cleveland
"Is there a scenario where the dolphins don't make playoffs? Mia loss and IND win?

Edit: damn so many responses so quickly! Where the fuk are you guys when I have to write a research paper?!"
Well if we do win and then play the titans... we’ve literally built this defense to stop Henry when healthy. So... we’ll see
"I feel kind of bad for dolphins, They are getting violated."
Whoever coaches the defense up tackling wise needs to go it's been such shit this year
Let’s get a sack come on
"If we finish this game off with a win, then our opponents in order of likelihood: Tennessee, Colts, Pittsburgh, and Buffalo. A very likely seed order would be: Chiefs, Buffalo, Steelers, Titans, Ravens, Browns and Colts. WC matchups would be Colts at Bills, Browns at Steelers, and Ravens at Titans. In that scenario I see it being more than likely the browns beat the steelers, which would prevent us from seeing the chiefs until at least the AFC championship."
do NOT let that man make catches
Second half defence in bound boys
"Lucky, Peters got beat there."
"Is yalls picture jerky, im watching on Sunday ticket and its driving me nuts."
Peters got beat thank god that guy didn’t throw further
"at first I though averett shoulda picked that, but on the replay it was good he just broke it up. He's coming on strong"
What the hell happened to AJ Green? He used to be a top 10 WR and tear us up every game and I haven’t heard of him in so long
Run out the clock boys
I was never convinced the Dolphins were that good.
Bigger wasted talent on a shitty team: AJ Green (Bengals) or Andre Johnson (Texans)?
Do we want any specific scenario to play out in the other games that could help us out? I know win and we're in but beyond that.
"We still need more corner depth, and should probably target one in the mid rounds of the upcoming draft, but the way Averett is developing is encouraging."
22 yards!
Yeah Bozeman....I see you!
Don’t stand on the tracks when the D train is coming through
i fucking love Dobbins
LJ want that guap lol
Wow that was an incredibly deceptive pull.
Good God!!!  That was two great runs in a row
oh he want that 1k
Fuck yesss
Easy
He is so damn good
What a player Dobbins is
Dobbins too easy!
Lamar is 2 yards away. Watch him not run for the rest of the game.
Big boys mauling on that drive!
JK finishes
Dobbins throwin up the O for his fans
How many more does Lamar need to get to 1000?
Imagine complaining about the refs when you have like 5 yards of offense and can’t convert on 3rd down. Keep the foot on the gas boys.
"How does JK's rookie season compare to Swift, J Taylor and CEH?"
They didn’t even make a tackle on that last drive lmao
"Lamar is, what, like 15 yards away from another 1,000-yard rushing season?"
Whose idea was it to have Nick on a playoff game anyway lmao
Not in my house
LETS GOO
Clark is really having a good game.
G R O U N D I N G
Do defenders get credited sacks for Intentional Grounding?
NOPE. OVER FOR THEM
"For some reason I thought Lamars Vegas prop total for Rushing Yards was 999.5 but it was actually lower and he's passed that.

Was thinking that'd be the worst bad beat ever if he finishes with 998 yards"
Ravens now need 97 yards (prior to that run) for 3000 rushing
Jackson 1k
"If the dolphins lose, is there anyway the titans miss the playoffs?"
Bozeman was ready to throw down
They’re declining penalty yards now in favor of fewer downs since we keep converting lol
That ref lingering butt touch tho
LJ2Ks
Not bad for a running back.
L-Freaky gonna get that 1K
Love that second effort by the bus
Are NFL teams allowed to throw in the towel because these guys have given up
Tyler incoming.
Hell ya Brown!
SOULJA!!!!
#SOULJA WITH ANOTHER ONE
Has there ever been a team with three 100 yard rushers in the same game?
“Basement brown” lmao
#hollywood
Commentator really likes calling it the queen city lol
Check the flair
Promote Hollywood to LT
HUNTLEY TIME BB
Oh I can’t wait for next week
"huntley time, bout to drop 30 more points"
Let's gooooo
"I wasn't afraid guys, I know you won't believe me. But I wasn't afraid of this game. I knew that things would work out, and look at it!?. It's marvelous!!!"
If we make a stop here I think Huntley will go in
32 is to blame for that play
Elliot whiffed so freakin hard.
Ay bruh what the fuck
Horrible play by Elliott it was handoff all the way.
It's so cool seeing Marlon getting ready for the knock out
Ajahahahaha
JUICE MAN
#LMAO!!!!
Hahahahah
MARCUSSSSS
AYYYYY LMAO
that's a bad call on Peters
JUICE MAN
 LMAOOOOO
99 more rush yards incoming
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAH
The juiceman!
Should have stayed in the end zone but that was clean
MPJUICEMAN
How would you feel if we could sign AJ green for really cheap?
Angry MP smash hope
Superstar
IT'S HUNTLEY TIME!!
Dobbins!
Oh my FUCK that boy fast
Hahahahahaha!
HE’S GOOOONE BABY
HOLY SHIT
SNOOP TIME!
"TD!!!

They're already dead."
FREE ELF
Lol we broke the bengals
🤤🤤🤤
GOD DAMN
God he’s fucking good. Go JK!
Did we just hit 3k rushing?
GET SOME NFL
No joke what's the single game rushing record. Cause we are over 350
Oh My
"My god man, theyre already dead"
Godbins
Holy shit
It’s only the 3rd quarter guys. lol.
We need to take Dobbins out the game now too.
I feel as if we may win this game.
"Zac Taylor thinking ""please fire me I don't want to play in this division anymore"""
Koch not playing?  Who cares?  We won't be punting.
Nice
Love that the stiff arm was on Pratt! Talk shit during the week and get fucking owned on gameday.
Just give Ingram the rest of the carries this game and rest everyone else
JK SLOB ON MY DOBBINNNNSSSSS
Bengals deserve to lose by more for that weak-ass 4th & 1 field goal 😴
Future league rushing leader
"Now the age old question, do you take out Lamar or let him stay hot?"
Jk all dayn
Steelers picked
Have we punted yet
LMAOO
Dobbins feels like what we were missing from our running backs. EXPLOSION.
Boys we have a whole quarter we may legit break the single game rushing record
"[Ravens: 40 rushes, 350 yards. - @AlbertBreer](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eq1V7rhXcAUjND2.jpg)"
"We've passed 3000 rushing yards, right? Haven't seen any mention of it yet."
#KING KOOPA
When does the WC schedule usually come out? After SNF or sometime tomorrow?
Ravens player should have laid down with a foot in the endzone before touching the ball.
I want it at the goal line so Dobby can go for 99yards
Dobbins destroying his former fans' hearts
This might be even more dominant than any game we had last year
now stop wasting our damn time
The only thing this challenge does for the outcome of the game is give the networks more commercials for us
I'm hype fot Huntley tbh ya'll he seems legit
Gene Staratore the GOAT
"Petty challenge by Taylor, who knows this is his last game as a coach"
"Huntley's gotta have the QB2 slot locked in for 2021. He's the most Lamar-like non-Lamar we got. Plus, we gotta keep him off someone else's roster."
Ingram running with a purpose
Seeing miami getting decimated is soooooo sweet
34!
LETS GOO
32 yards for the single-game team record.
Yikes
Huntley...cmon bro. Wrong direction.
26 yards needed for single game record
Dolphins are looking almost as bad as the Bengals.
Is anyone kinda bummed they have 3 points?
"Nice catch Tyler Boyd, Buffalo Bills legend"
Time to get that rushing record!
"Brandon Allen threw for 371 yards last wk.

How?"
Alright... time to get that precious single game rushing yardage record.
2 yard ingram
I want Huntley to rip a long on for the record
24 more yards
What’s the purpose of playing that?
Lmao was that Ferguson in coverage? Wink strikes again
Someone goes the wrong way and Bozeman 5 yards behind the line on his butt isn't a great combo
Field goal?
Doodoo
Uh oh record looking like it may be just out of reach
Instead of this comeback narrative why not mention how he has done it against multiple teams this year and the defense was the let down
Would’ve been nice to have 0 punts without Koch and a nice little stat
No record for us :/
Lol McSorely should be our #2.
Huntley finding out about NFL speed lol.
How many yards do we still need for the record?
Oof - Huntley.
Miami is getting obliterated JFC
Just hand the fucking ball off. Stop trying to keep it.
23 yards to the single game team rushing record.
Buffalo up 49-13. Damn
I kinda want to face the Titans. Let LlamaJax slay both dragons in one go.  First playoff win *and* “they’ve figured him out”
Who's #17? Isn't even a real defensive player number.
We need our D to do a reverse Rudy situation... gotta get the ball back for the O!
That’s a pick
That's an INT!
That’s a pick
Throw that flag.
Both feet in
"that a pick, our ball, put lj out there and lets break the fucking record"
Uhhh... that’s a pick lol
Wait who the hell is 17 Brooks? And why he on defense?
28 yards away
Now get that motherfucking record. I won't be happy if we don't
We win by 38 at least
MOAR RUSHING
Niceeeee lets get the record!!!
"Yeah. Oh well, we'll get it next year I guess )':"
"I get it that this is just garbage time and running the clock out, but Huntley could really show us some passes"
Just tossed the record aways. Feels shitty
Feels good to be back in the playoffs let’s just now get a win
"ugh hurry up, I want to see the browns choke to the steelers"
#Playoffs here we come!
PLAAYYOOFFFSSSS
Lamar and the crew beating them so bad I kinda feel bad ... must be demoralizing. It’s like in 2016-2018 where Steph curry would bombarded a team with 3s ... there’s just absolutely nothing you can do
Does Lamar look a step slow?
Soulja’s catch balls. Just sayin’.
15 is fucking trash
"I just want Hollywood to catch those man

He doesn't have to be a true #1, I want him to be but if he can just consistently catch those big plays I'll be happy with the pick"
"Colon-Castillo needs to hit that guy in the ribs, the DL knows he is going against a rookie."
"Lamars arm slot was not the issue. The Ravens throw a TON of balls short over the middle. Tips happen, just gotta live with it."
Lamar is leading Hollywood up the field and Hollywood says nah I'm good
Andrews has that covid brain fog today...
Did Andrews give up on that? If he turns back a tiny bit that's a td
looking like we'll be 5th seed
Not that it matters... but LJ is putting this game away to where he might only play 3rd quarter and not hit 1k rushing for the season. The team only cares about the playoffs but it would be cool to see him get it
We lost the 2014 divisional when we led by 14 twice.
"Tyus Bowser really stepped it up this year, in a contract year tho smh lol, we gotta find a way to keep him"
Why are we still giving Ingram courtesy carries LOL
Dr. Soulja & Mr. Scrub
That's one of the cleanest throws I've ever seen Lamar make. That's up there with the Andrews throw against (I think) CLE last year over the middle.
"If we play Tennessee, bring the whole team over to do a choreographed TikTok dance on the logo if we win"
so glad to be back in the playoffs let’s gooooo
Mark Ingram has been such a great teammate. I’m gonna miss him.
Let's just say Huntley went undrafted for a reason lmao
10-7 is an incredible record for the playoffs
"God, I love Mark, but he is *so* fucking bad now."
I hate fucking Roman
"We can’t beat Tennessee then we can’t win the Super Bowl, the matchup will be whatever it is IF we make the playoffs"
Our second half performance has been a concern this season. Hopefully we can stay dominant.
"Congrats Browns fans

We may not like them, but this is a long time coming"
"Good for the Browns, even if their fans suck. They are better than the dolphins or steelers too"
My ass is clenched
"Andy Dalton will watch this game on television.

take comfort in that."
That's a conservative playcall that tells me we think we can win the war of attrition.
Yikes Roman
"If the Browns and Dolphins both win, we play Pittsburgh in the Wild Card. That’s the outcome I want"
The Boykin is woykin
Hopefully we can get a big enough lead that we put in Trace McSorley later in the game. I’d love to see him get some action!
Is their whole defense really celebrating like that while still down 10-0?
"There are times for the sidearm throw, and then there’s that."
Please bench Ingram send him back to to New Orleans
Bro hollywood is scared of contact. Dude will be out of NFL in a few years
Brown is the new perriman
"Still caught it with his chest, I'm worried for his future guys"
Gutless handoff
"Meanwhile, Giants up 20-7. I'm rooting for the Eagles tonight so we have a 6-10 division winner."
Andrews has been a non factor today
Huntley time
I'm not afraid of the titans guys...we will right the ship against them.
I want the Browns to make the playoffs so they can lose in the first round. It’s gonna be great.
Their coach is so douchey
# The afc north is (fuck cincinatti) 34-14 in playoff contenders. Wow
Can’t believe the bengals defense celebrated that hard after one good play. Small team mentality
Hollywood shutting the haters up lmao
Side chick is apparently a Bengals fan. I’m devastated.
anyone know Merkari's status?
"Supposedly Skura’s bad snaps were due to a hand injury? Let’s hope because I don’t wanna see his wonky ass snaps today..

Side note one of Lamar’s most underrated skills is fielding awful snaps like it’s nothing"
WHEN THAT WHISTLE BLOWS LETS UNLEASH HELL TODAY! WHEN THAT WHISTLE BLOWS LETS UNLEASH HELL
hype levels at dangerous levels
It would be cool af if spiro dedes married a woman named mya...
who tf is spero dedes
"I NEVER bet on our games because I am normally nervous enough as it is, but I just put money on us at -13.5.   I truly think we are a top 3 team in the league right now and will make a statement going into the playoffs.   Let's win by 28!"
First time listening in from the radio on the ravens app. Let's see how this goes.
Over/Under on our first illegal formation penalty is set at 18 offensive snaps? What are you taking?
"Sam Koch out, our best QB is out, dam."
"Can you believe this is the last game of the season? Feels like yesterday we started 

Damn"
Oh they gotta play that shit huh
I hate the fucking Bengals
Thanks CBS very cool!
WHY TF IS CHRIS MOORE ON THE FIELD
"Damn, can't  get it on the TV, have to watch a stream. Fucking Steelers browns game"
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
 CBS knows that this is going to be a boring ass game without tension. They need to try something.
Love when Gus gets 4-5 yards on 1st. Just completely opens up the series of plays
Lol Llama
Magic.
loving this ground game start
Duvernay is electric
I really do love Duv!
The misdirection/speed combo is lethal
Let’s go!!!!
Fluker is a walking flag lol
Duuuuuuuuuuuv
Get it to Andrews!
Can we please throw to duvernay. He’s crazy fast but I want to see what he can do down the field.
He had Dez
WTH was that Roman?
Why was that a run
Garbage play call there roman
Fucking Roman
Just hold that ball for the 🐐
Have we had one offensive drive this season that had a holding call and we actually scored a TD? I swear every offensive hold we get basically nukes the drive at that point.
Divisional games are always weird
That neighborhood show looks tragic
"Other games - Browns just scored, 7-0"
"Lamars footwork on that overthrow was awful, his last couple weeks have been great mechanically. Something to watch for sure"
Gotta try throw for endzone there really. Nice drive though. Holding call took away the flow.
We all knew that drive was done after the holding call. 😂
It will make the season for this loser team if they win this game. I hope we crush them.
lol steelers
How was that not OPI?
that play looked bad but if lamar beats that one guy he’s big gone.
Wow that’s fucking awful
Hope Higgins is okay. That looked like it fucking hurt
That’s a hamstring.
I hope he is okay
OPI. Legit lol’d.
"Go man, single high safety.. generate zero pressure lol"
That looked awful
Hope Higgins is ok but boy that was laughable.
"I wanted tee Higgins pretty bad in the draft, even in the first round. Seeing that is rough I hope he’s alright"
"Oh man, I kind of feel bad for the Bengals there."
Holy shit that looks bad
"""IM GONNA TOWN-SEND IT!""

- Johnny Townsend before that kick, probably."
Hey!!! They didn’t let up a 3rd and long!
Right tackle went early but no harm no foul
Fucking idiot block why
"Stupid hit Chuck, don't lead with your head"
Block in the back
Dumervil is back as a punt returner??
Block in the back
Weird seeing a DB wearing 17
Special teams hasn't been too hot with the penalties lately.
Stupid penalty there by Brooks
such a bad block in the back lol
"It was like a block with intertwined legs. 

Can't take a penalty in that position. Field position too good even with no return."
Pratt a 🤡
Goddamn that was blatant block in the black
You’ll get the next one Soulja
Brown is soooo disappointing
I STG
Soulja’s gotta make catches
God dammit Brown.
Ah cmon Hollywood
Oh dear
Bro Hollywood you gotta catch that
https://i.imgur.com/4qDExAL.jpg
Lamar's fine people.
lamar going for that 1k
Lmao didn’t 57 say their winning today? He’s giving awful effort out there
USE YA SOULJAS
Llama Jackson nice run
Got to catch that. 0 excuse
fuck! that was a nice pass too
SOULJA SIGHTING
I need to see a closer view from of that pass. Did it go right through browns hands?
GREAT BLOCK GUS
Was that a drop by brown or just unlucky with the timing?
"""play brown in the slot"" lets just cut him"
Bet one of the rookies woulda caught that...put them in coach! Lol
Dobbins' cut on that turn 2 into 7
Oh my Soulja
Resign Gus.
Gus Edwards is so a clutch on third down
Those 3 backs
Lamar put that on a platter for Brown...smh
"ARob catches that, Golladay catches that,Gallup catches that"
BOYKIN!!!
Hell of a pass by Jackson!
BOYKINNNN
DAS IS MAI BOYKIN!!!!!!
DAYUM Boykin is getting hot lately.
LETS FUCKIN GO
boykin quietly producing lately hmm
Oh boy that route was sex
Boykin making plays?!?
I thought that was Dez! Lets go!
 Boykin having better hands than Brown?
ELITE
"Bench Brown, message needs to be sent"
MILES!
Let’s go!!! TD!!
BOYKIN BABY
My MVP
Boykin is our best WR and I’m not sure it’s close.
SO SEXY
Lamarrrrrr
LETS GOOOOOO SHOW EM BOYKIN
I want to see one of those deep shots to Dez next drive!
"Part of me wants Lama to get 1K rushing yards, but I definitely don't mind these deep pass plays!"
I'll take 3 more of those please
I know we have short memory but Hollywood was averaging 80-90 yards earlier in the season. I mean now he’s a little...inconsistent now to say the least
Great tackle by the teams!
"Fort snagged that guy, stopped a grown man from running, and sent him back three yards."
Great play by Averett
I want to fucking humiliate these guys. 45-0 final score.
Good job averett
I wanna see Dez throw that x up next drive
Good play by Averett
Good play by averett again
lol wink got the WR gloves on
Who has the livestream link
"I know it’s easy to say this right now, and Marquise has the potential to make a huge play every game. But Boykin has better hands. Just a fact"
I love Gus edwards man
The girthinator
Bozeman with the toss for another 4 yards lol
The commercial is so corny but I love Fitz haha
"I have spent my entire life waiting for a Ravens team to at least TRY the basic next-level stuff that guys like Rodgers and Peyton always did, like the end of quarter fakeout. It didn't work but I just appreciate seeing it, lol."
Fluker and Skura benched already?
We gotta run it there
Jesus christ
Oooof.
"Well, that was less than ideal  😒

&#x200B;

No more turnovers Lamar"
Welp. Great
Lamar had a wide open receiver there. He needs to look elsewhere than just the middle of the field.
Why was he able to finish the tackle on lamar and not roughing
Run the fucking ball man.
Shame. Someone was open.
Fuckkkk
What a defensive stand
boykin was WIDE open on those last two plays
Bernard is a pros pro. Thank you for that mediocre pass
Watch the fake here
At least the defense got them immediately right back off the field. Ah well. Time to pick up where we left off
"good coverage from defense, make the turnover useless"
Over under on the Bengals breaking 10 yards of total offense before the half...?
Both big mistakes end up not costing
LMAO
Is lj fort coming back next year?
Chris Board is playing like he's trying to take Queen's job.
Defense doing great.
Cincinnati plays our offense really well
*drink me*
Brown took a tiny bit of arm contact! Celebrate!!
Zeus jr nooooo
[deleted]
Bruh false start
I wanna see some outside zone runs. They're super stacking the box right now
How are they saying lamar missed holywood. Shit commentators
These passing concepts tho. So often uninspired
"He needs what, 52 yards for 1,000?

Edit. He's at 42 currently.

2nd edit 41."
Butterfingers everywhere
This ref has a constant look of disappointment on his face.
Waiting eagerly for someone to consistently come down with everything hitting them in the hands.
Dobbins was a better target than Andrews there
Bruh drops are killing us today
Man Mark my man. Gotta haul that in.
Dobby
I love seeing those plays from Dobbins!
"We really can just run it a bit more, esp. on 1st down"
Drops drops drops. Get this out of your system.
"That's why we keep the vertical shots, Roman. The running game feasts"
there it is
Nice patience there from Gus!
The bus running over rough terrain!
Hollywood was gone on that corner
We are over 100 yards as a team
Hubbard got played there
Hot damn Edwards
Gus is such a beast
Giving Ingram some snaps to knock off the rust.
The dolphins offense is so damn bad
Gus is such a tackle breaking son of a gun
Let's see a pass to Ingram.
There it is
Oof classic
God dammit
WRs always gets butter fingers around playoff time
Lol man. Hard seeing us get stuffed on a run
Why is ingram in?
"ILLEGAL FORMATION, EVERYONE TAKE A SHOT"
Wow what happened to that guy on the Bengals? That looked bad.
Maybe if that bear shaved his ass he would not need so much toilet paper.
Offense is a little off after the hot start
The illegal formation penalties are happening because of all the changes on the offensive line.
"Jackson keeper coming up.
Edit: guess GRo figured he’d used it too much already"
Lamar is a beast
HOLLYWOOD!
Ok we looking goooodd
SOULJA
LETS GOO HOLLYWOOD
Soulja!!
Hollywood you did something!! Woo!!!
Thank god
Hate to see it.  Miscommunication.  Should have been a touchdown.
"FINALLY, damn!"
THERE YOU GO SOULJA
UUUUUUU
yesssssirrrrrskiiii
"Holy shit

Brown didn’t drop that"
S O U L J A S
Finally Brown catches something.
The Ravens almost doubled the number of plays the Bengals have run this game on that drive. Jesus.
Uh oh no no. No.
Looking like we’ll be in Nashville for Wild Card Weekend
Tua is a rookie always going to be due for a bad game in this league
Zac Taylor is pathetic lol
Is Taylor kicking out of spite?
They know they have a sorry ass team
Coouple quick passes try for that fg lol
FG time
Steelers FG. 10-6 browns now
We got both of those rushing records in the first half. That's cool.
Gonna go make a coffee
to everyone wondering about playoff teams we could face: [https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kmjwcz/a\_table\_display\_of\_all\_32\_scenarios\_for\_week\_17/](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/kmjwcz/a_table_display_of_all_32_scenarios_for_week_17/)
Ok Tucker wiping down the mirror and turning into a chicken was definitely something else
How are we feeling
3RD QUARTER HERE WE GO
That Spero Dedes is a handsome man
Hunmps is playing like he's tired/hurting
Defense starting to look soft again
Bernard is good; I’m impressed with how bottled up we’ve kept him
Fuck that would’ve been a pick 6
Good stop.  Let's get a score and put these guys to bed.
The way scores are shaping up it’s conceivable that the bills and dolphins could play twice in a row and that the Steelers and Browns could play twice in a row.
I want Lamar to break off a 80 yard run and see how fast he can go
Forgot to snap it lol
Averett playing nice finally
How many more yards for 1K for my man Lamar?
Will Mekari be back for potential playoffs?
I don't like seeing Dobbins doing that Elliot thing.  Don't mimic that weirdo.
The first half was their defense fresh against our running game. This could get spicy 🔥🔥
What a sprint!!! Did that put him over 1k?
LAMAR NEEDS 2 MORE YARDS
EZ MONEY!!
Now that was a fuxking formation lol
This is too easy
Ez money
JK making it look like a jk
"I guarantee you someone at halftime told Lamar he needed a few more yards to hit 1,000 two years in a row, lmao"
Good job Dobbins!!! Love ya #27!
Bowser too damn fast to be that big
"Lamar gonna do 1,100 at this rate"
I fucking love week 17. Best week of the regular season by far
That's my Hokie ayyyy
Dolphins choking hard
Clark is steady
Is our front 7 talked about? lol
Good pass coverage from the safeties today
I totally forgot AJ Green was playing lol
"Lol, insult, meet injury."
Lmao and the flag
"anyone watching the PIT-CLE game? besides the score, how they both look? one with the backups, the other one with a few missing players"
Oof overthrown
Now he better not take a sack lol
GUS THE BUS
We can just run at will
Gusss
Scott hansen missed talking about the 1k.
THREE HEADED DRAGON
GUSBUS just keeps going
Gus a grown man
Gus girth keeps penetrating the bengals defense
God I love Gus Edwards
Have they even called Jermaine Pratt’s name today?
Absolutely picking this defense apart
SOULJA
Ayyyyyyy
Game over!
SOULJA
GERMAINE PRATT LLLLLL PUSSY
"Okay, NOW bench Lamar!"
SOULJA BOY
Playoffs. Welcome back.
T Huntley szn
PLAYOFFS BABY LETS FUCKIN GO
SOULJA
"If the browns lose and we win, who would we play?"
Huntley SZN
That’s my Quarterback!
Redemption for Hollywood
Didn't the Steelers lose to these very same Bengals?
Hehe Hollywood legs go brrrr
L FREAKY TO M SOULJA
Huntley about to break multiple bones on the next juke
Wait that's uncatchable
"That isn't DPI, wasn't catchable"
They're going to give them one
"Alright Elliot, that's a paddlin'."
Fuck outta here
I see you Marlo. Going for the Fruit Punch™
Amazing play by Elliot!
That's not PI of players are looking at the ball. When did the rule change?
"Yikes, pretty ugly drive"
"If Cincy is going to keep scoring, let's do the same. 😂"
M P JUICEMAN 🥤
lol that was awesome
"Where you going, Juice man?"
Bills up 35-14 now
Hahah
Lets gooooo
LETS GOOO!!!! LMAO
Ball dont lie
YESSSSSS
ball don't lie
"Damn I missed it, how did we give up a 55 yard rush to a guy I've never heard of"
that was a great grab
The exorcism gauntlet is going to run through the titans next week. Im calling it....
This game is everything you could ask for from this team. A couple mistakes here and there but a dominating performance
Lets hunt
Huntley!
Huntley time!
Tyler Huntley time!
LOL LFG DOBBINS
FUCCCCK YEAAAA
Huntley SZN
Bengals suck so much
Nice run
Ya Boi!!!
Dawwwwwwbins!!!!!
Let’s go baby!
Pratt adding to his career stats
DOBBBBINS WOOOO
SNOOP SIGHTING
START THE PAY JK DOBBINS NARRATIVE.
Get their asses
We are putting up texas high school rushing numbers
INJECT THIS INTO MY POSTSEASON VEINS
Huntley almost caught dobbins tho holy shit
THE MAN IS UNSTOPPABLE IN OHIO
Pratt got stiff armed hahahahahah
We're hitting on all cylinders at the right time.  2021 I already love you lol
Baby dobbins is crazy
"If the Ravens score 50, I’ve got a rider out for some big bucks"
Sit him. Play justice hill
DOBBINS!!!!! Top back in the making
"Love me some JK, so glad we got him"
Single game team rushing yards record or bust
Best rushing team in history for two years now..
JK is bae
A quick Google shows giants hold the record at 423 against Baltimore colts in 1959. Lets keep this going and break that record.
it results hold it’ll be either titans or colts next week
Do we even have anyone to put in at qb in the 4th?
"Aww man, put it on the 1. More opportunity for yards lol"
how close r we to breaking the record for the most rushing yards in a game?
Can't blame them for trying at this point
Good throw
Mark! Looks like he got some burst back
BIG BOI sighting
How do you guys feel we match up against the Bucs?
time to get ingram hot going into playoff szn
F
nooooooo
Oh damn
"someone said 26 someone said 3, what is it for the record?"
"Not that we don't already have amazing rbs, but it's fun to imagine nick chubb in this offense"
No real off-season for Dobbins and he has had a monster season.  Can't wait to see what happens next season.
Aj Green looking dejected instead of catching bullshit tip passes is almost tough to take. Almost.
Nice 3 and out
"Even luck tryna help us with this rush record cause that should have been a completed pass lol plenty of time boys, let's get up to 500!"
"Let's go, record time!"
Another audible that did jack shit LMAO
What’s up with only 2 punt returns?
LETS GET THIS RECORD!!!!
Does anyone know if the Titans are having any fans at games?
The record is toast.
MORE RUSHING YARDS. CROSS 400.
"Imagine Lamar gets 1k, we set the new single game rushing record and we don’t even allow a third down conversion in one game"
24!
How many yards we need for the record?
Damn I really want that record
If Lamar wasn’t a rookie we would have stomped the Chargers and maybe even won the super bowl since we had the beat defense in the league
OMGOMGOMG HES GETTING A PUNT
So proud of Dobbins this season!
wont need to make the plays down 10 to come back cause we wont be down 10 ^(i hope)
Wow Hill was held the entire way
Huntley isn’t going to get us those yards
Who punted?
Huntley goes to the exact same spot on every run so far lol
Huntley is a very skittish runner. He'll learn to just take a lane and go.
Watching this slow burn is so enjoyable. The curse of 2017 is lifted
I get that we’re tying to kill the clock but let’s beat the record!
I already knew how spoiled we were with Lamar but seeing huntley out there makes it clear as day.
Man we're not getting this rushing record are we
Bs
Bruhhh
That's a pick
GIVE US THE RECORD
"[Baltimore rushed for just 3 yards on a 3-and-out, although that did let them top the 400-yard mark. 51 carries, 401 yards right now with 6 minutes to go. Only the 4th 400-yard rushing game in NFL history (plus another AAFC game) and only the 2nd in the last 60 years. - @fbgchase](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eq1b0kzWMAAPy8O.jpg)"
"Challengeeeee

Edit: oh we did. Nice one Harbs"
Thanks!
Thank you
Wink and Harbs are just going to pour it on these Bengals
"2nd impressionof brandon allen (watched him 1x before when he was in denver)

His arm talent is ok. His lack of quick twitch processing hurts him the most. Any bad decision he makes will be amplified as it'll most likely be made late."
we probs get one first down and then kneel. Need just one big run for the record though!
boys we aint gettin it
Ugh. Just need one run to break for huge yardage.
"Steelers down by 8 but driving, just converted a 4th down."
Weak.  Give the kid a shot.
fake the punt
Huntley sleeping today
"LAMAR BACK 2 BACK 1000 YARD SEASONS, JK DOBBINS EATING WERE READY FOR PLAYOFFS"
Run on 4th? 😈
Fumble for a recovery and touchdown/record broken?!
If the browns play the Steelers next week when they’re possibly gonna lose to Rudolph this week
REJECT FORWARD PASS RETURN TO RUN
#PLAYOFFS BABEEEEE
I hate those last 2 possessions.
PLAYOFF BOUND
TD NOT BROWNS!  Uh oh!!
"19 yards away and Huntley and Ingram get like 10 yards on 12 carries


Shit, Justice Hill had 15 on one carry and we didn't give it to him anymore."
Was hoping Townsend would just say “fuck it” and run for like 30 yards lol
Hollywood is ass point blank you cant change my mind
I’m not afraid of the Titans. Just hold Henry under 80 yards & cover AJ Brown you should be good
"Hot take, I’ll be happy to see the Browns make the playoffs. It’s been a long time coming for them

If we ever meet in the playoffs though fuck them"
"*Bengals Defensive Game Plan*

1.) Try to catch Lamar

2.) Say ""Fuck!"" as he runs past you

3.) Line up for next play, repeat."
"Well, you can't have a much more obvious block in the back than that one."
"That was the worst block in the back to take I've ever seen.  Utterly idiotic when the guy is already by you.  

That's why you'll never get onto an NFL roster full-time, scrub."
Soulja drop
Can we please stop forcing passes
Dude pass the ball at a normal height. What’s up with the low passes
Gotta stop throwing side arm
I don’t understand why Ingram is playing today
I really don’t want to go to tennessee.
daily reminder that the weeknd was robbed
Bollywood back at it again
Elliott... talented but inexperienced
The ravens D has one of these implosion drives in the 3rd Q of every game lol
Take Lamar out of the game now please
Sad but Ingram just doesn't have it anymore.
4 yards to be #2 i wouldve taken that...
Fire Greg Roman for not getting the record!
Ingram is just terrible
"Unpopular opinion: I think AJ Green might be a good addition next year. I know he's not as flashy and explosive as a lot of people want from a guy like Robinson or Golladay, and I think either of those guys would be better and should be priority #1 and #2, but while Green's speed is gone, his hands and height are as good as ever. If we miss out on the first two, giving Lamar a huge target with that kind of physical 50-50 catch ability would be a nice shot in the arm"
"I just want one playoff win this year and I'll be happy. Don't see us getting past buffalo or kc, but lets get just one dub"
[removed]
"I think we’ll see a lot of Ingram today. One last chance for him to ball out in a ravens uniform, and it will give Edwards and Dobbins some rest after a tough past couple weeks"
"As someone who hasn't been able to watch much football this year, what's the situation heading into this game?"
roman in true form already
Roman is back
Miles “Soulja” Boykin
TCC is getting killed by Hunt.
"God damnit Lamar you need to see the left side of the field, how the fuck is this not coached. He always has a screen"
Keep throwing the ball let’s get our passing game going we know we can run already
"“Can they beat teams with the pass”

Jfc I thought announcers were past asking this"
Do you guys think if we had to pay Andrews top TE money if we should still take him?
Our offense is playing defense for them with penalties
"Holy shit, a sail concept on fourth down? Like an actual factual effective route combination?"
Quietly Andrews has had a very average season not including COVID
Those state farm commercials are so cringy
The dolphins are getting penetrated by the bills rn
"Oh look, another year I won’t watch the emmy’s..."
Is WAP nominated for any grammys this year?
"Okay Lamar, get that 1k rushing then let’s get him the hell out of here!"
what happened to your linemen on the sideline...99.  look like someone shot him?
[deleted]
ThE bEnGaLs WiLl GeT tHe UpSeT
Man Huntley really isnt that good at running huh lol
"Love Clark, but man you gotta do something about that hair homie."
Trace would’ve got the rushing record
I cry cuz we didn't break the record 😭
Strongest division this year.
I feel like Lamar runs when he doesn't need to and doesn't run when he needs to.
That was a gift Lamar 🤦🏼‍♂️ you got a break literally the from the same guy the play before
So we go up by 10 and immediately stop running the ball? God dammit Greg
"This team is fucking insane. I don't wanna get ahead of myself, but we're the second-best in the AFC RIGHT NOW behind Buffalo (and even then you can argue both). KC is most talented but not playing amazing."
Should we sign AJ Greene?
Huntley is so fucking bad at running
Guys is lamar sick or slow please tell me No i want sewell
"Well, he just tore his ACL."
Dude ingram fucking sucks good Lord what a cliff he's fallen off
We got this boys
Who is our punter?
"Hoping for a big game from Queen today. Get the young guy a boost of confidence and momentum leading into the playoffs, especially if we're going to be lined up against Tennessee next week."
LFG
does anyone know how i can watch it from out of state ?
Man we are missing quite a few starters. I'm hoping for a Skura redemption game.
So hyped!
Time to TCB!
who is starting at center?
Here we go
Let's bang'em and blank'em as we punch in our playoff ticket today.
Chris Moore is a captain?
"Fuck the Bengals, let’s punch our playoff ticket!"
TIme to TCB like elvis
Seriously CBS. Do you have to replay that?
We've lost like 12 tosses this year
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO
"lmao Zach Taylor has one road win. Like I get how this guy isn't on the hot seat, cause of injuries and other factors. But next year should be a prove it year for him."
I thought Gus had the Doubtful tag and would likely be either an active inactive or not used much.  I guess I either misread or he is feeling good enough to see normal usage-ish right now (I know we are only 2 plays in.)
Lol they put ab I drafted rookie over Skura. And I’m happy bout it
Sucks for mekari. Went from a starter to inactive cause of back spasms
"Lol, maybe a little more hustle 70?"
One more game !
"&#x200B;

Lamar Jackson = Scrambled Eggs 🍳"
Let's keep pounding the ball
"Cool to see Mark out there, had a good burst there"
Ingrams back!
Lead blockers like fuck it lamar's got legs
Lamar might get 1000 today
Release the Llama!
"I cant help but imagine what some good receivers would do with all the time Lamar has in the pocket. An old, tired, take, but I wouldn't be a ravens fan without it"
"On Lamar's wristband 

""Find 57"""
Good run
63 looking solid out there
LOOK AT HIM DART BACK AND FORTH
i can feel the lamar explosion
DUV
Why am I crying seeing Ingram???
Duuvvvvvv
DUV!!!
DUUUUUUUUUV
DUUUUUU!
Good play Roman
ingrams gotta be feeling fresh
Yes! Pound that rock.
Hope mark can maybe get some big plays today. Likely his last game in a ravens uni unfortunately
Big mix of guys getting it done!
"I made a bet that the Ravens will get 300+ rushing yards today

I think I’m going to win that bet"
Ricard sealing the edge there is incredible. Awesome play
What was that
"Damn, that drive fizzled."
I hope koch doesnt slip townsend spiked marshmallows for trying to take his spot in the wolfpack
Running on 3rd and 10... Roman has one more dumbass move like that and he needs to go.
Let’s hope the defense comes to play.
Didn’t like that play call on 3rd and 10. Why are we running up the middle and not passing? That was too conservative
Why would he run that out lol
Anyone know what kind of money AJ Greene is looking for?
Okay defense
Defense already sucks I see
Is Burrow hurt?
Fuck
😭
Not Tee 😩
That sucks
Woo that was close
"Damn lol, a penalty takes back that and he pulls his hamstring bad. Tough."
insult to injury there sheesh hate to see it lol
I was wondering why he kind of just slowed down and fell.
"Oh man, that doesn't look good for Higgins... Hope it's not too serious, but he sounded like he was in a lot of pain."
And that hit could've been bad as well
Sampled got popped!
Higgins has looked so good this year wtf happened there?
This thread being ahead of my stream is a blessing and a curse. I’m always anxious af and finding out how we fucked up or did well before it happens is bittersweet
Good OPI call but holy fuck not needed. Higgins toasted him off the line
Terrible block in the back right at the lead there.
What a hit by Chuck
3 and out lets go
If I took a hit like that I'd take my pads off and go home
Omfg man
Ffs hollywood come the fuck on
;-;
Those deep passes always make me nervous
Oh Hollywood…
Lmfao Pratt is just a complete dumbass “hOlDiNG”
BOLLYWOOD
ahhhhhhhhh darn.  Just could have been sooooooo pretty!
Soulja wtf
S
Ugh
How in the hell we got a CB wearing \#17 lmao
That was a heckin' pass.
Cmon Hollywood you gotta catch that
"Soulja boy, why??"
souljaaaa...
Soulja please why
...
Great impact blocking from Gus
Cement hands strikes again
Goddamn it soulja.
Once we have Julio as WR1 and Hollywood in the slot >>>>>
"I saw a whack mock draft that somehow had us drafting Devonta Scott. That’s fucking impossible, but imagine if it somehow happened"
Wonder if they told lamar to go crazy this game. Would be crazy for him to get another 1k season
Soulja 🤣
"Aj Brown, Dk, Mclaurin"
Does 3 backs
"Run the ball, run the ball, etc."
I know the play against Cleveland was huge but that might be my favourite throw of Lamar's this year. Read the play super early. Into bracket coverage and just right on him.
mr smallhands
"Ever since 15 complained about using him more,  he's been a hot mess smh."
Did Hollywood have dropping issues back in Oklahoma?
BOYKIN GREAT THROW
LETS GOOO
BEAUTIFUL THROW!
they ran the madden cheese route and he still couldnt catch it
Dropping DIMES
Boykin baby
Boykin new brown
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LFG
Oooooh yes
hell yeah
Oh babyyyyyyyyyyy
ez
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I’m really happy to see Lamar confident in throwing bombs again
Ight let’s keep doing that boys keep the foot on the gas after that Higgins play I’m starting to clam down
Why is Brown still the outside threat? He’s NOT A THREAT.
Who was that with the face paint on every inch of his face
#23 looks good out there
Lmao
"Who else really wants to see Lamar hit 1,000 rushing today?"
Yeah Baby!
Bowser is so good lol
What a near perfect start
Averett got off that block well
We need a new receiver badly
Give it to Ricard I want to see this lmao
I'm glad Edwards is looking healthy
Bozeman bear hugged him another 5 yards
Was there a movie poster this week? I didn’t see it
That was 2 ugly throws back to back
Gotta get that arm and those balls up.
Welp. Suit up defense.
Fuck
Guy was wide open. Hunt just had to be a huge cunt
Let’s go
Good ass coverage got damn ran him out of bounds
Who released themselves there
Nice play
Chris Board outplaying queen lol
Throw OVER Hunt. Ballgame.
Let's get another deep shot and flip the field
"Lmao no shit, last drive the announcer said “to beat the ravens on defense you have to play good in the redzone, get sacks, and create turnovers”"
Buccs are gonna make some serious noise in the playoffs
">Lamar Jackson's interception doesn't cost the Ravens. Baltimore defense forces a third straight three-and-out. On three series, Bengals have been held to 7 yards and no first downs on nine plays. - @jamisonhensley"
F
THAT’S MY LLAMA
Lol can the drive please not stall after that stiff arm? We have to score after that
Yo can someone catch today? Come on that's a dime between 3 dudes
"We should drop back to pass on every play, but then let Lamar run."
Dobbins has been blocking like a boss this game
"4 people on one side of the field, nice"
Hey does cincy play crossers well? No one has said anything yet.
Come on.
How many more till 1000 for Lamar?
does anyone have a highlight of hollywood's stiff arm?
Every team in our division has the drops this year it seems
"if our receivers hold on to the ball, this is a contender team"
"Damn, he almost had that. Looks like it was knocked loose."
That Edwards run reminds me of some old Le’veon Bell
Fuck sake
There's the illegal formation
hopefully then bengals get healthy during the off-season
Tired of these flags
looks like we're going to be playing Tennessee or Indianapolis
Nice strike on the rollout. Hate the rollout call though it limits the field for Lamar to run
You better catch it Brown
GUSTOOOO
soulja
Oh look he caught it
BROWN TD
soulja got it!!
That there be the game!
Brownnn
SOULJA
KING SOULJA!!!
He caught it? Holy shit.
So who can we possibly play next week?
That's where Perine ended up.
Why doesn’t Allen have a speaker in his helmet
"Dammit Bills, stop it"
How many offensive PI are they gonna let them get away with
Feeling a fake
"I asked for 20-0 at half, but I’ll take 20-3"
cowards
Were they just playing 7 nation army?
"Can't wait for the Bengals offense to come back out

Wink is gonna have something special for them"
Taylors strategy is clearly to piss Wink off so much he comes on the field and gets tossed
"Steelers another FG, 10-6"
cmon Dolphins get your shit together I wanna play Pittsburgh
[deleted]
"Do we care about the Dolphins Bills game? If so, why?"
Have the tits clinched the playoffs?
LET'S GOOOOOOO D
Where is Jackson at on rushing yards.
Someone send the who plays who playoff table someone sent in reply to a comment again please I have lost it
Fuck another first
Averett with another nice play.
Tee Higgins out for the rest of the game
The record is close
Who remembers those pitch plays from the Pittsburgh game?
let’s goo
Get llama to 1K
Fluker is so slow lol
We shouldn't throw the ball another time today
Cant tackle him
Oooo big runs lets go
"nah, let our lineman come up, those 2 alone can push for a td"
How close is lamar now
Goddamn we’re running them over
"Looked like Dez was holding there but I'll take it lmao

Edit: Dez not Gus"
"Is it just me or does is sound like this announcer keeps saying ""Jetson""?"
10 more yards
TOUCHDOWNNNNN RAVENS!
My man
Lamar is gonna get 5 more yards then kneel twice at the end of the game
Ooh yeah
"I’m watching the Steelers game- I know we’re currently beating the bengals by a lot, but how are we looking today?"
What a damn play by Clark
DID SOMEONE GET KILLED!!
Keep bringing the heat Wink.
Yeah AJ Green is definitely not staying
Man I miss Ed Reed 😢
Yikes that's a probable wrap on this game
Bengals are double checking their vacation itineraries.
I thought he might have been outside the pocket. Nice.
"[Good times](https://i.imgur.com/KGWbbuU.png). 4x the yards, 4x the 1st downs"
hmm. I want to see Duv take off quicker on these returns. He's overthinking things by trying to be so shifty. Pick a lane and take it.
DJ Hollywood Fluker
"Williams was like, Jackson, ""Where we going? I'm sticking with you."" lol"
"Fins score, 28-13 now"
"CC going hard there, love it"
Congrats to Demeatrice Jr!
soulja been hitting the gym
SOULJA
Huntley time boys
Nice play
The browns are actual fucking garbage. A 1 point lead over the Steelers preseason team? Ffs
"There you go, Soulja!"
Steelers must have been sleepwalking vs this team.
Browns looking iffy against the Rudolphs
Time to bring on the juke king Tyler Huntley
Browns just scored a TD
Marlo's fast... When he's awake
"If all games stay on the path they’re on (Ravens, Bills, Browns win), then we’re likely playing Titans again in the first round...not something I like whatsoever"
Pick!!!
LETS GOOO
Defense called it a day lol smh
LMAOOO LETS GOOO
Lol
lmao!!!!!!!!!
Lmao
Bruuuuuuuuuhh
Whooooo! :-)
🧃 🧃
"Nice to see that lol, but we need more ints next year"
Yessir peters
If he stayed in that would be 6
did he just run it out at the 1?
TOUCHDOWN!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
Touchdown Dobbins!!!!
#DOBBINSSSSSS
AND THERE IS YOUR 3000!!!!!
Omg Dobbins
Dobbins coming out party!!!!
Trace McSorley time
DOBBY BOIII
This team is on FIRE
So fucking fast!!
Get stiff armed Pratt you dummy!
Whoooosh!  He is fast!
Don’t see Huntley getting many pass attempts but I’d like to see how he runs
He wanted to break the record by more then 1
PRATT LMAOOOOOOO
Dobbins is a BEAST!!
We own the Bengals
#Dobbins!!!!!!
Holy fuck.
We’re going into the playoffs looking HOT! Couldn’t ask for more at this point. Loving it.
Lol let's fucking go
I’ve been waiting all season for that.
just special. and we all knew it
STUNT ON THESE HOES!
Fuck it what’s the regular season record for points?
STOP STOP THEY'RE ALREADY DEAD
We got hot exactly when we needed to.
FREE ELF 27
Lmao
Holy Christ we still have a whole quarter
Wow. I thought it was gunna be a close game
[deleted]
Let’s goo
What a play by bowser there
That's a great TFL
I’m ready for the playoffs man!!!
Bengals about to forfeit so they don’t end up on the wrong side of the record book
"I looked it up. CEH, swift, taylor, and cam Akers all went ahead of Dobby"
Why is Andrews in the game?
INGRAM MY BOY
58 more yards
YESSIR LETS GO HILL
"If the bengals were an NFC team, I’d buy one of their white jersey’s cause they look pretty good ngl"
Bring em to Justice!
Crush them into the dirt.
"That was terrible, lol."
McSorely still injured?
Lol who is Brooks #17?
"Everytime I see that stupid Verizon commercial:

https://www.reddit.com/r/CommercialsIHate/comments/k1lhqc/id_100_have_sex_with_the_mandalorian_verizon"
We gotta go
Another 3 and out for the defense
How much more for the record
Fuck chase claypool
So does it look like we're gonna play the Titans?
Ingram is ready for the playoffs this year.
Put Jackson in until we get the record lol
Come on
Noooooooo
Let these dudes score so we can get the ball back and get this record!
There’s still hope if we can make a stop or get a turnover
How much more for the record?
Can this announcer talk to someone without saying their name every sentence?
Anyone know where Proche was this game?
CHUCK
LETS GO
Damn
Pain :(
Fuck that defense. Can't stop them them when it really matters.
"Browns just gave the PFT the ball on downs, one score game."
lmao Jihad
What special food do I eat for the playoffs?
Now thats some Chuck yardage.
F
Browns about to browns
If they hand it off to duvernay there it’s a 1st lmao
Why not run it with a running back at least?
LET’S GO!!!!!!!!!!
That is upsetting.
"Come on, yinzers. Beat the Browns with your JV squad. 😂"
Jesus Christ we took our foot off the gas
4 & out lets break it
Why didn't ZT call a timeout for the FG wth
Playoff time!
What happens to the Browns if they lose?
Playoffffffs
What record?
F for the record
What’s happening in the browns
F
Knock out the browns!
Ooo
PLAYOFFS BABY
Who yall rootin for in the second window?
Lamar looks slow today
That was such an ugly cut from hollywood. Felt like it was in slow motion compared to the elite footwork guys
I’m still nervous for whatever reason
McSorley not seeing the field until the Llama notches 1k
defense taking their scheduled vacation again
so its ravens vs steelers if titans win
#FOOTBALL
Bruh why have I seen more Ravens fans scared of the Bengals than I’ve seen Browns fans scared of the Steelers 😂😂. I seriously think the Steelers beat them today
Is it just me or did Lamar look slow on that run?
Well that should be a wrap if Higgins is out. He is electric.
"He fucking sucks. He’s a terrible, below-replacement level player and he needs to be cut."
SOULJA BOY
This run game is a bit uninspiring at times. Hopefully we break off a few big ones soon.
That's my BOYkin!
"Did he just say ""Queen City""?

Charlotte, NC as I last heard, is the Queen City."
Bruh
"Lamar has to stop doing multiple hitches, Urban needs to coach that out of him. If it’s not there, just run. Same thing happened against Steelers where he hitched multiple times and fumbled and against the Titans in the playoffs."
We just need to put this game away before the 4th so the refs can't decide the outcome
I'm worried some team is gonna take Roman from us and hire him as HC.
"If the Bills and Dolphins both win, we play the Titans in the Wild Card"
"Kittle, Kelce, and Waller come down with that one"
10-0 against Bengals more than likely gets you in the playoffs. Ravens have a decent shot at the postseason.
Crazy how different the defense can look from one drive to the next
So do we want the Steelers or Browns to win?
"When does Miami put in Fitzmagic?

Edit: I'm a moron"
ugh if we play the titans and they knock us out again I'm gonna be so pissed.
Yo you had a pick 6 dog
When did Jackson throw a pick? I must have not been paying attention.
Anyone think it would be worth scooping AJ Green for the low??
Defense falling asleep as usual lol
Legit better than Ray Rice
Oof idk this will be close how manny yards we need
Great play by Clark but how he landed on his right leg was scary for a moment
Actually salt we didn’t get the record
Omg browns
Touchdown Steelers. Need 2 to tie
ingram is back active. 1st and 10 runs for 2 yards are back on the menu! #ingregwetruzz
I almost hate when he does something good. Makes it even harder to swallow the JV shit.
Sweet lol
I really dont want us to play the titans
[removed]
"Look, I’m taking credit for Hollywood’s resilience. SoUlJiA memes have kept him fighting thru adversity.  /s"
Hot take: Hollywood is a good receiver that people keep (unreasonably) expecting MVP performance from
"Hoping we can get Green in FA

My only issue is attitude but I think he’d bring a lot to the team"
AJ come to Baltimore
Damn were literally fisting the bengals D balls fucking deep
Too bad Lamar's not very accurate.
"good play by hubbard there, cincy bengals have a sneaky good linebacker room"
The bengals are a joke
If higgins didn’t get hurt he was gone
Soulja back at it.
Nice throw just a good play by the DB
Soulja caught something?
He had number 27!
"if the we win and the bills, steelers, and colts win, does that mean the wildcard teams are the ravens, colts, and dolphins?"
Bengals helmets are too nice
"He still isn't catching with his hands, is there an injury we aren't privy to? I don't remember this being an issue last year."
This fukkin d
"2 pt conversion NO GOOD, Browns lead 24-22"
Lfg playoff time boys
I just finished a leg workout and I’m pooped. Should I still go running or just go on a walk instead?
"Who's the dipshit who said I was dumb and that our OLB corps and Front 7 was as good as 2014 with Doom, Suggs, Ngata, Mosley, Williams, Guy a few weeks ago?

You are retarded."
Everyone knows 3rd and 10 lamar is keeping it and not throwing
"Wow our team is officially trash I guess

Good teams quadruple the spread"
[deleted]
I just finished a leg workout and I’m pooped. Should I still go running or just go on a walk instead?
"Good news guys, god is helping"
"Okay, time to bench Lamar."
"Fucking pathetic, Harbaugh."
[removed]
Defence is collapsing early this game shocker
[deleted]
Calling for a challenge in a 30-3 game with 2:30 left....... no class. Surprised they didn’t celebrate in the other end zone after the call got over turned.....
Unpopular opinion but this Ravens team is a likely one and done.  No killer instinct.
[deleted]
[removed]
""
Yannick :(
Kinda brutal we’re missing Yannick in a must-win game.
Really curious whats going on with Proche. Coach always seems talk so highly of him. I hope he has a future here.
Fergy gonna feast today.
DAWG WHY IS PROCHE GETTING SCRATCHED MAN HASN’T SCREWED UP ONCE RETURNING PUNTS
"WHERES YANNICK

STRING

STRING


WHERE THE FUCK IS YANNICK"
"Kinda sucks Mekari is out, hopefully Skura can clean up his snap game"
"Damn this explains why I always mistakenly call Brandon Ellis, Justin Ellis 🙄"
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpnmdv)"
Stupid ass
If anybody clicks no do they land in the Orioles sub?
I think that the vast majority of Bengals fans think the Ravens are going to make the playoffs.
""
Also seems like Gus is a bit banged up.
""
[deleted]
"Ravens + LOTR, yes please.

""Do you remember the taste of eye black, Mr. Justin??"""
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpnwji)"
I would’ve liked a “maybe” option
The only reason I said not a chance is because typically against lesser opponents we tend to try and kill them with our pass game instead of relying on the strength of our offense. All of Lamar’s best passing games usually come with sub 30 yards rushing. I could be wrong though and would be happy if I am lol
Looks like yes lol
Not probable. He needs to break off a long run to have a chance
"We'll be resting starters by the fourth quarter and there's no need to give him those kinds of carries to beat the lowly Bengals.  It's always possible he rips off a long one, but I voted as if I'm betting the deed to the ranch."
"[https://ravenswire.usatoday.com/lists/nfl-inactives-baltimore-ravens-vs-cincinnati-bengals-nfl-week-17/](https://ravenswire.usatoday.com/lists/nfl-inactives-baltimore-ravens-vs-cincinnati-bengals-nfl-week-17/)

Ravens Inactives:  Yannick Ngakoue, Jimmy Smith, Willie Snead, Patrick Mekari, James Proche, Justin Ellis, Broderick Washington 

Bengals Inactives:  Randy Bullock (K), Mackensie Alexander (CB), William Jackson III (CB), Logan Wilson (LB), Alex Redmond (G), Keaton Sutherland (G), Mitchell Wilcox (TE)

Mark Ingram is active for the Ravens today.  Both starting CBs for the Bengals are inactive.

Note: Sam Koch and Bengals DT Mike Daniels are not listed as inactive, as they are out on the reserve/COVID-19 list."
"*Both starting CBs for the Bengals are inactive.*

<<Insert gif of guy hiding behind the tree licking his lips>>"
I want to here you guys score predictions
31-13
"I bet they pull off the field goal BS again, 31-3"
38-14
"The other day I had a dream that we won 85-0... Lmao

But real talk, I think we'll win by 2-3 touchdowns"
"27-24


Edit: I’m happy to be looking wrong"
"38-6, hopefully resting some starters after being up 35-0 at the start of the 4th"
"Realistically they only scored 3 with joe burrow and now they have a backup and plus we’re playing really well, so I think they score less than 10 and we score 30+"
35-0
"40-0

Wink sets a sack record to really sting Taylor after that field goal bullshit"
36-20
30-7
i’m hoping 45-10 so we can rest some guys but imma say 27-10
45-13
48 - 13
""
"Upvoted

but to be that guy

We're lmao"
Records aren't accurate but this is cool!
"If we win, then browns win and the colts win, is it the colts that miss the playoffs?"
""
"He has 1 year left on his contract and if he wants to leave to go to a contender, the Texans can cut him and not have to pay his last year. So he may tell them he wants to leave, and then they'll cut him."
"He’s not leaving houston. I assume he’d retire before leaving that city, he is that city."
Too expensive right?
"For sure, he's the prototype 3-4 end and a class locker room and community guy.  Question is what he will cost.

Throw Von Miller in the mix, too."
"Nah, he’s not a team player."
Is for us to beat the Bengals and for the Steelers and Browns to tie.
And a Super Bowl
I have had a nice fully stitched black Ray Rice jersey sitting in the closet for years. Does anyone know if I can buy a Dobbins name plate to cover up Rice? Would be nice to get this one back in circulation.
IDK a person or anything but thats a great idea honestly.
Sew a blank patch over Rice. Iron on dobbins name.
"I'm in the exact same situation, hoping to give an older jersey some new life!  This is an older post from another thread, but I think it'll help. Best of luck. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/6xeyg8/changing_nameplate_on_jersey/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share"
A half decent tailor could probably make it happen
I have the CBS app and unfortunately it’s showing the Steelers/Browns game. Is there a way I can switch it so that I can see the Ravens game?
NFL bite dot com
http://bilasport.net/nfl.html
"I've been trying with no success, so if someone knows that would be great"
What is with everyone and forgetting about Justin Tucker? It’s pretty indisputable that he’s the best in the league and it’s not even close
"I think it's all to do with personality. Koo is hot rn because of his story/background. Tucker is boring because he's been good for so long, no one cares that he can sing in multiple languages (even though that's pretty cool). 

It's just recency bias, objectively Tucker is the best kicker and is probably going to be the GOAT."
"That discussion doesn't include Tucker anymore, whoever they say is the best is really 2nd best"
"They don't include tucker in the rankings due to it being so obvious he's the best  because it doesn't sound as good to say, ""X is the 2nd best kicker"""
"I suppose if better means you are less accurate in both FGs, XPs and your career long is 7 yards shorter, all while kicking indoors and in the sun belt vs the midwest, then yeah, he's better."
Didn’t he miss a tying kick last week?
"Is Tucker still considered to kick a lot, in comparison to other kickers? I’ve watched the ravens forever and obviously am a huge fan of JT and think he’s the best, but compared to years with Flacco, I feel like JT doesn’t kick as much or have as many chances to kick longer field goals."
"It’s just MJ syndrome. MJ’s prime was so insane that writers got bored heaping praise.

There’s no reason to get annoyed. Others make the claim every year, and fall back to above average:
Ghost, Boswell, Bailey, Lutz, Butker, this list goes on.

Go back to the Cleveland game a few weeks ago. Tucker needed a 51yd FG to win the game. Every single Ravens fan, and most AFCN foes, knew that the game was over the moment we got within 60 yards. (Stephanski didn’t bother trying to ice Tucker. He knew it was over.)

I’d rather have that comfort than let commenters try to trigger me by claiming Tucker is not the GOAT"
He’s scored the most points in the nfl. But his experience showed last week in the late miss. Tucker is clutch.
I like Youngwoe Koo but I bet 31/32 GMs in the league would disagree if they could choose between Tucker and Koo.
Anyone who knows anything about football heard that and immediately thought “well except for Tuck obviously...”
Red zone leans heavy into fantasy. Tucker is ranked lower than Koo in fantasy mostly because ravens score more than the falcons.
Dumb af
"I mean, he's having a phenomenal season and Tucker isn't kicking at a super high clip with Lamar because the offense is so efficient. Justin Tucker is obviously an all time great, but we can acknowledge that other kickers are having amazing seasons, too. It's okay."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Start targeting Boykin more.
I'm so happy Lamar's deep ball is looking good. We can find a mf to catch. Duv fast af too. But he on point and that matters most. Hollywood will get it together imo.
"Again, Brown tried to body catch that and of course he dropped it. Been body catching all season"
"He has been doing better recently, just gotta be patient with him I still think he can be a good reciever"
I truly belee Lamar will put a lot of work in with Soulja 1 before camp. He’s got to get his guy right this offseason.
"Duvernay needs to be more of the receiving game plan. He reminds me of Steve Smith. Hollywood is really going backwards. He is talented, but inconsistent. I am still perplexed we picked him over Metcalf in the draft a few years back. Oh well, hope he turns it on in the playoffs."
"Brown has pretty good hands... when he uses them. I don’t understand why he’s been doing  body catches all season. Between himself and the coaching staff, you would think this is something that could be corrected. 

That said, lately, he’s creating separation, and putting points in the board. So I’m not about to pile on him."
Brown is having his best game since weekend of last year.
And he scores...
Aged like milk
Bollywood Brown < Hollywood Boykin
He catching Tuddies so that's all that matters
"I knew someone was going to post this and I’m glad.

If you’re gonna call out the coaching staff, you better catch the ball when your number is called."
"Grow tf up.... What’s the point of having fans if they relentlessly taunt our players every time they make a mistake?? Other than one heated post-game tweet, Hollywood has been a consummate professional, worked unbelievably hard like every day this offseason, improved in yards and touchdowns, still has a ton of potential."
Man you sound kinda dumb now huh
"The hate is ridiculous, he's in his second year putting up solid numbers and plays for such a shitty recieving core. Buncha sensitive sallies up in here from one tweet"
He just sucks. Can only catch the ball if there are no defenders on a 10 feet radius.
""
Thanks for getting the best angle of the play
Can see shit
Wtf am I watching
Except you can because he’s running full speed and the pass was behind him
That's not the bad one. The infuriating drop was the screen pass where brown just was asleep
Can’t excuse this shit video.
"Does anyone else feel like since Dez was signed to the 53 man roster Boykin has really stepped up in a big way? 

That post was a good route, a nice fake to make the back open his hips outside and then cut back inside.

He's had, what 3TDs in the last 4 games? Something like that. Really pleased with his development lately"
"Boykin isn’t bad. He has the size, we are just really bad at developing receivers. Imo his only problem is his route running, he can’t cut well and fool the defense yet. I agree that Dez has definitely helped Boykin step up."
He’s still only being targeted 1-2 times a game and catching 1 ball a game.  I think it’s more a matter of where those targets are occurring rather than him developing further.
"The guy blocks like a beast, on that alone he is valuable to us for our run game. But he's a size specimen, though not the fastest guy. Solid hands. He'll be a nice complementary piece as a 3rd rounder but we probably shouldn't hold out hope for the next Mike Wallace, and that's OK."
"Based on social media, Dez definitely seems to have taken him under his wing so it’s very possible that Boykin’s recent emergence has something to do with it. I mean, weeks went by where I completely forgot Boykin was on the team even though he played tons of snaps. I’d still like him to show up more than once or twice a game though, even if those appearances are TD catches."
I can't believe that was just said on air lol
They don't call him a bus for now reason...
He got that girth certificate
Blowing out all the walls
Hits the hole deeeeeeep
So it’s settled his new name is girth Edwards
Can’t wrap him up
Announcer is a little sus ngl 😂
Does anyone have a clip of this?
THAT’S WHAT SHE SAID!
burst through the seam!!
This and the announcers saying “probed” was sus
Gus dummy thicc
"I heard that shit too, I was so weak 💀"
"""You can't ignore my girth"" - Gus Edwards"
[deleted]
Our Game Threads have been tainted by the success of last season. We expect utter dominance against everyone lol. Well come back down to earth. Our offense is not containable for 4 quarters
[removed]
"The Ravens are to illegal formation as I am to leaving my La Croix cans all around the house - no matter how many times my wife bitches at me, I keep fucking it up."
""
YES
If we get 1 more we’ll break it. We’re tied with the 2019 Texans and 2018 Bills with 7.
This is starting to kill me
We seem to get like 20 every game smfh
"This game? I was just going to say, I got my drinking game right with that one."
"The ravens do more shifts and motions than any other team in the NFL, it's a double edged sword it gets defenses out of position but there are going to be motion/shift/formation penalties."
""
Did he catch with his hands Instead of his body? Is that allowed? Asking for a soulja
Love Dez getting in on that.
[deleted]
Camera guy we all heard you take a big old hit of schneef there
I feel like Boykin COULD be a monster one day.
Eazy money baby!!
"Hey can I g...

#SHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"
Easiest catch miles had all year! Such a goddamn beautiful throw!
"Nice to see Boykins actually get a target. If I had a single criticism of Lamar this year, it's locking into his TE's and often completely missing Brown/Boykins wide open. Just a great pitch and catch. I'd love to see more of it."
Where can I buy that? Didn’t see it on NFL Shop.
It may be route 1. Not positive tho.
He always has the best gators/masks
"Found it

https://www.routeoneapparel.com/collections/masks-face-shields/products/purple-gold-maryland-flag-neck-gaiter-with-ear-loops"
🐊
"Things seem to be much more stable with Bozeman,   Colon-Castillo and Powers.  When Stanley is back next season, Zeus Jr. Goes back to right tackle.  Thoughts?"
"Our line will be nasty with Stanley back. We'll have a lot of depth in the interior with Tyre, Colon-Costillo, Powers, Mekari, and Boze to choose from. 

With those guys + Boyle our run blocking will be sight to behold when we bring in extra guys."
I don't think we can afford to keep Zeus after this season unless he takes a homer discount. He'd be insanely valuable in the LT trade market rn.
Took awhile but they improved drastically
""
You guys are too soft.
He’s only called him a back. Which he is. A QUARTERback
Iirc he called him a back. Which he is.
Cool. With another 1000 yds season under his belt!!
Thought I was the only one
Just confused and don’t know as much to figure out the tie break cause I look at stats and see ravens winning in all categories.
They have a better conference record. So they have a better record against AFC teams therefore they win the tie breaker.
"There’s no doubt in my mind that he’s a top 2 priority in contract extensions. Ingram was great for us, but he’s not like he used to be. Dobbins is amazing, but I think Edwards is key in our 3rd/4th and short plays. We can argue multiple defensive players that deserve an extension. Edwards will allow us to continue our bread and butter, the run game. Not to mention will open Lamar up to throw more and he’s only gotten better with age in accuracy and decision making."
He's a vital part of our offense we better extend him.
[deleted]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kpqx2i)"
Bills. That defense and Allen/Diggs is a scary sight right now
The Bills are fucking SCARY to me right now.
I read it wrong. That’s why I voted for Steelers. Bills obviously.
If jimmys back I think we match up very well with buffalo besides pitt they are who I would most want to play
[deleted]
Finally a shirt that beats out the footbirds
Now we just a need a bot to ask where can I buy this and another bot to drop the link
"WHY? WHY DO WE GET ILLEGAL FORMATION EVERY WEEK?
Is it because we are being too artistic? Too complex?
Can't we just calm down and gain yards?"
Where can I get the black shirt. Love it
I WANT ROYALTIES FOR THIS IDEA 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ngl the black shirt looks good
"11 illegal formation penalties in 16 games. Next closest team has 5 haha:

https://www.nflpenalties.com/penalty/illegal-formation?year=2020"
"Runner ups: Illegal Shift, Ineligible Man"
EVERY GAME!!! I love this
"grabs crouch ""I got your illegal formation right here!"""
Lmaooo love it
At least once a game
Press F to pay respects
lol.
LMAO this is good.
What's so hard about reporting as an eligible receiver
A must have for any Ravens fan.
"Death, taxes and illegal formation! 

(On topic... I'd buy one of these if they came out)"
Top tier drip
The purple is fire.
I am so proud of this community.
This is funny af lmao
But is this real???? Cuz I’d wear tf outta this
You're welcome for the Black shirt edit idea lol
To innovate you gotta make some mistakes?
Low key would really wear this
Anyone know where else you could get this? Someone listed a link but it’s a little pricey. I know there’s gotta be a better deal.
Its the Defensive Pass Interference calls every week that do me in
send me the link!!!
"Was watching the game yesterday with my roommate and I was talking about how we are due for an illegal formation penalty, sure as shit it happened as we were talking about it and I was the Leo meme pointing at the tv... 

need this shirt in my life"
Don’t we get illegal shift a lot as well?
where does one purchase this
""
Now it’s 47.
"This stat is the perfect response to the Wilson fan/ Jackson faders.

Seahawks fans:  ""Wilson is a significantly better passer than Jackson.""

Response:  ""Jackson has 47 red zone TDs and zero INTs, does Wilson have a red zone INT?  Sore subject?"""
Crazy stat.
is that good?
DELETE THIS SHIT RIGHT FUCKING NOW
Jinx
"Lamar Jackson in the red zone in his career: 46 TD / 0 INT 

***

posted by [@SportsCenter](https://twitter.com/SportsCenter)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eq1G18AWMAI89wO.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Lets take a moment to recognize this man and his willingness to take on a new role this season. There aren't many Backs who would be so easy to handle with a shift like this. We all see that JK and Gus are our best options, but I hope Ingram knows that Baltimore loves him all the same! I still believe he is a big part of the glue that holds the squad together. BIG TRUSS!"
"I hope he gets the fourth quarter carries, he deserves them"
Yeah hated hearing that announcer say he was “cast away”.
"I remember Ingram talking about how excited he was to help JK learn the ropes and improve himself for the NFL after we drafted him. Dude saw his replacement walk in the door and his first response was to help him do his job as well as possible. He seemed so excited to mentor him that I don't think he or Gus would be how they are now without him.

Ingram was the emotional heart of this team last year, he's the kind of teammate all of us dreamed of having as kids, and in the likely scenario that this was hist last season as a Raven, I really hope we can get him a ring as a parting gift."
"This makes me wanna cry. I absolutely love the energy he gives from the side line, post game, conferences, wether he is dressed or not ! We love you kid ur not forgotten. Your role is major in the Bank!!!!"
"The way Ingram is described is like he’s old and I just realized he’s 6 months older than me.  

Damnit."
"He's definitely a ""glue guy"" which is what Aaron Rodgers used to describe Marcedes Lewis on the Pat McAfee show, and they keep talking of the importance of ""glue guys"" in bringing the locker room together."
Don’t know how many of you guys watch the Ravens wired series they YouTube channel does but you can hear how supportive he is to JK on it in the early weeks during games
He made a couple of good runs even when Huntley got a little lost out there. All it takes is one injury and we need him big time. Love his attitude.
I think he is going to come up big in a playoff game.
"I love this man. Even if you look back at his time on the Saints, he was the biggest Kamara supporter from day 1 there too. Class act and brings something special to every team he is on. I really hope he can find his way back to the Ravens as part of the coaching staff one day."
RIP Big Truss WOO WOO
"I love him, he is a man of tremendous character and was integral to last season’s success, but there is no reason why he should be getting any carries. The burst is no longer there"
"His career speaks for itself, he is an elite among elites"
Love the video of Mark Andrews making a big catch and Ingram saying. “That’s my son!”
"He's been a great mentor to Gus and JK, but I hope to hell we don't see him in the Titans game. There's is just nothing explosive about him. If he get's any carries at all, Roman is essentially throwing the game."
"I've looked at the probabilities of every game that matters every 5 minutes and created this neat graph showing the chance for each opponent to face the Ravens in the Wildcard Round (and the unlikely case that Ravens miss the playoffs).

The winning probabilities come from ESPN and I used Excel to create the graph.

I'll try to update this post every 30 minutes.

EDIT: 9:45PM last update

What an ending! It's the Revenge Game!

https://preview.redd.it/uo8chbzrp7961.png?width=2295&format=png&auto=webp&s=ebb90cfa488ff004cf9fed19d316a03a93f2ea5c"
I want this rematch!
"We are the 5th seed, unless some insanity happens in the second half"
"Thanks, I was actually wondering who we're likely to play in the WC. Redemption arc would be exciting af."
Okay Titans let’s do this.
Unless Miami pulls off a miracle its gonna be that AFC South slot
Wait how did you make this?
""
yahoo sports app is free usually every week to watch on your phone
Nflbite watch 90% of the games there cause I'm in NY
on the ravens app they’re streaming for free i believe through yahoo
Do you have Verizon wireless? Free via the NFL app.
NFL app
""
Agreed. He's really picked up the play the second half of the season. Making the most of his game reps.
"Yeah I’ve been impressed with him lately. I considered him *the* liability on defense through the majority of the season, but he’s definitely improved."
He was playing good before he just got hurt the last game or so. He’s really came around
Green was ejected......Green was the imposter
"Curious to see where we can find records of the coun toss? It seems to me that the Ravens have started off each of the last few games by receiving the ball rather than their customary kicking it off first.
Have they changed their strategy?"
"We lost the toss today and the Bengals deferred. I feel like we almost always defer whenever we win, but maybe we’ve just lost the toss more often recently, not changed strategy"
""
What is this from?
I snorted. this is great
That breaks the record by any QB in NFL history
What happens if he kneels 3 times at the end?
"How many QBs can throw 3 touchdowns in a game, and it be irrelevant on sports talk Monday...... Generational talent."
""
I can see him doing the same next year but I'll take the under.
Not bad for a running back 😏
""
HeS HaViNg A oFf YeAr!!
"And he did it with a missed game, too."
Legit future HoF. Coming from a browns fan too lol
Also the first QB to ever rush for 1000 twice
That's my quarterback!
“....not bad..... for a running back”- Gardner minshew
[deleted]
""
Any chance Lamar makes a case for comeback player of the year? Dude had a pretty bad mid season slump we lose 3 in a row he had COVID missed a week and our season looked pretty much over. Comes back 5 weeks ago and has been putting on a show week in and week out since then.
Hollywood is so on and off it’s crazy 😂
He's playing with heart today boy
"He has the same number of drops as Mark Andrews, who this sub defends to the death.  This sub gives him more shit than he deserves.  

[NFL Drop Stats ](https://scores.nbcsports.com/fb/leaders.asp?type=Receiving&range=NFL&rank=232)"
He's gonna EAT if he's our #2 next year
""
Will always upvote a Boys reference
"A-Train is almost as fast as Lamar, too"
We're not even. They had nothing to lose.
"I wanted to drop 50 on them for that shit. I will never forget the way they celebrated that win as if they won the fucking Super Bowl.

Ah, well."
Only The Boys and DBZ memes until the end of the season
"I was there... Row 19. It was cold. Very very cold. AJ Green caught that in front of me. Additionally, When Dalton played for TCU, I was a student at Utah where he stomped our faces in several times. Dalton may not play for the Bengals anymore, but we will never be even. He left some deep wounds."
[removed]
coming right after he was super pissed over that PI that was incredible
Ball don’t lie
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kprzyn)"
Love me some Utah Utes turned Ravens!
""
It’s hilarious that the Ravens dont have a team pic of him so they just shopped a Ravens jersey on top lmao
lol
I’d like to make a compilation of haters talking trash and saying we won’t make the playoffs
Anyone remember [this genius](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/iboxx2/comment/g1xf1gz)?
"People on this sub, man......"
Gonna disagree with the other 2 comments. I would enjoy this video
Someone please get a picture of Dobbins just blowing past Pratt on that last run. That man needs to be reminded of that freezing cold tweet.
"Pratt by name, prat by nature"
""
He’s been looking like he will be a real star recently
Throbbin’ for Dobbins.
he is so fucking fast turning the corner going up field. massive props to roman for realizing that and getting him on sweeps
I always thought he was the best RB in the class was surprised he fell that much.
He just looks like he’s gonna be a star.
"I remember all the analysts and draft experts saying “The Ravens can’t keep stealing elite draft picks year after year!”

Dobbins was an absolute steal for this team"
"Bruh, it still baffles me."
He is a RB. It wasn't all that surprising
My Steeler fan buddy was not happy that the Ravens got him and not the Steelers
Make that bottom of the second round for the true effect.
"Unfortunately, he lacks ""Girth."""
Glad the Rams didn’t take him. I wonder how good has Cam Akers been? I actually have no clue
""
""
I was screaming for them to let Huntley actually play QB and not just hand the ball off.
Lol I love scoring points
"After years of them spoiling our seasons, glad we get to embarrass them regularly."
"404 rushing yards. 4th most on a game all time. Last team to do it was... The Bengals, in 2000. Lol."
"A very stupid and irrational part of me kinda hoped the Bengals would score in the third quarter so Lamar would play one more drive.

Can't help it, I just love watching the dude play."
This is the way!
""
""
Greg Roman gets too little credit.
""
From what I see they only need another 26 yards to break the single game rushing record by a team. The record is 423 and they have 398 is 9 minutes left in the game.
"Update 3: The @Ravens are now the 1st team in NFL history to rush for 3000 yards in consecutive seasons. They needed 333 yards today to get to 3K. Seemed crazy, but I should know better than to put anything past this historic rushing juggernaut. @cassie_calvert 

\#Ravensflock

***

posted by [@RavensNumbers](https://twitter.com/RavensNumbers)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
That’s Lamar
For the love of Ravens!!!! Gotta love Bmore! Gotta love these Ravens!!!!
"Let’s fucking go! Can’t wait for the playoffs I want titans, Steelers, chiefs"
"Fuck this team....


I welcome the challenge...if we want to win the lombardi we gotta pass teams like them to get there. After everything we have been through as a team, the injuries, the losses, Covid outbreak, the do or die moments. The titans scares me none...I welcome this challenge. Any team, any team. Fuck em...it's all or nothing. 

Sic semper effodiant corvi"
If you told me a year ago after that devastating loss we’re going to get a chance to redeem ourselves from that loss again next year against the same team I would think you’re crazy... but here we fucking are boys.. next week Baltimore @ Tennessee on NICKELODEON
"Goddamnit if it isn’t some fresh pasta. 

This is definitely even cringier than last years, so congrats."
Aww shit here we go again
I like confidence but please no more meme material
"We will be favored, but that offense is legit and they deserve to be feared."
As long as Roman doesn’t abandon the run we should be fine
You absolutely should be.
I'm not afraid of the Titans. I'm afraid of Henry lol
This is the way.
"Im not afraid of the titans, I am afraid of Henry."
"The Ravens are peaking at the exact right time. No team wants to play the Ravens right now. 

The revenge tour starts now. Smash Tennessee."
If we play to our level the Titans defense will not be able to handle us. If we lose it will be because we beat ourselves.
"I’m not afraid of them but they’re definitely dangerous and their offense is almost uniquely suited to attack our defense, they’ll be a tough out and I can easily see them winning"
""
 No man we were just talking about this the other day
It’s not over the Bengals could score 25 unanswered. Brandon Allen is a BEAST. 😂
Uh.
"A post from a fan that clearly doesn’t know the hurt this team has caused. 

Think it’s safe to say now it’s a win!"
SORRY GUYS I JUMPED THE GUN. CAN WE CELEBRATE NOW?
""
I love this team chemistry
"Band of brothers, these guys love each other. Trusss!!! Love the flock glad we’re in the playoffs"
""
Why would we throw 30+ times when we have the best running game in the NFL? Some people are so stupid I swear we playing football like we’re in 1965 and we’re WINNING
""
"Germaine Pratt's career

0 sacks 🔥🔥🔥

0 INT 👀👀👀

0 FF 😳😳😳

7 QB hurries 🙀🙀🙀

18 missed tackles 👁️👁️👁️

83.0 completion percentage, 8.6 Y/R, 115.3 QB rating, 3 TD when targeted 🤟🤟🤟

50 PFF grade 🤑🤑🤑🤑"
Career highlight for Pratt!
I want to see the high res game still of that stiff arm!
"Ravens have 398 rushing yards right now.

New York Giants had 423 yards versus the Baltimore Colts in 1950, which is the most in NFL history. 

The Cincinnati Bengals had 407 yards in 2000 and the Bears also had 398 yards also in 1955."
Lets fucking GO!
if Lamar and Dobbins were left in the last quarter they would have smashed the record. but give 'em some rest. let the 2nd-string QB and RB take a few yards
Did we get it yet y’all? Someone please update me 🙏
Best rushing team in NFL history
I dunno cuz Huntley is not running decisively And ingram can't shed a tackle.
"It'll be expensive, but a I think he's talented, knows the AFC North Defenses, and hasn't been overly dramatic despite dealing with a pathetic franchise."
No lol. He's washed.
Disappointed
"No more aging WR has-beens pls 

We’ve tried this. It doesn’t work."
We need a young stud. Someone to dominate snd become a true no. 1. We don’t need to add another washed up vet.
"No hate towards Green, but we already have a team full of #2 and 3’s. We don’t need another unless we get rid of some."
I don’t get the hate. He’s incredibly talented and I think he’s exactly what we need. Keep Dez too!
Nay
No
Please no
We have dez don’t need him
I’m good honestly
No
plz god
No thanks
Sounds awful
No
""
It’s classic Harbaugh to let off the gas when we almost have some kinda pointless record. I remember Joe one time threw like 5 TDs in a single half against Tampa and we coulda had the franchise scoring record and he just stopped trying. Like injury yeah I get it but gimme the record lol
""
[deleted]
""
Hollywood having a late season surge has made me happy.
"#13 playoff appearances in 25 years of existence.

#We are beyond blessed to have this franchise."
“Nope it’s over for them.”
Fuck the Browns and more importantly fuck the Steelers
27-3 then 38-3. You can't say Cincinnati isn't consistent.
I wanted that single game record ngl
"Damn, I was actually hoping the Steelers would eliminate the Browns"
">Lamar Jackson was asked about the possibility of a rematch with the Titans: ""It's not about them. It's about us. It really didn't matter who we were going to play. ... I'll be grateful with whoever we play. I'm just happy we made the playoffs."" - @sgellison

>Jackson on #Ravens making the playoffs after overcoming so much: ""It's pretty cool, but we've still got things we want to finish. It's just the beginning for us."" - @BaltimoreLuke"
"2 weeks ago: The Ravens might miss the playoffs at 11-5, wtf

Now: 5 seed, I guess that's cool"
PLAYOFF BOUND BABY
I wanted the record but over 400 yards is fucking insane
The bus will now be called “the girth”
This team will beat Tennessee don’t @ me
PLAYOFFS BABY BIG TRUSS WOO WOO
How funny will it be if the Browns beat the Steelers in the wild card after they let them in the playoffs by resting starters lmao
"Let the Cleveland dickriding begin

Fuck Cleveland, Art Modell was a great man, NFL fucked us over wayyy more than them"
"Lamar Jackson has done and won: - @ravens4dummies

• Youngest Heisman

• Youngest MVP in modern NFL

• 2nd unanimous MVP

• Most touchdowns in NFL history before turning 24

• Only QB to run for 1k yards twice

• Three straight playoff appearances

• Fastest QB to 30 wins"
B-team Steelers taking the Browns to the wire on the road. Someone please tell me how Cleveland is any better than “pretty good.”
">Ravens win 38-3, finish the regular season 11-5 and clinch their third consecutive playoff berth. It's the 9th postseason appearance in Harbaugh's 13 seasons. - @jeffzrebiec"
"Lamar obviously had his struggles this year, but in a “down year,” he had 33 total touchdowns, single digit interceptions, and over 1,000 rushing yards. In 15 games. I love my quarterback."
be sure to upvote that dudes gf it seems to be working lol
Alright now we root for the Texans
"Man, we couldn't let Tucker kick it on that last 4th and 1 to get him back up to 90% on the season. Finished 26/29.

Great game though obviously. Best point differential in the NFL, and definitely not a team anyone looks forward to facing."
>Brandon Allen finished with a QB rating of 0.0 vs. the Ravens. - @jonas_shaffer
"The offensive line. 

Hear me out. We had 404 rushing yards between like 7 runners. That's the oline playing its god damn heart out. Everyone got a chance to eat today because of those guys."
Error:404 bengals run D not found.
Fuck the dolphin fans that came onto our sub after the Raiders game
We are playing like last year. We just delayed the start so we can keep the pedal down into the playoffs.
Alex Collins just scored for Seattle and did his lil dance.. the good days!!
AFC North best division in football confirmed
Browns get in the playoffs for the first time since Saddam has been ousted from power.
The last INT for Clark was just icing on the cake. Distracted from the lack of rushing at the end.
[J.K. Dobbins finished with the most rushing yards over expected by any player in a game this season (+115). Dobbins reached 20+ MPH as a ball carrier twice today (21.23 MPH top speed) after having reached 20+ MPH only one other time this season. #BALvsCIN | #RavensFlock - @NextGenStats](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eq1jT2pW8AYetAr.jpg)
Let’s fuck them up this time boys. Been a long year to our shot at redemption
We talkin bout PLAYOFFS??
I'm glad we're playing in Tennessee. We're 2-0 there and 0-2 in Baltimore in playoff games.
Ravens at Titans revenge game
"For the Titans fan sitting next to me at M&T last January that stood up screaming when they went up 28-6, this revenge game is for you..."
"Feels good, but this will mean nothing if we don’t win next week. Lets fucking roll"
Virgin Flacco in week 17 against the bengals vs Chad Lamar in week 17 against the bengals
Was kind of hoping browns were gonna choke that for the memes
">John Harbaugh becomes the 10th NFL coach to reach nine postseason berths in his first 13 seasons as a head coach in the league. 
 The others: Pete Carroll, Bill Cowher, Tony Dungy, Bud Grant, Mike Holmgren, Chuck Knox, Mike McCarthy, Andy Reid and Marty Schottenheimer. - @jamisonhensley"
Some nephew is going use lamar only throwing 18 passes for 118 yards as justification why hes a shit qb. Ignoring the fact we ass blasted the bungles all day on the ground and didnt need to throw
">J.K. Dobbins on the Ravens' mood after clinching a playoff berth: ""It's a bunch of guys who are happy, but still hungry."" - @sgellison"
Avenge last year. See you in Tennessee
"so happy to be back in the playoffs 

we play Tennessee or Indianapolis"
Can we get some Deshaun Watson magic. Would much rather play Indy
"""Bengals Keys to Win the game: Hold Ravens to 150 or less yards"".

Ravens: ""Hold our beers."""
"Dobbins. What a god damn pick, especially in the 2nd Round. Queen has been immense too.

We got hot at the right time. Let's not underestimate our opponent, whoever they are."
Germaine pratt is punching the air rn
"Baker acting tough against the Steelers’ backups is making my day, guys."
Would feel much better about facing Colts but it is what it is
Welcome back to the tournament boys and girls!
"Nothing against the Bengals, but I’m happy they blown them out because of how many times I’ve seen the 2017 Week 17 Bengals game posted on my socials."
"wow Texans making a comeback. We’ll see, we could be playing the colts"
Houston gonna Houston..
Lol hit the upright and in. Bring on the Titans.
You lucky fucks
Hope to see my meme bros in the AFC Chsmpuonship Game. I’m drunk and misspelled championship.
I just can’t express how much love I have for this team.
Just saw Tucker's Royal Farms coffee commercial. It was good.
>Lamar Jackson in the red zone in his career: 46 TD / 0 INT - @SportsCenter
"Lamar ""I just break records"" Jackson has another one of those games. I can't wait for the playoffs."
We will be officially locked in to playing the winner of the AFC South in the wildcard.  Also we are locked into the 5th seed.  If the colts beat the jags and the titans lose to the texans we play indy. If the titans win regardless of what happens in the colts game we go to Nashville.
I'm still used to the Bengals being Joe's kryptonite. They're more like candy for Lamar it seems
Blertimore Footbirds.
">Harbaugh said there's a ""good chance"" Ravens get back both Jimmy Smith and Yannick Ngakoue for playoff opener. Also said he hasn't gotten word about any significant injuries from today. - @jeffzrebiec"
Cmon Houston!! Play like your fans deserve.
Watson is nice
Good. Bring on the Titans.
let’s go whoop some Titan ass
"In the words of the little girl from Remember the Titans: ""We're gonna win states!!!!"""
Browns recovered an onside kick. First down wins it for them.
">With 404 yards rushing, the Ravens will become the 7th team since stats were first kept in 1933 to finish with 400 rushing yards in a game. The 2000 Bengals are the only other team to do this since the 1970 merger, according to @ESPNStatsInfo - @jamisonhensley"
"Good game, we still need work on getting a pass-rush."
The Titans are hoes on them we shall stunt
Let’s fucking go! Playoffs baby!
WE ARE GOING TO THE PLAYOFFFFFS
Give us the Steelers!!!
anyone got the link to the bengals sub? I keep getting a 404 error
Lol Browns squeak out a win vs a PIT backup squad
Fuck the Browns
Cowboys just lost. Dalton picked in end zone
LET'S GO TO TENNESSEE!!
So do we want colts or titans. My say is the colts
It took Devante Adams a while to get where he is at in the NFL.. that being said imma still need Hollywood to snag in them long balls lol drops on short and intermediate routes I’m can live with
E Z Currency
"Let’s fucking go baby, redemption next week! I live in southern KY so the non stop shit talk after last years playoffs was rough time to send those boys packin!"
So who and when do we play?
"I’m so done with this division. I don’t wanna see Pitt or Clev. I guess there are worse matchups, and I like our chances a lot, but AFCN playoff games are rrrrough."
">During their five-game winning streak to close the regular season, the Ravens averaged 267.4 rushing yards per game. - @jeffzrebiec"
I hate the bengals so much less than the Steelers or Browns. Why do we have to go hardest on Cincy? I guess they’ve been the worst of the three since Lamar came to town.
"holy shit, we might be going to indy"
"Titans going deep into OT could help us if we end up facing them

Edit: forget it I guess lol"
"I know no one is talking about Boykin, but come on. The dude has been way better for us lately. I still believe. He and Hollywood could be great for years if Miles can figure it out."
joyeux festivus
LETS GO WIN SOME PLAYOFF GAMES
Wait what? I thought it was over?
I wanted the record but oh well WE PLAYOFF BOUND BABYYYYYYYY
FULL SPEED TO NASHVILLE
Browns win. Steelers/Browns next week.
Other than the Chiefs game we had a shot to win each of our losses.
Back in the dance
PLAYOFF BOUND BABY LETS WINN
Steelers lost. What do we think of this?
How did Lamar throw a pick?
Breathe
"Love this for us. To the playoffs, let's get that W."
gonna be a long week. can’t wait.
While I would never complain about a 38-3 win to get us in the playoffs it is a little scary that we didn’t get a single sack today against a team that has turnstiles for a line.
We're on to the Titans.
">The #Texans have put in a request to interview #Ravens Director of Football Research Scott Cohen for their GM job, per source. He’s worked with the coaching staff for the last two seasons, but was a high-ranking personnel man before that for the #Bucs and #Jets. - @RapSheet"
Bold prediction ravens vs Seahawks super bowl LV
"I would love to send Tennessee to Buffalo, if they win they go to KC and we can avoid chiefs until AFC Championship"
"Love Lamar, Jim Harbaugh and the Gang! 2020 was tuff 4 all of us by Football Delivered."
My only guess as to why we slacked off on rushing so much is perhaps Harbs doesn’t want the team thinking about having set the record but rather focused on next week? We completely stopped trying
Was really hoping we wouldn’t have to see Tennessee again. Just a bad matchup all the way around.
Good luck against the ur dads in the first round lmao
[deleted]
[removed]
"2020 [r/ravens](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/) Week 17: Player of the Game

The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.
* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted.

Previous Weeks

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson
* Week 2: Marlon Humphrey
* Week 3: Whole team except special teams (blame)
* Week 4: Patrick Queen
* Week 5: Defense
* Week 6: Calais Campbell
* Week 8: Lamar Jackson (blame)
* Week 9: Marcus Peters (honorable mention to [u/Blacramento](https://www.reddit.com/u/Blacramento/))
* Week 10: Matt Skura (blame)
* Week 11: Greg Roman (blame)
* Week 12: Steve ""Small Dick"" Saunders (Blame)
* Week 13: The Running Game
* Week 14: Lamar Jackson
* Week 15: Yannick Ngakoue & JK Dobbins
* Week 16: Offensive Line

This week's nominees are..."
"#JK DOBBINS

The man is simply different"
"**Sam Koch**

The streak died for this"
The Baltimore Ravens. Whole team came to play today. Coaching was phenomenal too.
***GERMAINE PRATT***
O Line. 400 yards rushing no sacks
"Baltimore Ravens

Complete team performance to clinch the playoffs"
"I’m going out on a limb on this one.      
#RUN GAME"
Greg Roman.   Two years two 3K rushing seasons.  The man deserves credit
Lamar was the best player again but what a dominant team effort.
#LAMAR. FREAKING. JACKSON.
The Offensive line. They played lights out today. 404 yards is fucking amazing.
"Pretty much should choose the second best player of the game every week.

This team is mediocre without Lamar."
"EZ Answer: Everyone that ran the ball. 

Underrated Names:

TCC for continuing to be a gem

Boykin really starting to step up

Averett proving to be fantastic CB depth"
Lamar. Easily.
Gus “Girth” Edwards
South Florida crew: Lamar Jackson & Marquise Brown
"I think it’s gotta go to Dobbins, but shoutout to Chuck Clark. He had himself a hell of a game"
**DOBBINS** finally exploded today
LJ1Kx2
"Us, for padding the stats"
Everyone. And my dog.
Jimmy Township or whatever his name is
The team. Most complete game played all year.
THE WHOLE TEAM
*J* *K* *DOBBINS*
The Record Bois: Lamar and Dobby!
Dobbins all day! Dude is a beast!
"Me. I have two cursed Lamar jerseys. After I built a shadow box for one and put the jersey in it, we haven’t lost a game. The other one has been worn three times: once during the divisional playoff game last year, once during the chiefs game this year, and once on a night where I blacked out and my girlfriend tore her meniscus. By my finally figuring out what to do with these jerseys we have made the playoffs."
Lamar/Dobbins
J.K Dobbins. Hands Down or if you want to be proper - the entire team
Anthony averett duh
"The run game. 404 yards on the ground baby!!! 

Ready to do some damage in the playoffs 😈"
**Run Game.**
TEAM EFFORT!
Dobbins!!!
Every one of these mfers
EVERYONE
"Run game! Running backs! Rushing attack! Whichever one, they had a day. Wished they got the record."
The punt squad
Can we give the game ball to the OLine? 400+ rushing yards against a professional football team is no fucking joke.
The whole team
The Baltimore Ravens
Yes
JK Dobbins
"Greg Roman, offensive line, Dobbins, DEFENSE

#Correction: BALTIMORE RAVENS"
It was a team game for sure it seems like we coulda put my granny in and she woulda got fifteen yards
Dobby
"Marquise Brown - have to give him some credit. Caught what came his way, had some clutch catches, and got 2 tiddies to top it off. Making my look like an idiot for slagging him off"
The whole team
O line yet again
Jk Dobbins ez
"Whole offense has to be it here. JK, Lamar, Gus, hell even Hollywood made up for dropping that dime. Boykin got involved, it was an amazing performance all around"
Dobbins easy
"WHOLE TEAM

525 yards of total offense, 3 points given up. Too good on both sides, complete domination"
"JK Dobbins for sure, he's a stud!"
The whole offensive line. If they can move people like that next week we will win a playoff game
"Team.

Lamar, Hollywood, Boykin, JK and Gus all balled out"
Trystan Colon-Castillo. The dude is a beast.
JK Dobbins
Dobbins
It has to be JK.
"Lamar Jackson. Without him, there is no running game to speak of. Truth."
the Baltimore Ravens team
running game/Lamar and hollywood
"The whole team, but Dobbins if I had to pick.

They couldn’t stop him, at all. Also, anyone notice how Gus has really improved as a pass-catcher this year?"
JK
Lamar “LFreaky “GOAT “God Mode””” motherfucking Jackson
"**JK** **DOBBINS**

Btw ban these stupid “wHoLe tEaM” answers please. It’s called player of the game for a reason."
"Literally everyone but Huntley. (Mostly /s, I wanted that record)"
