text
"Jim Rome said that Kyler Murray is a more explosive runner than Lamar....


People are crazy 😂"
"Kyler is a great runner. Should probably run more often. But the stratosphere that Lamar is in running the ball is different. Kyler is lightning. Lamar is a fucking nuke running the ball. Just fucks everything up. Your eyes, ankles, soul, etc"
I didnt know jim rome was still alive 😂😂
It’s Jim Rome. Dudes a clown
what the hell is wrong with people
"Well, his runs are more explosive but thats because his runs are almost exclusively scrambles. These will inherently be bigger than designed runs. 

HOWEVER, Lamar is still more explosive. But I can see why someone would say that about Murray's running."
"Now Lamar isn’t running enough, you say?"
"He just seems more explosive because he has shorter legs and therefore sorter strides. Makes him look SUPER fast! 

Lamar with his longer strides just looks like he's almost coasting as he's running (IE look at Randy Moss)"
"This season sure. Overall, no way in hell. Lamar hasn’t really gotten it going yet on the ground. But I think that’s mostly by design. Teams are terrified of him gashing them for big gains so it’s been a huge part of their game plan. But this offseason he focused on getting better at passing so he doesn’t always have to do that and so far it’s paying off."
I guess by some measures he arguably might be. I feel like he can hit zero to sixty in a straight line a little quicker maybe. But he’s nowhere near as elusive and doesn’t have the same change of direction as Lamar does.
"Maybe, but Lamar’s vision and elusiveness is the best a qb’s EVER had."
even if true it only means they are both explosive af
"Everyone just flocks to the new shiny thing. 🙄

They’re both awesome, but Murray isn’t the open field runner that Lamar is."
If you compared him to last year Lamar than you're absolutely right. Something about this year tho (granted only 2 games) where he just hasn't been running at the same level as last year.
Rome is a very excitable dude.
"Explosive runner? Lamar wins.

Explosive offense? Sorry guys, but Kyler has insane receiving weapons and a pretty good RB too."
"Seems like the lack of pre-season games/contact may be catching up to some teams with the insane amount of injuries today. Hope everyone on both teams, both sides of the ball can come out of today’s game fully healthy."
"Don’t go on r/NFL today y’all, it’s looking like an obituary page in a newspaper"
 shoot tavon young is injured you jinxed us
You jinxed us
Amen to that!  Lots of casualties around the league so far today.  No more!
RIP Tavon hype
"Let's us pray, ya'll"
"Yeahhh I'd rather lose than win but take as many injuries as the Niners have today. (That would be essentially if we lost Lamar, Dobbins, and Judon in one half.)"
Bless the knees!!!
Aged poorly
""
He is about as wide open as my relationship status... Jeebus
He played really good. Well at least until that onside kick.....
I cheered so hard!
It's only been two games but he's really breaking out this year. Good for him.
THOR
And in the immortal words of Bart Scott...
"Good. 
This Steelers game is boring AF"
""
Those kicks are clean. Might have to cop me a pair
This assures victory.
I copped those kicks when they dropped a couple months ago specifically for Sundays at the Bank. They’re cleaner w/ white laces.
Fucking love the Jords. Wish I could get me a pair
drip-drip-drip
"I bought my black LJ jersey just in time for last year's game vs the Seahawks...we've only had one loss when I wore that on game day.

I got a Color Rush one now, so I'm passing on the luck of the black jersey to you!!"
"Love those kicks, too"
Shoes 🔥
Yoooo that is siick
Where did you get those shoes my dude?
Hype!
Sick kicks
""
Dumpster fire.
Lol why am I not suprised
It's Ravens gameday and we're still talking about the Browns smh
...
Someone needs to tell advertisers it's honestly OK to have a football commercial without Baker in it.
"Texans: We need a stop to get Deshaun the ball back.

Ingram: 

#HAHA BIG TRUZZ GO WEEEEEEEE"
Someone gets ejected and no one considers showing a replay?
PlEaSe cHaNgE tHe GaMe ClOcK tO 4 sEcOnDs BeCaUsE a PlAyEr ThRaShEd aRoUnD lIkE a 5 YeAr OlD
We need some typa Marlon play rn. A pick or a forced fumble something man. D needs to wake up
I haven't seen the ravens make an interception like that since Ed Reed
AGAIN EARL WHO
Wait you can have a first possession without a TD??
Thank god we have so many doctors in this thread
Tavon Young is the Michael Campanaro of Cornerbacks
Lamar looks mad. He's gonna scorch these guys
What the fuck is this western cat commercial lmao
"matt ""almost"" judon"
"This team was going to play us hard from the start. We’re in their house and we embarrassed them in ours last year. I still feel good about our chances, but we can’t give up big plays like the Cooks catch."
I swear judon busts through the line like a madman once every ten plays and then just totally whiffs.
What the hell the refs literally giving the Texans time?
You guys are ridiculous. That was a bs penalty on Averrett. The refs gifted them that drive.
"“What happened to Will Fuller”

Marlon fuckin’ Humphrey is what happened"
"Gotta admit, last year spoiled us. Up 13 on the road against a playoff team and we’re griping. 

Still, feels like this team should be playing better."
"✔ big bois

✖ little bois"
"Line is low key horrible today. If we had Flacco, he would have been sacked four times that drive, and it wouldn't have even been his fault."
"BAL: 20.   
HOU: 7.   
Refs: 3."
Queen just jumping ontop the dog pile lol
This is a road game.  Ugly win is a good win.
It feels weird being up 17 and still not feeling totally satisfied. This team is so good
I feel like we just sleepwalked into 30 points.
Woke up at 3am for this game. Totally worth it
"Off topic but Good God:

 [**Andy Slater**@AndySlater](https://twitter.com/AndySlater)·[16m](https://twitter.com/AndySlater/status/1307815134111379456)Sad news to report. Patriots' RB James White's father was in a car crash today and did not survive. His mother was also in the car and is in critical condition.  White's father, Tyrone, was a captain with the Miami-Dade Police Department.  James was told and is inactive tonight."
I know I’m spoiled when they score over 30 and I still feel the performance was middling.
"Have a great day from down under Ravens Flock!

Enjoy the win and sleep well!

BIG FUCKING TRUSS BOYS"
I'm really happy about that TD but I this Tavon Young injury really killed the mood for me
"What a freakin INT dude, can you guys believe the Rams traded that man to us? How fucking stupid"
The LJ stands for Lamar Jackson Fort
Judon needs to step up if he wants to get paid
Kung Fu Ingram is my favorite Ingram.
no one deserves it more than ingram. an unselfish player who has been the heart of this team.
"OK, Deshon Elliot HAS arrived!!"
"anybody want to clue me in on what he did 

looking at u announcers"
"> discussion about last year's playoff game

And I was having such a great time"
Yanda you’re gonna have to start eating again my dawg
Why aren’t they replacing Averett with Jimmy Smith?
"I'm the Joker, baybeeee"
"Ravens: All right we’re done 

JK LOL"
Refs must be on DraftKings
That shot of Watson on the sideline.........
Sam Koch has the easiest job in the NFL
The Texans fucked up doing that. Their defense was playing well and now they just gave us momentum and good field position
HOW THE FUCK DO THE REFS ADD 3 SECONDS ON THE CLOCK WITH NO FLAG AND NO TIME OUT WHAT THE FUCK
ADMINISTRATIVE FAILURE? LOLOLOL
WILL SOMEONE PLEASE BLOCK FOR FUCKING LAMAR
Justin reid just caused us a missed highlight forever
We scored 33 and you can tell Lamar is gonna be hard on himself
Prayers that Tavon doesn’t have a serious injury.
Lamar bout to go off after not liking the ending to that drive
"The o line looks like shit 

-Signed Ravens fan since 96’"
I love Tucker but I hate field goals
Where the hell is JK Dobbins
Calais Campbell is built like all of my rpg characters
The Texans are a lucky bunch being forced to play the Chiefs and Ravens back-to-back
what happened to their main target? he's getting locked up by some all pros on defense
Queen just jumping on top of the pile lol
lmaoo that split second when peters was confused what to do with the INT
Run and pass blocking have been shit both games so far. Very concerning
We missing Yanda big time
Do we have any more 5th round picks to trade for a Nickle corner?
Missing Tavon already
Anyone see Queen just YEET his way on top of the pile? 😂
"I get that we all want the game in hand but overall it’s been a well played game against a playoff team

We’re not just gonna dick down every team we play"
When he started kicking the Texans logo 😂😂😂
it's hilarious how a couple of years ago I would've been stoked on scoring 33 pts but today I feel like our offense was a little off haha
33-16 blowout and the ravens could've played even better.
I'm glad kc won because I dont see mahomes losing twice
still fucking got it
Quick someone feed yanda before we get the ball back
Touchdown on this drive ends the game
OFFENSIVE LINE YOU SON OF A BITCH IM IN
YOU FRICCIN MORONS. YOU JUST GOT GRAMMED!!!
"Hey I don’t know about you guys, but I’m rooting for the ravens!"
Gif request: Mark Ingram punching then round housing the Texans logo in the back of the end zone.
are we all watching this cat commercial? i can never unsee that.
That pass to Brown was the first one I've seen Jackson actually miss all year
oh my god! that is one of the best interceptions I've ever seen
Daily reminder we turned a kicker and Kenny Young into Marcus Peters
I didn't see anything on Averett.  Weak call IMO.
"That was such a stupid penalty on Averret.  Doesn't even make sense, stills ran into him"
Ravens not up by 30 at the half? We must be gunning for that #1 pick next year
Houston isn't as bad as the week 1 game would make you believe.
"Chiefs are loosing to the chargers 

Let’s gooo"
Harbs saw Hollywood spamming the wildcat on Madden
Big Trusssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
And they said Ingram is washed 🤡🤡🤡
NO LITTLE BOY
"Alright boys let’s not get cute with it, let’s run it down their goddamn throats"
THROBBIN FOR DOBBINS
That looked very 27-ish.
"The line actually looks horribe rn, thank god for lamar tho"
"Positives: controlling the TOP 

Negatives: The O-line needs to do better: Lamar shouldn’t have to scramble this much"
"7 pass attempts, 5 rush attempts for lamar. 1 rushing attempt by the runningbacks combined."
"It's not fun ending a drive with Tucker, but it's damned good knowing he's there."
"Can we talk about the fucking SWAGGER of Don Wink? Mullet, big belly, sleeveless shirts. He’s basically a cooler version of everybody’s dad"
Dumb dumb call by Texans to go for it on 4th
Funny a TikTok ad on the day that TikTok is being pulled in the US
Still want to say Judon is just not worth the price. We need real pass rush
Bruh Hollywood looking like an alien with that big ass helmet 😂😂 that’s our guy
Tucker's gotta be in on a fake FG someday... Koch to Tucker for a TD. C'mon Harbaugh
Man Lamar had green infront of him
Take your credit dude who called the Marlon punch
It doesn’t matter which LJ it is they all score TDs
How is Marlon Humphrey just *so* good when it comes to ripping the football out of the opponent's hands? It's a form of artwork at this point!
Let’s get a MP pick or Elliott pick here
Thank you Vedvik for Marcus Peters
"This sub:

Texans score - we are trash, we blow, we need this, we need that. 

Defense Steps up - OMG, WE ARE THR BEST, I LOVE THIS DEFENSE, WE ARE THE BEST EVER SINCE THE 2000 Defense!!!! oMG OMG OMG

I've missed you all."
Weak penalty
Yoooo this is sus from the refs lol
ADMINISTRATIVE FAILURE MY ASS
"So wait, they just give you extra time if you complain?

What is this Brady era New England?"
"That shit on averett is illegal contact but that isnt a penalty ""defending"" andrews.."
"woof wide open 30 yards downfield, lucky Watson missed."
Get averett out of the fucking game
"Biden, what is your plan if young is out for significant time???"
"Don’t know if it’s the DoorDash sushi or not, but I have a funny feeling in my gut"
The roundhouse kick is epic
That's a big boy run
HAHAHAHA FUCK YOU EARL 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼
"It’s ok, Watson. We’ll all be your fans next week!"
"Mom, Can we get Ed Reed (20)? 

Mom: We have Ed Reed (20) at home. 

Ed Reed at home: Reid, 21, Houston Texans"
"Since I’m watching from Holland, I’m going to bed happy. Very, very happy! No big injuries (hope Young is okay), another W. All good here! 💪"
>I see you @ChuckC36 . Way to lead them king. Proud of my guys! - @_tonyjefferson
"excuse me i'm the most happy that we're in the lamar era but can we cool it with the joe flacco slander in this thread. 

some of us were actually fans before 2019 lol"
Lmaoooo our fan base is so spoiled.
It’s crazy how Lamar was absolutely surrounded by defenders yet looked completely calm
Wanted 7 but I'll take the 3
We are doing alright but what's with the lack of RB runs?
oline looking like hot garbage so far
">Pat Ricard has twice as many career touchdown catches as Nick Boyle. Poor, poor Nick Boyle. - @ryanmink"
The inability to get consistent pressure on the QB is really becoming a liability.
Man we need to start making some of those sacks. Great catch by Fells on fairly good coverage by Levine
Lamar had plenty of space in front of him
FRUIT PUNCH
Fruit PUNCH
That's a td baby let's go!
Pay Marlon yesterday lol what a play from our All Pro CB
That was one of the nastiest ints I've ever seen.
Marcus “Marcus Peters” Peters
Every play is a fucking highlight reel. WHAT A PICK by Peters. Rams fans are sooooo dumb for saying he wasnt good.
That was one of the best interceptions I've ever seen
O-Line is a BIG Concern and Stanley is hurt again? Shit.
Losing Yanda is already looking huge for us...
Bullshit penalty then stopping the clock and adding time? What the fuck is this officiating
That gets called PI 99% of the time
Bro wtf is Ray doing in that picture 😂😂
Avarett is straight up trash and they know it
"After two weeks, I'm not mad we didn't drop bank on Judon."
Ya'll act like nobody is ever going to get a completion against us.
"Hey, Fuck Pittsburgh.  Amirite?"
TD along with a roundhouse that would make Chuck Norris proud!
I am so fucking gay for Mark Ingram III idgaf what anyone says
You just lost to Mark Ingram at QB.😂🤣
Also what a block by Mekari
[deleted]
"Big brain move from Harbaugh.

- If you lose the challenge, you lose the timeout you probably would've used anyway to regroup before, basically, a game-deciding call.
- The time the ref will be under the hood will almost certainly be more time than a normal timeout.
- You can luck out and pick up the first!"
Did y’all see what happened? I didn’t see a replay.
I definitely feel like Lamar was grumpy today 😂
Kinda wish we'd let Lamar get a TD there somehow. 😂
Dobbins said fuck yo defence
I like the call to Hollywood but maybe they could have disguised it better. Regardless nice tackle by the Texans defender
Lamar got us 3 points there. Evaded like 4 sacks.
Ok guys time to put RGIII in
FOH with these tik tok commercials
Lamar said 😐
Lamar looked bored af on the bench
LAMAR in a commercial!!!
Fun fact: Lamar is 9/10 right now
They're just targeting Anthony levine since the tavon young injury
Deshon Elliot is a work in progress right now
"Okay, now get some defense.  I want a turnover."
"Good lord, Tucker's kick couldn't have been more on center."
That’s a touchdown
Who called for the marlo Play lol
"I'm sorry, 15 straight games with a takeaway? Is this even legal?"
Peters is an absolute fucking chad
Deshaun looked like he wanted to break that surface lol
This fucking interior O line is hot garbage
Refs gifting the Texans 3 points is pathetic
"Nice drive, refs"
What fucking garbage refs spotting the Texans up the field there and even giving them time to get a FG
I think we downplayed the loss of Yanda
The O-line is booboo tiddy fuck today
PIT/KC going to feast on our Oline if we don’t get it worked out.
Brown is straight up getting over powered at the LOS. He gets knocked back 2-3 yards instantly.
Yall acting like OBJ is not playing against JJ fucking Watt
Averett looking like Chykie Brown
LJ jumped on the pile😂
[deleted]
8 minute drive needed here
"What’s it like to root for a good team? 

-sad nyj fan"
YES. The truss is STILL enormous.
At first i thought it was lamar that took it then i was like why is he not running way faster lmao
Big Trusssssssss
THATS MY RUNNINGBACK
MI2 going fucking mauy thai on the logo is the funniest shit I have seen today lmao
Earl who?
I love this team.
I just want a Lamar bomb to the endzone and im good
CBS show some god damn replays. What the fuck?
Grumpy Lamar gonna stunt next week
Tuck is definately happy today
Shoutout to Jimmy smith for not hearing his name at all today
I don’t deserve this. What did I do in my life to deserve being this happy every Sunday?
JK has such a bright future
I like Dobbins. I just think he's neat 🙂
DOBBINS IS FUCKING LEGIT
"That Dobbins run is gonna make it look like we curbstomped the Texans with the run game today when that's not exactly the story, lol."
Its funny to see players on the other team surrounding lamar after the game. They are such big fans of him 😂
Man fuck all these injuries today. Wtf.
slay kweeeeeen slayyyyyyyy
"Tough time for his first bad throw, I think he had the TD"
The sound of the ball being kicked in an empty stadium is so satisfying
lamar has to take the space and get the easy first down. I know going for TDs is nice but on 3rd you gotta secure the first
3 man rush lamar should have scrambled that time
Marlon the most underrated defensive player In the game. No one even acknowledges it
It looks like LJ got in
Marlo and punching the ball out. Name a more iconic duo
"[Marlon's new sponsorship deal](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/819OuxQ09ZL._SX425_PIbundle-4,TopRight,0,0_AA425SH20_.jpg)"
Not the LJ who I thought would score today but I’ll take it
"Fort isn't a HOFer. And he may not be on the Ravens all that long, but fuck if he's not a great story and an awesome pickup. Love that guy."
LJ + LJ = SB LV
"Somewhere, Ed Reed is smiling"
"Yeah, Marlo and Marcus are going All-Pro again."
I love MP JUICEMAN
"Marshall yanda if you’re listening, if Jesus can come back from the dead you can come back to play in the NFL. Marshall pls"
Refs are babying Texans
Holy fuck they're really trying to get Houston back in this game.
"Move Marlo into the slot, Jimmy & Peters to the outside? 3 best corners on the field like last year. Don’t want to see Averett out there."
Late to the party but wtf was that illegal contact call? Why didn’t the refs just give them 3pts
I don’t like how Much Lamar is getting hit in the pocket so far this season. PROTECT THE FRANCHISE
"Honestly thank god for the LJ fort TD...otherwise this would be an uncomfortable 13-10 lead.

We get the ball at the start of the half. Keep up the faith, Flock."
Harbaugh: mask tastes good 😂
Thank God for Tucker... where would we be without him?
averett stinks but that was a hell of a throw by deshaun
Get averetts trash ass off the field fuck
"Trade or sign another CB, Averrett cannot play"
Bench Averett play Jimmy
"Offense needs to turn it up a bit. Defense is going to be a little gassed, long drive."
"[Jesus Christ, I had no idea Fairbairn was this good. ](https://i.imgur.com/rpMyI2y.jpg)"
I was wondering why Lamar looked so slow until I saw the 2-1 on the jersey
[deleted]
Ingram: HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
"We all feeling a little anxious with the game, acting like 30pts aint our base line😎😎😎"
Stanley isn't known as a run blocker but holy crap was that great
Where are all the 'GreG RomAn is TrYing to Be tOo cUtE' comments?
# BIG TRUSS NO LITTLE TRUSS
Why is Ingram always physically abusive to opposing teams' logos lmao
BIG RB. NO LIL RB.
Team looks inconsistent asf and we still drop 38 & 30 SCARY
"Mahomes is 13/28. 

wat"
I sprinkled the old bay on my natty right before that drive. Good luck charm? I think so.
Tavon Young’s injury is gonna be a hit to the secondary 😭
Love that Harbs trusts Lamar.
I’m a little disappointed with how little we’ve run Ingram tbh.
"SHOW THE REPLAY OF THE DQ

why is the broadcast so bad about showing replays today"
When’s the last time Tucker kicked 4+ FGs
Really puts into perspective how fucking incredible our team is that I somehow feel disappointed with today’s game 🤣
DOBBINS! only if you could broke that off for a td. 🤣🤣
DOBBY IS FREE
Pick your poison of which RB you want to fuck you up
Wannabe Lamar runs to get wannabe Tucker in position for chipshot field goal
Wonder how some of you fairweathers would've handled the Flacco regime lmao
why do i even come to this thread when we're not winning by 40.
"The ravens didn't finish with 200 yards rushing


>!JK YOU FRICKEN MORON!<"
Important to remember we are probably the best Offense in the league. Every team is going to bring their best effort each week. Lamar making good decisions today. o line needs to give him more time.
"Don't forget to switch to incognito browser, guys, we about to watch a whole team get fucked by a beautiful black man"
Useless Broncos
I still don't understand how Ricard missed that block on 2nd down
That jet sweep with hollywood went so bad lol
Fuck these indoor stadiums with concrete floors
"We’re only 13 minutes (real clock, not game clock) into the game, and my anxiety is already sky high"
This play calling is weird as fuck
What is going on right now? Is the offense not in sync this game??
"OK, all these designed Lamar runs... Why?"
It's points I'll take it
Remember last year guys it was 0-0 against the Texans late into the 2nd quarter. We then won 41-7 😬
i miss yanda
I’ll take that instead of Watson getting sacked and then starting our drive in our own half
EARL WHO?!?!?
THICC RICC
Heh. My wife just called the last 2 plays.  I married a winner.
No crowd noise being pumped in? Pretty sure I hear crowd noise...
Gonna be a close game but we got this
I swear Hollywood looks like a kid playing with adults 😂
We’re playing okay. Just a few miscues here and there. No worries
That's a fucking touchdown
Marlon Humphrey is literally “One Punch Man” hahaha
that's a fucking touchdown
Dude LJ Fort. I don’t know how he’s so good but he is.
"Thanks for cutting LJ Pittsburgh!!

Edit: Trading"
robbed the rams
"That's Mr. MPJuiceman, sir"
I LOVE RAVENS FOOTBALL
Peter's is an insane ball hawk.
The O Line is worrisome.
These fucking refs hahaha
Cobb was being a fucking bitch
"they just fucking gifted the Texans a field goal to keep them in the game, what fucking bullshit"
Trash refereeing
"On some drives we look Elite, other drives we look lost lol"
Bills beat the dolphins by 3 and now Allen is leading the MVP race? Bills fans are so special.
"RBs need to be involved in the offense second half, Texans gonna keep getting to Lamar if the playcalling revolves around Lamar dropping back on 90% of snaps. Way too predictable."
"I know we are up two scores, but it doesnt feel like.  Offense is off sync and defense is struggling to stop Watson.  Not to mention the refs helped with two bs calls at the end"
What the fuck is an illegal double team block?
"Hello, OLine?  Can you please show up?"
Peters almost stripped the ball
Fire Averett into the goddamn sun
Not having Tavon in there is a liability. Hope he’s alright!
Harbaugh looks pissed
Week 2 ppl calm down
TRADE #93 HE SUCKS SO BAD s/
Somehow held them to a FG. You want to see frustrating? Block the kick
[deleted]
ROUNDHOUSE KICK THE LOGO
ROUNDHOUSE
What a fucking play
When in doubt TRUZZZZZZZ
No little boi
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
##WILDCAT ON 4TH AND 1 TD
"We want the chiefs 

We want the chiefs"
That Brian Billick offensive genius finally coming to fruition. I knew he had it in him.
[Mark Ingram becoming Chuck Norris](https://twitter.com/RealPavetexRob/status/1307813273589481475)
Calais Campbell probably reminds offensive players of when they first saw California redwood trees. #shallnotpass
Fairbairn ain’t half bad
Horrible spot! WTF
Andrews held that block and that was a TD
"Sad news to report. Patriots' RB James White's father was in a car crash today and did not survive. His mother was also in the car and is in critical condition.

White's father, Tyrone, was a captain with the Miami-Dade Police Department.

James was told and is inactive tonight. - @AndySlater"
Fuck the Titans
I wanted Mandrews TD but I guess
bruh Dobbins is fucking unreal
Fucking Chargers choked
We have so many weapons its hard to involve them all. Miles Boykins looks really good so far
Just because we haven't scored 2 tds yet doesn't mean the sky is falling. This will be a close game.
"If we blow out the Texans it'll be because they're bad, yet if the steelers go 2-0 it's all about how they're back. Just like the Browns when beating up the bengals"
This poor guy is so injury prone 😕
tavon and injuries is an iconic duo i do not enjoy
I remember when we had Mark Ingram.  Those were the days.
Roman trying too hard
Patrick Queen is everywhere! Wow! The dude is so fast
Jihad Ward has 20-20 foresight
I love y'all but these comments have me SERIOUSLY questioning y'all's knowledge of the game.
Imagine not converting on 4th and 1 in your own territory and the opposing team scores a touchdown
I feel like Boyle has been stopped inside the 5 like 4-5 times now in his career.
Ofc the best Heisman house commercial is the one with Lamar in it
Lmfao these dudes can’t get set and a play off in time with NO CROWD NOISE. Texans are bums lol
Gotta start sacking this dude
Justin “Hands” Tucker
Hey guys FGs give us points too. Some of the people in here are wayy too spoiled
Someone here just called for a Marlon type of play.  Good job honey.
One punch man Marlo
Marlon is so good at punching the ball out
Humphrey was destined to be a Raven.
Marlon Humphrey is like the one punch man of the NFL
Man LJ has been a beast for us
That’s a fucking TD
"Baller ass play, so lucky to scoop Fort"
LJ Fort is a damn good player he was only a journeyman because the rest of the league didn’t know how to use him .
Get Marlon the Brinks truck!
Man if we had a pass rush we’d be nastyyyyy
I audibly yelled holy shit
Even Peters looked surprised that he got that as he got up lol
Petition to change Marcus Peters nick name to MP grape juice man
HAHA why is MP wearing a winter hat in Texas in September. Love that guy.
So the wide receiver can just barrel into the corner and get an illegal contact?
FUCK OFF REFS
"every time i hear number 23, i forget who the fuck it is

then remember why i dont remember every time

averett is just erased from my mind"
These refs are actually so trash
Why is Averett on the field when Jimmy Smith exists and Brandon Carr is a FA
What the fuck is that?
These refs are actually missing chromosomes
What a gift of 3 points. Man.
"That was some bullshit, bullshit calls meant to give the Texans come points smfh. I hope we come back out and destroy them 😈"
"Grade A bullshit, ref. Texans should thank them for the 3 points"
Everything about that drive was horseshit officiating
"https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR/status/1307799585994223617
lol Torrey vs. Pollard"
JK with the Ray Rice type crawl.
Offensive line is getting exploited today. Not good moving forward.
Damn our O-line blows today...
Phillips is gonna lose starting position I bet. Dude is not great.
"That kick was reminiscent of the game winner in the playoffs against Denver. Same distance and looked the same.

Also how the fuck was that not Pi on Andrews?"
O-Line looking shaky but we’ll bounce back
O line looks atrocious today
"We have arguably the best offensive tackle duo in the league, but the interior O-line is looking like a big liability. That just can't stay the case moving forward."
Too many FGs today.  Roman has to get away from drop back pass plays down field and run some quick slants draws or SOMETHING to slow the rush because our O line cant
Should be 27 - 7 SMH
Clay Matthews is at home watching our abysmal pass rush
Russ Wilson looking like Lando Calrizzian. 😂
My name's Anthony Averett and I use cable
Get Averrett off the field.
Averet giving Chykie Brown flashbacks
Shocker. Averett getting bitched as usual
"It feels like we're playing so bad, but we're still up 13 with 1 quarter left. I am becoming very conscious of how spoiled we are"
"If they get this its still a 10 point game, just need to pound the rock"
I love the home crowd boos when there’s no home crowd
A long scoring drive would do a lot for us right now boys. And the great llama still need to tack atleast 2 tds to his stat sheet.
"Bill Polian finally got his wish, Lamar lined up at WR"
BIG NUTZ HARBZ
BIG BOY NO LITTLE BOY
Tucker got a lot of fantasy points this game too
"TOOOOOOUCHDOWNNNNN RAAAAAAVENNNSSSS

AND A BEATING ON THE TEXANS LOGO

TRUSS"
This is why we will always be that team to go for 4th down
Chiefs are looking very soft and very beatable today. Love to see it
How did Fort miss that sack
"It's crazy that this is an ""off day"" for the team"
If KC loses to Herbert's first start
I think that's a good challenge. Lamar might have gotten it.
Aaaaaand unclench.
Was against the decision but I can’t be mad with the outcome
"I'm calling it, defense with a garbage time INT."
This game was just so we could get JT some reps
Dobbins is gonna be a superstar
Yo Dobbins is wild for real
JK but he ain't Joking
"Love watching Dobbins. Speed to get to the edge, tough enough to bang through the center, and good contact balance to break tackles. The future is bright"
man it’ll feel like an eternity until next monday
"So, they just forgot about Tucker? “Butker best in the league”"
I'm going to run that play on my wife tonight.
I much prefer when the Ravens reach the end zone instead of the texans. Perhaps the Ravens should do that more?
"The Ravens are playing very well for my birthday today. Just a few observations:

- I'm liking a lot of Jackson's decision-making. A couple high throws (esp the throw on the dig route that was caught by the jumping WR), but overall he's been good.

- Averett is not a starting DB. He's committed a couple dumb penalties and left his assignment open a couple times.

- I like the DL pressure on Watson. Still stunned he got away from a sack.

A solid 7/10 performance.

The illegal contact calls were pretty ticky-tacky calls. I saw a little bit of contact on the one replay that they showed on the first call, but I would've not called either."
"""how are we beating kc next week"" as if they aren't struggling against the chargers right now. 

they're obviously the team to beat and will be tough to beat, but some of you need to chill."
How is this trash o line going to stand up to KC next week?
Wtf is this play calling rn...
Wish we would run it more...
Decent drive sucks we didn’t come out with 6 but miles better than our first drive.
Patrick Queen is everywhere and I fucking love it
Wish that ATT girl was my friend and nothing else.
HOW DID HE GET UP SO FAST LMAO
Way to make up for last weeks fumble Ricky
Lamar's about to bring me back from 40 points down in fantasy
###GOT UP LIKE A MAN POSSESSED
Lol. My boy Ricard ain't letting that ball go for anything.
That cat commercial was terribly awesome.
"We need to trade for a real pass rusher tbh

An edge"
The only time we get anything remotely close to a good pass rush is when we scheme up a blitz that gets a us a free runner to the QB. We don’t have anyone that can beat their blocker.
Annoying. Hope the defense can clean up a bit like last week too. Watson's obviously better than Mayfield though
Watson is good guys we are not playing against Baker
Bless u Tucker
We fine y’all. Even when the offense looks out of sync we’re gaining yards and getting first downs.
Fruit Punch.. is back!
He totally scored there!!!
Marlo has mastered the peanut punch
fuck kiko alonso!!
We ask for turnover we receive. We ask for TD we receive I love the Llama era
LJ Fort.....most under-rated Ravens FA signing ever?
"Defense is nasty, I just wish we had more of a passrush."
"LJ Fort is the Ravens defensive MVP so far this year, who would've thought"
Quick reminder that LJ Fort WASNT EVEN ON A TEAM this time last year. DeCosta has a knack for finding talent where no one else does
Chiefs are losing. I just wanna see that team become human.
lj fort consistently proves to me why he deserves to be my new favorite linebacker.
I like that from Harrison.
MP JUICEMAN HE GOT THAT JU ICE IN HIM
Fruit punch straight to the juice man! 2020 no fly zone baby!!!
Bro this defense is nasty
Holy fuck that was beeeeeautiful
I would pay to have a live stream of Marcus Peters mic’d up
"It’s just the Browns, right?"
WHAT A CATCH!!!
jesus h christ i love this goddamn football team
That pick might have been the best catch so far this game
"Man... that INT was incredible. All hands, full extension & against the grain while going to the ground?"
Give me MP juiceman over Ramsey every day of the week and twice on Sundays
"okay justice hill in a commercial lol, random."
What an interception...  holy hell. MP Juiceman
get ronnie out.
How long would it take Marshal to put on 100 lbs?
This game is a good example of badly we miss Yanda. Not only his blocking ability but his line calls as well.
Good guy Marcus Peters lmaoo
Pussy ass call
"Our pass rush sucks, but to make it worse, they can’t tackle whatsoever. We miss 90% of our chances at sacks which are already rare."
Sorry but these are just some bad calls. Not too upset with our D this drive.
WTF just happened?
What the hell is happening
These fucking refs. Wow
How much BoB paying these reff to keep his job
That’s such bullshit
"What the fuckkkk, these refs 😂😂😂"
Still up by 10 AND we get the ball to start the 2nd half
"The ravens are going to have to dial up some quick hitters. The texans are sitting deep like they did against the chiefs. 

Lamar gotta look for his checkdown. 3 sacks at the half against this defense is keeping the game from being a blowout."
Is it part of the (defense exhausted = fresh Dobbins in) gameplan or why on earth isn't JK getting any carries?
Man I’m so happy to have Ray rice back
"How was that not dpi, mckinney never gets his head around"
Where’s our illegal contact call?
Its like we're fucking shocked they blitz everyone on 3rd downs. They've been doing it all day.
Can Greg Roman realize they're blitzing those situations and get some designed out of pocket throws?
Maybe we can finally get some pressure
"Averett did something!

Edit: Nvm"
"Averette giveth, Averette taketh."
Why the fuck do we have Avrett covering cooks? 😑
Someone has to gif Queen jumping on the pile
Queen looking extra and I like it!
"Me: How are we going to beat the Chiefs with this o-line and without Tavon

Also Me: -looks down and sees that Chargers are up on KC 17-6-"
"JJ Watt, again, is good at this football thing."
Ingram really just spin kicked that wall lmao
I can’t believe that worked LMFAOOOOO
LOL thought that was Lamar
NO LITTLE BOY
NASTY
This game has felt like just a fucking grinding slogfest. Can't believe we are up by as much as we are. That fumble return was huge
Did Ingram just karate kick the Texans logo?! Merciless.
OMG that play design was so fucking good too. Roman showing off.
"what blocking on that play, I will want to know what lamar did out there tbh"
The Force is with us.
"That TD took Watson soul, you could see it as soon as he seen the TD"
Lamar and Hollywood on the bench there is so fun to see.
Why did they kick?
time to run that clock out
Now that I feel comfortable that we will win I will give props to Justin Reid. He has been very strong for the texans in these first two games.
He definitely got it
The Gus Bus is in full service!
What did Blacklock do
Hey guys pro tip: stop going out of bounds
No idea why Gus and Ingram didn't just fall down in bounds.
Can’t wait for Ravens wired this week just to hear Ingram after the 4th down TD
Dobbins isn't human
"That was a stumble away from a touchdown

Dobbins' future is so bright man I am pumped"
I can’t tell if the Texans totally don’t give a shit anymore or that was a truly phenomenal run.
JK ain't kidding
Guys guys guys WE ARE SO LUCKY. What a team we have 😭
"Good win. Tavon Young injury sucks, but given what a bloodbath this sunday was I think we got off light."
"About Tavon Young:

>By video, worry for ACL injury. His day is done and maybe season. Too many of those today. 1 is too many. - @ProFootballDoc"
Sometimes I wish Lamar would run
I am scared for next week
We miss Yanda
"Everyone is downplaying how good Watson is. Dude is a great QB, he is gonna make some good plays against any defense"
"Go Ravens, fuck Pittsburgh!"
"Back up QB gives Steelers trouble

Steelers Fans : “Ben is back!!!”

How are people picking this team to win our division?"
"""NFL contractual obligations"".....  Let's GO RAVENS!."
Tavon exhibiting his all-glass body again
The fact he was able to walk is a good sign
Who’s Elizabeth? Patrick is the only Queen I know
This sub was moaning 90 seconds ago.  We're spoiled.
"Lamar is doing everything, the team need to WAKE UP!!!!"
Lamar almost made that work. Insane.
Something seems off
I kinda forgot what a fourth down felt like
Solid drive
"Gotta use these RB's more

Lamar can do it himself but he doesn't have to"
Still fucking got it
"Henry Cavill's like 40 and MBB is like 16, who TF did the casting for this movie? The age gap is absurd for siblings"
so that's how that feels....
Well its a good thing Watson didnt get sacked now
that's my QUUUUEEEEENNNNN
Patrick Queen ROTY no doubtttt!
Houston decided the Cleveland fake punt worked so well last week they thought they'd try their own dumb play in their own zone.
LMAOOOOOO
"Now, run the ball please."
Poor Nick. He almost gets there every time. Then somebody else scores the TD
Good to see Ricard getting involved
I was watching Ravens higlights from 2018 and Nick Boyle was one of the like 3 main players who are still on the roster
Ricard making it up for last week!
James Harrison fan duel commercial. Greatest thing I’ve seen all day
There is no fullback in the game that didn't start off in baltimore that would have made that catch
Imagine getting scored on by a defensive tackle
Damn guys this the season with the worst injury bug to the league. Half the niners are injured and Saquan Barkley had to be carried out the game with a knee injury. Damn I really like Barkley and his season might be over in week fucking 2
Any updates on Tavon?
Pass rush is fucking ass wtf
Pass rush needs an upgrade asap
Texans run a pretty similar offense to ours
That's ok.  Will get it back
Everybody calm down. Our shoutouts are fun but these dog fights make the game so much more exciting
Texans are playing a lot more physical imo
They always try to jinx Tucker smh
Let's have a stop here
Y’all. Chill out. We’re winning. It’s early. R-E-L-A-X
Humphreys right hook is legendary
Challenge?? That's a TD!
FRUIT PAWNCH!!!
It kinda looked like he scored there
my fantasy team would really love this to be a TD.  Thanks Tony!
I do not see how Fort was down
They’re going to rule that a TD
I don’t see where he went out of bounds
Lmao give LJ fort some offensive carries!
Fort looked scary af running that ball
to think the steelers didn't want Fort and his massive fucking biceps?
"Wow, Fort looked amazing. That scoop, the carry, the eye for blocking, the dive at the end. 

He must have played lots of offense in high school or something. Looked natural out there. 

Also, that was a TD."
I love overreacting at the slightest hindrance but also screaming my throat out at play like this. Being a ravens fan is so fun
See y’all? R-E-L-A-X
Little known fact.  LJ stands for Lyndon Johnson.
"don't get me wrong i'm always happy whenever we get a TD, but you just love to see a guy happy on the sideline. happy for you fort."
Fruit PUNCH!!
Take in we found out about LJ Fort at our joint practice with the eagles last year. He impressed and we stole him from their practice squad. Now he's absolutely balling
"“Justin Tucker with another kick. He’s getting tired!”

I love Kevin Harlan."
Thank GOD we finally woke up 💪🏾
My god what have we done!
GOOD SHIT PETERS LETS FUCK EM UP
God I fucking love our secondary
I almost yelled REEEEEEEEEDDDDDD!
"Holy shit 

These defense is scary"
I’m ready for RG3
LMFAO imagine taking jalen ramsey over marcus peters
This is the greatest day I’ve had since last Sunday
Fruit Punch and Juiceman
We are going to be getting some bandwagon fans this year aren't we? I haven't seen a Ravens team this good in fucking years.
Damn OBJ is getting manhandled
We need to get Yanda beefy again and get him suited up.
"WTF is happening with this line?  At least Stanley is walking it off but fuck man, Yanda’s absence is hurting us."
Please be okay Stanley 🙏🏻
"What is our o-line doing? 2nd last year, today we look like 2nd to last... Come on now"
What a bullshit call on Averett
Someone fire up the “bull shit” chant
How the fuck do they miss that hold on Judon jesus christ
Averet is horrible man
That was a bs call. Averett getting targeted
Those are some shitty penalties. How the heck can a receiver just bowl somebody over and get the flag...
Why did the fucking clock stop? What???
But they didn't have a t/o and didnt spike it?
"I’ll take a 20-10 lead on the road while getting the ball to start the 2nd half, but definitely had a couple missed opportunities. 

Shoulda scored off the Peters Pick, Oline needs to play way better, but overall a great first half"
"""non-traditonal quarterback play"". How traditional we talking because I'm sure Lamar is more throwback than most"
"The texans have turned the ball over 3x yet are only down 10. They held the ravens to 2 field goals and sacked them out of fg range for a third. 

This may sound weird but the texans' defense is actually doing a decent job while sticking to their game plan. Stop the run @ all costs, get the ravens to 3rd and long & hunt. 

Good thing our defense has been opportunistic & our offense hasn't turned the ball over. 

W/ all of that being said, the ravens could win this game going away if they get their ground game going. Tire out the texans' defensive front & this game is done."
"fuck yeah lets run with Gus More

*next play hit behind line of scrimmage*"
He didnt play that ball? Am i crazy?
Was that not PI? The defender wasn't looking for the ball
How was that not PI
Orlando Brown hardly even trying right now :(
So thankful we have tucker
How was there no PI on that throw to Marky Mark bruh
I like running that clock down. Let's keep doing that.
Damn man 4 sacks wowwww
"You know. I understand we are winning and everything.

But these refs need to call penalties correctly. If that was the texans that would be PI on us. Give us a break"
Chances we see Fluker next game?
We are good but I feel like this team needs a wake up call
Wilson looking like Pablo Escobar lol
Get Avrett some help.
Averett is so fucking bad
"I’ll say it again, Averrett needs to be OFF THE FIELD"
Stop letting them hang around
Wow. 4th Q already. Our first drive was amazing time killer. Now got to get them off the field on 3rd and long.
Hold em to 3 here and put em away next possession
Averet out there giving me sharese Wright flashbacks
Queen jumping on that pile was a real Ravens move. Love this kid
Hopefully we follow up with a nice long drive for a score to ice it
"Lmao who yelled ""oh my god""?"
Seeing Baby Yoda made me feel a little less anxious
I dont think Watt played in our game last year.  He has been the difference today
#MARK MOTHERFUCKING INGRAM
#BIG BOI NO LIL BOI
*tears* **thats my running back**
Hahaha that kick in the EZ haha
"BIG BALLS HARBAUGH
BIG TRUSS INGRAM  
WOO WOO
SIX POINTS"
Lol Hollywood trying to bully through two guys for 3 yards and a 1st down was kinda funny. Especially when Mark breaks a 30 yard TD right after it on 4th down.
"Only way I would have loved that more were if it were a direct snap to Ricard who then threw a TD pass to Lamar because why the fuck not, Lamar needs to add ""Not bad for a Wide Receiver"" to his resume."
BIGGGG BOIIII
I fucking love that creativity in the play calling
You say big truss you get a big upvote
I thought that was lamar lol
"We scored 30 on an off day, against a competent opponent. We aight"
Feel bad for Watson get my guy a real franchise...
Elliot is loads better than Earl at blitzing
Alright 99yd TD to Hollywood GO
Score again
"I don’t mean to alarm y’all, but the Chiefs just tied with the Chargers"
Good challenge. Low risk high reward. Even if he  doesn’t get it it’s just a QB sneak
Why did 90 get ejected?
Any have a gif of what got that texan ejected?
"Lamar, Humphrey, Peters, Ingram, Tuck, Queen, Andrews, Hollywood all killin it

But yo. It feels so good when our support guys are making monster plays. Fort obviously, but Gus bus making big moves, Snead has been a monster anytime the ball’s been near him, Boykin making some HUGE blocks, D line getting TONS of pressure. I love this team..."
Pass rush has been better in the 2nd half
Daaaamn JK!
“Rides him down like a rodeo cowboy” O_O
"Seriously not fucking fair to have Ingram, Gus, and JK(and Justice Hill)"
Next week’s game is going to make me drink heavily
"Well, a rookie threw for over 300 on this D. Hopefully Lamar can do the same."
No pass rush is going to be the death of this team.
You guys are honestly the worst sometimes. Holy shit.
T young is made of phone chargers
Not again Tavon :(
Good thing we have CB depth
"god damn... feels so bad for Tavon, hopefully he's good"
There's going to be sooooo many commercials
And the Sunday of a million injuries strikes Baltimore
[deleted]
Queen's got a motor on him.  Good.
Queen was a great pick up never gives up on the play
Run the fucking ball
Offensive line does NOT look good so far
"Even with the O-line woes and Tavon injury, we can all take some chicken soup for the soul and watch Tucker work his craft."
Where can I get that face cover that Harbaugh is wearing? Looks like the MD flag but with Ravens colors
Tucker still fucking has it
Offensive line needs help
53 won't hear the end of that
"Don't forget y'all, this is exactly how the game started last year. We won no contest 5 times over. Chill"
Ward is too big for that shit 😤
Hey only we can do that!
LMAO DUMBASS BILL OBRIAN
GREAT pressure those past 2 plays. Now turn this into a TD
Wallstreetbets
If they're going for it on 4th and 1 on their own 30 you know they're scared
Just remember last year when we played the texans we started slow
##yas queen
off topic but how the fuck did the cowboys win their game
WHAT AN AMAZING CATCH BY PROJECT PAT
I feel so much better now lmao
Okay be honest who had Picard picked for a TD
CELEBRATE GOOD TIMES COME ON
lol imagine giving up a receiving TD to a defensive lineman
What a catch by ricard. Wow.
And y’all were worried in the first half.. trust in Lamar
KC is getting beat by the chargers
Gonna need to answer those short TE passes over the middle.
"Our pass rushers, especially unblocked blitzers need to play with discipline in the backfield and stop blowing past Deshaun every time"
"I’m out of beer 

This is a tragedy"
"Ordered some DoorDash sushi - If I die, I die"
Where is JK?
Still fuckin got it!
Glad we're getting points but wish we could be turning those into TDs
#GOD I LOVE HUMPHREY!! THAT'S A TD
THE MARLO PUNCH IS BAAAACK
THAT WAS A TD WTF
MARLOOOOO
You know what im talking about to JuJu!!!
Marlo with the punch!!!
Thats a td
MARLON FUCK YEA BABY
Fruit punch baby!!
"That bounce off the fumble was perfect for Fort.

If this gets upheld the Ravens better make it count"
Marlon's punch is legendary
"Even if it’s not a score I think we can punch it in from the 1, hopefully with JK, cause I flexed him in fantasy lol"
Give that man his touchdown!
They're reviewing the turnover. Can they change it to a TD if they see it?
That’s a touchdown
"PAY LLAMA, PAY HUMPHREY, PAY STANLEY"
Our secondary is SCARYYYYYY Marlo with a big forced fumble
"The way Marlon punches the ball out so well reminds me of Peanut Tillman.

FBI Officer Tillman is currently a 2020 HoF nominee.

All hail King Marlon"
LJ Fort was such a good pick up
I was surprised the broadcasters weren't calling out that it was an obvious TD.
Linebacker unit is looking very solid
I like when Kevin Harlan does our game
Defense woke up! Just how I like it DIRTY!
MARCUS PETERS! LEGENDARY
Peters grew three feet on that dive
JUICEMAAAAAANNNNN!!!!!
My god this defense ya'll
JUICE JUICE JUICE
Defensive Play Of The Year right there
Holy shit I think Peters just pulled a micheal jordan and grew six feet for that pick
Dear lord what a catch
"But muh defense... 

You people are so impatient"
Has juiceman always been his name??
What a pick!!! Dudes a bonafide stud
Hope Tavon is ok. :/
We are almost too good of a team. everyone is going to start hating on us
The talent on this team is absolutely disgusting.
I’d like to apologize for my doubts when the game began
"I literally yelled ""OHHHHHH"" when Peters got that INT."
O Line might be the only negative this half so far.
"can watt

like

*not*"
Love how the FG target line CBS makes for Tucker is at like the 45 lmao
Stanley down noooooooo
Dobbins can’t block
Buying offensive line 10k west varrock bank
offensive line has room for improvement.
This is like worst o line performance I’ve seen since like 2017... they got 3 sacks on Lamar not even fucking Aaron Donald got a touch on Lamar last year
Shitty playcall considering how bad the line has been
Averett has not had a single positive play his time here
How many times can Judon fly into the backfield and whiff man
Thanks refs...
Wtf why did they give them extra time?
Refs are the best players on the Texans.
Houston clawing and scratching to just stay within 10
Suck a nut refs
Before that last drive I was just thinking how the refs have been pretty decent thus far this season. After that drive WHAT THE DAMN HELL REFS YOU PIECE OF SHIT
Officials kinda lost the handle over that last minute.
offensive is a bit shaky. Defense are killing it
Offensive play calling is absolutely embarrassing. When did we bring Marty back?
i know you guys think we need to win this game by 50 but i just want to avoid the injury gods at play today. i will consider that a win.
pollard acting like a clown on twitter again to no one's surprise
We’re playing okay considering everything. O line needs to step the fuck up no more sacks
should we rotate Fluker in at RG?
"I'm just gonna say we still adjusting to lack of pre season & fans. I mean these 10pts don't feel great to up by, but its not like we down 8pts to a rookie qb right now😏"
We scored 20 points on a playoff team in their stadium. We're doing more than fine
"the ravens: put in a run 

this sub: i pretend i do not see it and continue to complain about throws."
Just had flashbacks of Ray Rice.  Dobbins is money 💰
Ahh you got me short of the first. JK
Long ass drive
Shouldn't the defender have turned for the ball?
Awful O-line man smh
That was a close one there Tuck
still fuckin got it
I wish this game was more like our last matchup
This O-Line needs to get their shit together quick
Didn’t realize we were playing SF’s all-world D-line today. Embarrassing.
this OL play is pathetic
"This O Line... smdh.

What was that, sack number 4?? 

Need to get that shit straight."
Oline was shit week 1 also....They had terrible grades 🤦🏼‍♂️
Queen is fast as hell
Don't even bring 23 home with us. God awful.
Of course it was on Averett. How the fuck is this guy still on the team
plz get averett outta here
Averrett getting absolutely demolished here.
Patrick leaping on the pile lmao
"Look I get being homers, but the fact that a lot of people can't respect what Watson does is kinda sad. He's playing a great game so far. They better not win or I'll probably join the blind homerist discussion, but at least give respect where respect is due."
Averett has singlehandedly put bend don’t break back on the menu.
Need to put the nail in the coffin on this drive TD and games over
Not sure why you’d go for 3 here
Alright same drive as the last one and let's go home and get ready for KC
Deshaun looks sad lol
I just creamed my pants
What a fucking play call
WATCHING IN MY HOTEL ROOM ON STUPID GAMECAST AND HOLY TITS IM HYPED
"I love that we went for it on 4th there, great call and great execution!"
Ok low key was like wtf is this wildcat...I’ll sit down
2/2 on 4th down conversions.
i can't wait for ingram's post game at the mic
"Watson's having a decent game today, will give him that."
Do we have any update on Tavon? Haven’t heard anything from announcers
THA J O K E R
I truly do not understand how some analysts had Deshaun Watson rated above Lamar going into this season
Good challenge.
"Good challenge here. Don't get it, we can go for it on 4th and we burn a time out (Which we may not need). Get it and it's a 1st."
Challange it man he stretched out it should be good
Go for it. All aboard the Gus Bus.
#BLEED THE CLOCK
All aboard the Gus bus
gus Edwards is the rg3 of the rbs lol. show up to close it out
Gus is a starting RB
GUS BUS LETS GO
Theeeeeee wheels on the bus go MOVE BITCH
Why did this guy get DQ'd?
Stop running out of bounds
That's like 80 seconds that should be off the clock Roman fucked up
"The two sweeps were really crap calls. Regardless, points are points. GG Houston!"
Why did that player get ejected? I didn’t catch it
The shots of the Texans sideline makes them all look depressed
DOBBY!!!
DOBBINS!!!
JK just ripping off 40 yard run like it’s nothing!!!!
"Man I wish he’d of scored on that, would of made flexing him worth it"
“Rides him down like a rodeo cowboy”.... wat
"I almost feel bad for the Texans. After getting pounded by Ingram and Edwards, Dobbins comes in and absolutely gashes them."
YABBA DABBA DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Can we talk about half time adjustments both weeks so far? Especially the Oline this week. RBs have had great vision but Oline just blasting holes
2-0! Bring on the Chiefs
No lie the LA stadium looks amazeballs
Ok. That dude kicked three 58 yd field goals. Two in a row after an ice timeout.
Sometime my inner masochist wants tucker to kick my balls. His amazing leg caressing my scrotum would truly be sensational
People are acting like the Texans are a bad team. They were literally up by like 21 or something against the Superbowl champions in the playoffs last year. This game isn’t going to be like last week.
with this o-line the Steelers might have a fucking field day with us gah damn
CBS production has been very poor today
"This sub is spoiled as hell tho. Why the hell are some of y’all complaining when we’re up 10 and getting the ball to start the 2nd half on the road? 

I’ll take this shit every week!"
This subs annoying if we aren't crushing the other team
"What the FUCK is our offensive line doing? They're traffic cones right now for the Texans. And oh boy, Stanley might be injured again. Just great. Here comes another game where Lamar has to do literally everything for the offense."
Talk about keeping a team in it at the end of the half
Refs gave them 3 points
Texans are such pussies for taking a FG. Although i guess it was fourth and 15.
Oh I see. The Chiefs are clearly going to win lol
CBS needs to hurry and put this game on lol
Damn Judon almost had him
"I'M FUCKING DONE WITH TAVON, LETS DRAFT SLOT CB"
A sight all too familiar to us flock:Tavon young making a great defensive play and then limping off the field.
"The number of big names going down to injury today has me quite concerned for our boys, and even more so now."
They should ban turf!
Please fucking run
what are they cheering about? a helmet to helmet hit? lol
Today is fucked I’ll die if Lamar gets hurt
Lamar showing elite composure rn
"I get that the Texans are running 8-man boxes all day, but do we only have one rush from an RB so far?"
I miss Yanda
Playcalling reminds me of the bills game. Too much trickery. I guess we're putting it on tape for the chiefs but... w/e
Both O lines look terrible. Dshaun must be use to by now
"Dang, nice moves Watson"
Big props to Ward for letting that sack go and avoiding the horsecollar - had both hands inside the jersey at the neckline
Good gracious what a freaking escape by Watson
Already in fg Range sick
Let’s go! Joker SZN
Tells you what they think of their chances today that they’d go for that.
GOOD SHIT ELLIOT
Lol. Bill O'Brien is fucking stupid
At least the Texans failed on that 4th and 1
Hell yeah!
"man , my stream is sloow"
Let’s get ittttt
Lamar really making project pat work for that td lol. Great play though
Pat looked like he's made of rubber
Is is me or did Joker just play that like E dub and force Watson to call timeout
"Wait, there’s no crowd noise? Then where is all that cheering coming from???"
Damn it.  I hate when they get first downs
"Wow that was sloppy, no pressure and left WIDE open"
Pass rush is garbage when just 4
We need pash rush right now.
Who's fault was that on the deep pass. Elliott?
That's fine. Respond right back
Wheres the pass rush?
I hope the downers here realize in the game of football both teams usually give up a touchdown or two a game. Not every game is gonna be 45-6 calm down everyone
Fuck off Baker we don’t care about your book club
Lamar looks unbelievably calm out there. Amazing how he continues to get better.
I hope we invest in the online next year. Hate seeing LJ run for his life.
Sam Koch can secretly throw. Tucker can secretly catch. I think we found our next QB/WR duo
Mr. Automatic!!
We aren't sneaking up on anyone. Texans are facing 0-2 and they're ready for us.
How perfect is it to have a Fort on Defense?
No fucking way this team is incredible
"Damn, thought he was in lol. Glad we got that all the same"
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT D!!!! LJ FORT!!! MARLON!!!
That's a TD.
LJ taking over the game!
I love Marlo
Marlooooooo!!!
This game is about to get ugly. Can’t help but feel terrible for Deshaun. He deserves so much better
Fruit punch!!!!!
"Pay peanut, holy fuck. What a play by Fort. They’re gonna show that all week."
"Yeah, that's going to be a TD."
Definitely a tuddy. Awesome stuff. Pretty sure Judon got blocked in the back on the rush too
Tuddy all day 📈📈📈
Goddamn. The defense does *not* look sluggish.
TD confirmed!
I love Marlon
Lamar Jackson Fort
Dang Harrison is FAST
WHAT A PICK
I’m gonna nut
#GOD I LOVE OUR CORNERS
WE FEASTING TODAY BOIS
BALLHAWKIN PETERS WOW
#MP JUICEMANNNNNNN
After a slow start... RAVENS ARE BACK BABY! MP Juiceman in the house baby
Marcus F'n Peters!
Dude should be a WR lol
Let’s fucking go Marcus Peters!!!!
**Juiceman!**
Defense rolling now
About to be back to back years of having two all pro corners
HOLEEEEE FUCKKK WHAT AN INT.
Deshaun looks scared against our D just like last year
MP Juuuuuuiiiiceman!
HELL YEAH D
YALL HAVE NO FAITH
"I’m so fucking glad we’ve got peters, for a 5TH rounder"
"MP JUICE MAN! they thought it was sweet, but it was really sour!"
This is a championship type defense. Turnovers are strongly correlated to Super Bowl runs.
Ravens MVP Kaare Vedvik
Dear god. I remember like 6 seasons where we didn’t have a single WIDE RECEIVER that could make that catch
Lamar just felt bad that Watt hasn't had many sacks lately and wanted him to feel good. Good guy Lamar man.
How much farther back is Tuck’s FG target line than other teams?
Weirdly poor pocket presence there from Lamar. Had an opening to his right but twirled into that sack.
Ronnie stanley is hurt
Yanda come back
Ronnie pls
Online is awful today
Lamar having Louisville flashbacks with this O line play today
Anthony Averett is def our worst corner
Why does it take literally our entire defense plus a couple camera guys to tackle Watson?
Averett needs to be off the field right now
Lmao fucking bullshit call
Omg these calls
That OL is not ideal
Soft as shit call
Levine & Averrett having shit games.
Fucking home job
Jesus christ Averett is piss poor per the usual. Is their no free agent or practice squander out there?
Seeing Averett out there is giving me flashbacks to last years Browns loss. God he is awful. We need Tavon back.
What the fuck is that call????????
What in the world
"I’d rather have Canady than Averrtt, he’s just horrible"
What the everloving shit is going on with the refs on this drive?
"I think we're a bit spoiled. It's the NFL, we're not going to dominate literally every play/drive of the game. We're up 10 at the half, KC is down 8. We are an elite team, but we aren't perfect. Let's not lose sight of that."
Refs fucking called shit illegal contact then stop the clock .
Not getting points off of that turnover is rough
Either flag us or keep the clock running wtf is a 4 second add?
I’m mad but I’m also just plain confused. Wtf rule are the refs invoking here?
blatant hold on Judon right after the wiped sack
Can someone get the oline motivated? Can we make some running lanes and get these backs going strong!
We seem off. Offensive game plan seems off. Without the Def TD it would look a lot different at half. Hope we can adjust at half and settle some. These guys don't look like they can play with our guys. We should run them out of the place.
We get the ball after the half. Just have to settle in more. We know we have the talent.
joe flacco > kirk cousins
If they're so disappointed in the run game how about running the ball more lol
Boykin  is much improved
Harbaugh sucking on his mask looks so weird lol
Is Dobbins hurt? Is he active?
“Exciting even when he gains one yard”
"When I drink stout, we play questionably. When i drink tequila, we play consistent as fuck. I know what I must do, boys"
teams are doing a better job of closing off the amount of space Lamar has to work with
Oh you thought he was down? JK!
Wow what a play.  Shades of Ray Rice vs Cinci years.ago
how was that not pass interference?
PI?
4 sacks today?  O line butt today
Yo o line is straight trash
Roman needs to run some screens
Tucker out here doing trick shots on his FGs now
23-7 sounds a lot better than 23-10.
Really need to rally that OL during this defensive series
Taking a second to to admire Tucker.  That FG was beautiful. Close but most would not have made it.
They are abusing Tyree and Brown whew
Ravens should have swallowed their pride and brought back Osemele. Oh well.
If this stream drops audio one more time I’m going to report it.
Everyone bitch in about this team even the play calling is fine we are not KC down 11 to a fucking rookie
Watson is a tough mf to bring down
Nanny McPhee seems to always be getting in the backfield today. Still goin strong
OMG Averett is garbage.... how do you give that up!?!?
AVERETT is literally so fucking bad. Please cut his ass and start tucker.
Picking on Averett bad.
Averatt is just getting demoralised
Averette is ASS
Yeah get Averett off the fucking field
"avarett is not good, i agree. you just have to feel bad for the guy though. will be picked on all game ever since both marlon and MP caused turnovers."
Averett consistently gets beat 🤦‍♂️
Damn what a throw Watson
oh fuck off Trent Green.
"Lol @ PQ leaping on top of everyone else

""This is MY pile!"""
They fucking dogpiled him LMAO
It looks like we put in Jimmy for Marlon and gave Marlon slot duty back while Young is out
"Averett is showing why he's the 4th option. 
It's not that he sucks, it's just that he's not a one-half and two option on a starting defense."
This drive has felt like forever
ohhhh my gawd
Now let's just grind the hell out of them for 10 minutes and end this with a TD
Mando!
Not sure why but I've got respect for JJ.  His brother (although good) seems like a dirty player.
"Watt has played really well, credit where it's due."
BIG TRUZZZZZZ
BIG BOI NO LITTLE BOI
INGRAM
THAT'S HOW YOU 4TH DOWN IT BABY!!!
GOD I LOVE THIS TEAM SO MUCH
With the roundhouse kick lmao
"ERRYBODY GET IN HERE, WE DID A RUN BLOCK!!!!!!!"
Kick that fucking bull! Let’s fucking go
So everything’s back to fine again 😂
Dis that dirty biiird gameplay I was promised.
Someone link the replay....   Plz.
[Harbaugh balls for calling a play like that.](https://i.imgur.com/U1x9Jko.jpg)
That was some tomfoolery play and I live for it.
"Dang, so many big name injuries today"
Why do I feel like 17 points still ain't enough? Must be that Cowboys/Falcons game from earlier. (Plus I'll never count out Watson.)
Lmao @ Hollywood dancing menacingly towards David Johnson
A Lamar TD pass to Hollywood to end this game would be absolutely pizza pie for me
JOKERRRRRR
he's the Jokaa Baybeee!
DeShaun gonna make some money he keeps this up.
WARM UP THE BUS
Here comes the passrush
Time to feed those running backs
Unpopular opinion: We extend Ingram for 2 years.
". . . lamar throws a somewhat wobbly pass for a touchdown and lamar gets roasted, and mahomes finally ties the chargers and he gets ""wow just wow"""
20-3 career start? Not bad for a running back
KC is scary. But at the end of the day is just about getting to the playoffs and being hot at that time.
Texans damn lucky. That was an inch from being a touchdown.
Jeez I forgot we play KC next week. Huge game
"Yeah challenge the spot, he reached that fd"
I like this challenge. Looked close and we can just use it as a timeout to figure out things anyhow
Assert dominance. Go for it and go long to Hollywood.
Thats how you do it.
The fake fake
big dick harbs
Gus is a gamer
Gus could legit be a #1 on a bunch of teams
"This is why you pound the rock. They know its coming and can’t stop it, easier for oline to runblock than pass block too. Gus has earned more touches"
Lightning McQueen leading the team in tackles again! LOVING this guy
"Please explain, why is this player disqualified?  I don't understand.  TY"
"TICKETS PLEASE.


 The bus will be departing soon."
Replay of foul?
Anybody know what just happened?
I want Harbaugh's neck gaiter.
Why do they keep running to the sideline? Cmon.
Can't believe we didn't throw once on that drive.
I hope the people saying go for it aren’t serious
Super Bowl Confirmed?
Thank god for that graphic I would’ve never known that guy won MVP
The ravens have generated 22 pressures today
DOBBINS YESSS
JK
Run of the day!!
"Dobbins: Drop the taco judon, get in the freaking bus"
DOBBINS!!
Next week is gonna be a crazy game
Texans have no heart left. They do t give a fuck lol
I want a Lamar touchdown
"Oof, if KC loses to LA, they're coming here fired up lol."
"Ooo I’m so hyped for next week 

LETS GOOOOOOIOOO!"
Here we go with the refs...
Dobbins needs to learn how to block
Play calling seems to be a lil too cute right now.
I don't like these play calls. Things feel very conservative right now.
Hollywood be frying niggas man lol. Butt ass. Ass naked out there
Who the hell just said Marlon needs to wake up the d with a big play? Damn sorcery
"O line needs to step up, but not as much as the officiating does. I don’t know how you miss the TD live when it’s right in front of you, and then the 2 illegal contact calls and the absurd pause to give the Texans enough time to kick a FG is just inexcusable shit. This crew shouldn’t get another game this season."
Anyone concerned about the score is a 2019 era new Ravens fan
O line is officially the weak link of team
r/TexasCuckoldCommunity
some of you became fans of the ravens last season and it shows.
"I’m not sure where all of the chastising is coming from. These gameday threads are literally all just hot takes. It’s what you came here for, and it’s just the nature of these threads. 🤷🏻‍♂️"
it’s kind of depressing without crowd noise
Defense was pathetic that drive
"ravens 20

texans 7

refs 3"
"Averett, Shareece Wright, Chykie Brown, Maurice Canady, and Dominique Franks are the same “give up a 10+ yard catch on 3rd down” corner, change my view"
Let’s Fuckin Feast!!!
Broncos keeping it close 👀
"LOL, Denver is really pushing the Squealers."
"Looking at all the injuries this week, I hope our Ravens will be safe"
You had one job Denver :(
Thank god we play the giants at home. MetLife field  is ending everybody’s season
jimmy gets by with a lil help from his friends <3
Good shit Jimmy
Great 1-on-1 stop by Jimmy
"Good start, let's get it"
I swear the biggest cheat code for our offense is 5 wide but we barely ever do it smh
I love how long NFL commercial breaks are
Is Tavon Young made of glass
Wow well its our turn i guess what a terrible day for injuries man
Looks like he came down on that left leg and the knee just flexed out to the side.  No bueno.
"He was limping off, I bet he's ok"
Someone spiked the NFL’s Gatorade stash with bone hurting juice apparently
Young is made of glass
Could be ok. Fingers crossed
Yaaaas queen
Queen is gonna be a BEAST
Fuck I thought the ball was out but it was just Johnson's red shoes
How many times am I gonna have to watch mahomes play cornhole smh
Run the fucking ball
Lol run plz?
"Does Lamar's balls look zippier today to anyone else?  Like last year they looked solid, but today the just shoot out."
Apparently everyone in here thinks they would be a better OC than Roman
The Oline doesn’t exist today
I miss Yanda
Yanda plz comeback
What the fuck is our O-line doing right now? The Texans are using them like turnstiles
Why do teams still use Turf. Jesus
Can Lamar not hit the hard ass fake field with his throwing hand? Cool thanks.
The Texans are playing great defense.
"On 3rd & 7, why do we have 3 players running routes underneath the sticks?"
Texans are playing well. Don't forget there's another team on the field. We looked good enough
What’s up with the fans on here making crazy takes after 2 drives? Same thing happened last week but for the defense.
Damn everyone in here's a better play caller than Greg Roman I guess from the sound of it
that was impressive by Watson to break free from Ward
Ward just got daddied
Jesus what a hell of an escape.
Earl Who?
Fantastic fucking stand
Holy fuck what a terrible decision
"It pumps me up that our offense is so good teams have to take shots like that 4th and 1, and our defense is tough enough to shut it all down"
Lmaooo that was a ballsy move
JOOOOOKER
Opposing teams feel the need.to be aggressive with us.  Just like the Ravens when we played KC.  I don't blame them going for it.  Risky but it has to be done against high scoring teams.
"great clean stop

we got to punish these stupid decisions, let's get 7"
"If we don’t get 7 off this, imma be pissed"
"So, our offense is so freaking scary teams are running bad 4th downs in the hope they keep us off the field. Feels damn good."
Fuck yes
THAT'S MY BLOCKING TIGHT END FIGHTING
pat Ricard what a unit
BIG BOIS GOTTA EAT what a play by Ricard
What a snag
PROJECT PAT
Great catch
Pat really redeemed him self from last week there.
_My erection enters the chat_
Going for it on 4th in your own territory is a bold move against this offense
Awesome catch by Ricard but poor Boyle can never get in the endzone
"CAPTAIN RICARD, MADE IT SO"
Hopefully Tavon can come back this year
CMON JIMMY
Fuck that was a nice catch by Ricard!
yasss it's Lamar
Seahawks gonna bring Cam back to reality tonight I think
That's a big yikes
That’s on Elliot
Smhhh
I never understood why some underestimate Deshaun.  He's one of the best QBs in the league.
DUUUUV
Ingram heard y’all talking shit
Put Tucker out there in the slot
Going from Joe to Lamar feels illegal
"Holy shit, Romeo Crennel still exists!"
i love this belichick commercial lolll
Feel like he couldve picked up the first
"Clean game so far. No penalties, no turnovers, no sacks? Or pretty close to none.

Any turnover is gonna be big."
D needs to step up. No pressure at all
I swear i saw someone comment that we need marlon to force a fumble literally a few minutes ago
WHO NEEDS A NATIONAL GAME WHEN YOU GET KEVIN HARLAN
How is that not a TD?!??
That’s 6 come on!
HUMPH WITH HIS FINISHING MOVE
UNDER REVIEW????
LETS GOOOOOOO. AWESOME
That’s a TD
I really need Harbaugh to challenge this for my fantasy
Bro imagine thinking you’re gonna beat the Ravens while giving up defensive touchdowns 🤣
Let's go Marlo!!!!
Thats a td boys
Humphrey graduated from the peanut Tillman school for DBs in case anyone was wondering. Head of his class too.
Pay marlon!
All Pro Marlo 💜
FUMBLE TD!
Marlon ‘Hammer Fist’ Humphreys
Goddamn that was an effort at the very limits of human capability for Fort to get that in there.  Amazing!
Tucker practicing his bending techniques on these kicks
"Mega hustle from Fort!

All right defense, don't let up! Should be well rested after all the TV breaks and reviews."
ya know arizona looks great this year.
Queen in coverage over a wr??
MP!!!!!
Interception!!
FULLY ERECT
This Team is fucking good
HOLY FUCK PETERS 🔥
Marcus fucking Peters
JUICEMAN 🥤
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
MP JUICEMAN!!!!!!!
I love MP Juiceman
HOLY FUCK WHAT A FUCKING PICK
MP GRAPE JUICE MAN
OOF
Oh my word
OUR DEFENSE IS HUNGRY!!!!!
JUICE
MPJuiceman looking like Ed Reed
What a game so far after that slow start
JUICEMAN
Our elite corners showing out today
So what EDGE we trading for?
"TD, halftime, TD, game"
Now it’s time to step on their throats and end this before the half. Let’s go boys
"Let's gooooooo.

Chance here to pull a Belichick Special. Double-dip before end of half and we start the 3rd with the ball."
"MP ditched his man in the flat and double backed for the snag. Such a sneaky fuck, love it."
Holy crap that int was fucking beautiful
Peters took a page out of Ed Reeds book with that int
Watt is destroying OBJ
I want you all to just take a moment to appreciate this special roster of guys we have right now. Don’t take it for granted.
I miss Yanda :(
Not today Watt any other day is fine...
Not Stanley 😱
Online playing like total dog shit today.
oh fuck oh fuck not stanley please
Averett is a bum.
Are you fucking kidding me?!
Queen is an absolute beast
Averett is such a fucking liabilty
Fucking Averett you know he’s going to the sideline
LOL WUT
WTF Averrett is allowed his field what a joke
"Fucking dammit, you can't let deshaun do that."
Having not seen Averette for awhile I completely forgot how TRASH he is
Wtf just happened
Houston a bunch of pussies
Not worried. Couple of gifts from the refs there.
Lol that’s bullshit.
"That one weak, and simply wrong, illegal contact call on the sack made the whole drive happen, but that doesn't excuse every other play. That was awful"
Refs were dogshit down the stretch. That illegal contact on the sack was soft as fuck.
This Texans team is so trash. We're keeping them in the game. God it must suck to be a fan in Houston
That was legit. You can't delay the game because the ref fucks up. Same thing as moving the chains. If they aren't set the refs can pause the game because *they* fucked up. Not the other team
Dear God I hope uncle Eric is on the phone calling someone to play corner next week.
"I’m still really confused why the refs gave them a free timeout, not suspicious at all"
We're up 10 but only have 5 rushes by rbs. I understand letting the defense pick their poison but you can't just allow them to get us out of our game.
"Hey Greg, think you're gonna run it more than 5 times in the second half?"
Pass protection has been crap.  Need to run some draws/screens or roll Lamar out to slow them down
Did Dobbins get a single snap in that half
"Once again, the coaches are forgetting that the Ravens are a run-first team..."
"Anyone else want to see some more 2 TE sets and JK Dobbins in the 2nd half?

We need to slow this pass rush down"
Also our D-line has gotten pretty good pressure but Watson’s athleticism is phenomenal
Don’t know why a lot of you are angry . Deshaun is going to make plays he’s arguably a top 5 guy and we’re so lucky D hop ain’t playing with the Texans anymore. Texans are bound to make more bone headed TOs and bad plays we got this Guys.
It’s never worth to return kickoffs anymore because all of the flags and the small likelihood of actually getting past the 25
Maybe the Gus Bus is like the Texans kryptonite
"Ah yes, the Ol' Akron Pros"
Dobbins staying up after that contact was amazing.
"Dobbins: aw jeez looks like you got me 

JK"
That was Ray Rice like holy shit
Jk ray rice
Good read and play switch by Lamar
Dobbins good.
Wow. That’s was Ray Rice chills man spooky
Obvious PI.  Dude could be kissing Mandrews.
How was that good coverage?
Excuse me I forgot. What does an o-line do?
"Scaring me there, Tuck."
That was SNUCK in there damn
thank god we have tucker
almost had to burn down a village there for a second
Llama gonna need some ice packs after this game
Ok wtf is going on with our o line
"God won't allow Tuck to miss, i swear."
Missing Yanda so bad
This IOL man.
Dude. If our line is this bad -- CALL DIFFERENT ROUTES. Spread them 5 wide. Call a screen. Do literally ANYTHING different. Jesus.
I would really like Fluker to start at guard for now. He wouldn't get bullied in the run game.
Well it's a good thing he overthrew that lol
Wink bout to send some heavy pressure on the right side
I do think we see Fluker at RG next week but ya'll saying Brown Jr. Looks bad and Yanda made him good have apperantly forgotten who hes going against damn near every play. Id like to see a Tackle playing next to a rookie guard that doesnt get eaten alive by JJ Watt
Even with that sack Watson looks like he’s covered in oil lmao
why is Averett on the field
FUCKING AVERETT
Averett cant keep up
What a fucking throw by Watson
"Cut Averett, he’s always the culprit"
Averett needs to be cut
Picking on Averett alllllll day
Averett sucks
Can't let them get more than a FG here with the amount of penalties and TFL we have had. Let's shut it down.
Avarett is already playing garbage time.
Please bench averett asap
Line is starting to get pressure.
"Queen be like, ""I want the tackle too!"""
we need tavon back man
"Yeah, we do not have to do this Averett experiment. Just play Jimmy."
i miss lamar </3
Man I hope we can pound the rock and burn some clock on this next possession
I love wink's scheming. Fuckin 8 defenders on the LOS.
We need to put the Texans away now. This is the way.
"Lol, people are still roasting Averette 😂"
Herbert has 3 more completions than Mahomes and 125 more yards
Cactus Jack sent me
"It's early but our OL just doesn't look the same in the run game. Yanda retiring & skura not being 100% are 2 reasons why. Both opposing defenses have sold out to stop the run as well.

As the new OL builds cohesion, i think they'll start to dominate on the ground again."
Did Lamar just reverse Summersault
**Snead has the need for Speed**
"I really like Snead IV.  He shows up every game for something, and that was a tough-ass run after catch."
Murray runs so weird
Kyler Murray has me worried if we meet them in the SB. He's so much better this year
"The best part about Lamar is how much he just loves the game and everyone included, breaks two tackles falls over the guys, gets up helps them up and hugs both of the texans players"
This just in. Lamar Jackson sandbagging so that he could play a full football game
INGRAMMM
HELL YEAH COACH LETS GO FOR IT
So much for eating clock but fuck it LETS GOOOOOOOO
Not bad for a RB
He just Cobra Kai'd their logo.  Dayam.
HELL YEAH COACH LET'S GO FOR IT
CANT HANG. THATS FUCKING BALTIMORE FOOTBALL RIGHT THERE
Ingram was so hyped 😂
THAT’S how you do a 4th and 1
ROUNDHOUSE
😂😂😂 He busted roundhouse kick!
WE SOME KIND OF 1920S FOOTBALL SQUAD?
Absolutely amazing blocking should be game LFG
"INGRAM I LOVE YOU

Roman and Harbaugh, what a play call, hats off!"
BIG BOI RUN
The hays in the barn!
We own this bitch
"For all the problems with the O-line, we’re still firing on all cylinders, and beating these Mfer’s handidly."
I love this team!
I am suddenly a wildcat fan. But only for one play
"Just when you thought this offense has done it all, 4th down wildcat for 30+ you have got to be kidding"
"let's get a 3 and out, we can basically end the game."
[deleted]
Lets gooooo D
When Deshaun has time he is absolutely surgical
Calais there showing why he is great.
Elliott has been playing great! Safeties have been refreshingly good these last two games
STOP TURTLING D
Yeah we can't play like there's 2 min left
The pressure today hasn't been bad honestly.
Geeeeeez Elliot
JOKER
Is Watson blind lol. I don't think it could've been more obvious that we were sending the house
Please eat the clock
Not to be greedy but another Lamar TD would really save my fantasy team
Gotta tighten up that coverage and pass block a bit better for KC next week. Other than that solid display of football for us.
"Down by 17:

&#x200B;

KICK A FIELD GOAL"
how are you *not* going to go for this?
How the fuck do they not show a replay? That’s absurd CBS.
That was a crazy play call
lmao i'm so glad we want to demoralize them and go for it
that scheduling does suck for houston. i agree.
Hope Houston destroys the steelers next week
Now we are just demoralizing them
Gus looks incredible right now.
"Chargers about to score a TD

They on the 3"
Damn Gus is the closer
Gus Bus is so good
"Having Gus is almost dirty, we run Ingram and Dobbins all game. Then we send in Gus against a completely wore defense."
Did anyone even see what got 90 ejected?
235-105 on the road 😳
Cunningham has a done a good job containing Lamar. Credit where it’s due.
Running out of bounds on back to back plays.. not smart football
lamar TD here pls
in the least weird way possible deshaun watson has got some smooth skin.
Kick the fg go up 3 and let's roll it out
"If we score another td, I'm gonna be 1 point off on the lucky guess thread. That's gonna suck."
It’s crazy to think about how we haven’t lost a single game since the browns week 3... might change next week but a 15 game winning streak is insane
I love Kevin Harlan
JK Dobbins is electric!
"GET HIM DOWN

LMAOOOOO"
Yo that’s gotta be demoralizing as fuck
DOBBINS
These little flashes of JK's ability makes me hyped for how he is going to develop in this offense
Ravens have 223 rush yards. Texans held up until the 4th and then boom
We almost have 4 guys with 50yrds rushing. Wonder if thats ever happened before?
Mahomes just picked up 3rd & 20 on a RUN wtf
"Oh god, here comes the Pat Mahomes comeback"
"Settle for a tie, cowards"
"Fuck the chargers 

We’re gonna do it by ourselves"
Lamar 37 for 46 398 5tds
"
                                                  ,     ,
                                            ╓╗#▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄,
                                        ,╔▓▓╬▓▓███████▓▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓████╦
                                      ╔▓╬╣▓▓███████▓▓▓█████████████▓████▓╦
                                   ╓▓▓╬▓████████████████████████████▓▓█████m
                                 ╓▓██╣███████████▓▓███████████████████▓█████▌
                                å██▓╣█████▀╙╙   └Γ░░╠▒╠╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬████████▓██████
                              ╓▓██▓▓██▀╟▓╩    ;;≤░░φ▒▒▒▒╠╠╠╬╬╠╠╠╬╬▓████████████▄
                              ▓███▓██▓╣╬▒░    ;░░░░Γ░░▒▒▒╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣▓████████████▌
                            .▓██████▌░╬╩╙Γ   ""`""""""  """"╙╙╙╩╩╩╩╠╠╬╬╬╣▓████▓████████▌
                            ║████▓█▓╙░╙░,▄##╩▀╙╙▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀╙╙▀▀▀╣▄▄╠╠╬╬▓▓╣██▓████████▄
                           ╔██╣▓▓█▓╓▄▓▓▓█▓▄▄,,                ▄▓▀▀╝╣▓╬╬╬██▓██████▀█╦
                           ▓█ ]▓█╬████▓████▓▓╣█▄  ▄▄▓▒δδδ   ,╓,▄╔▓▓▓╣███╬███▓████⌐ ▀█▄
                           █▌ ▐█████████████████▄▓███▓▓▓▓▓▄φ▓▓▓▓▓▓▓███████▓██▓███    `
                            Θ █▌╙████████████▓▓███"";╚█████████▓█╣▓▓█████████▓▓▓██▌
                             ]█  .╚██████████▓██`  '""╙╠██▌ ╙╟████▓██▓██▓╬╬█▓█▓▓██▌
                             ▐█  ▐⌐ ``╙╙╙╩╩╩╩╙ ╓╓,,,,≡,╙╙▀▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╩╩╩╚╬╬╬╠╩╠╠╣▓██▓
                             ╟▌  ▐░∩     φ▒╩""▓▓█▓▓▓▓▓██▓▓▒╠╬╬▒░     ⌠φ╠╠▒╟▒║▓╬╙╫██▄
                            ,█   `φ░ ,,,'╙     «φ╠╠╠╣╣╬╬╙╙╙╙╙╙╠▒φφφ╠▒╠╬╬╠▓░░╫▓▓░░╚
                         ╓#▀▀    ]╠▒φ╬╠░   ╓⌐ ,,▄╓φ╠╬╬╬╬╠╩φ▒φφ░╠╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╣▌░▒╟█▓╣Γ
                              ,, ,╚▒╠╬╬░;▓▒▄▓▓█▓▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▓▓▓▓╬╣╬╬╠╠╬╬╬╬╬╣╣▓╬▄╚▒░╣▒
                              `╙▀╩α╣╬╬╬░╚╠╣██▀▀▀▀#▓▓@▓▓╣╣███▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓╚▓▓φ▒▄█
                                    ╣╬╬▒░   ≡╓▄,,,,,φφφφφ╣╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓╩░╠^╙████
                                    ▐╚╠▒░░,.φ╠╬╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╠╬╬╬╬╬╣▓▓▓╬╣╬▒░""     ╙▓█▄▄╓
                                     ╚╠░░░░░""╙╚╩╩╩╩╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒░.░
                                      ╚▒φ       ,;░░░░░╠╬╬╬╬╬╣╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╠╠╬▒░░░
                                      .""╠▒,,,,φ░▒╬▒░φ░╠╬╠╬╣╣╣▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒▒░
                       ,,              ░▐▓▓▒▓╬▓▓▓╣▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╣▓█▓╣▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╠▒▒░
                                      ∩'φ╠╚█████████████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╠▒░
                  ╙ºª≈`                ]░╠▒░╠╬██████████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╠╬▒░░╔
                                      ;░░░░  ╚╬╣▓███████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╬╬▒▒╩
                                      ⌠""░░.  .╠╠╬╠╣▓▓▓▓▓╬╬▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓╬╬╬╬╬╬╝╙"
Our O Like is playing like shit but Lamar is so good that he’s only been sacked once
"whew i feel so much better after we didn't score a touchdown on 100% of our possessions.

lol y'all need to chill."
Is Watson covered in oil?
"The Texans player placed the ball, and then the ref kicked it backwards. I guess that means they get a free timeout to get a FG."
Meh. 10 up at the half. I'll take it
"Our O-line couldn't block a light breeze today, let alone a D-Line led by JJ Watt. What the fuck are they doing?"
GET AVARETT OUT FFS
Bro fuck this announcer saying that was a penalty but the shit on Andrews wasn’t.
God Mahomes is going to fucking expose Averett
Niggas keep trying to tell me Edwards is just a product on the offense.. dude is good
"Probably the most ""human"" I've ever seen Lamar play"
This was the weirdest blow out ever we had to try hard for it. A lot of the other ones felt effortless
The Hay is in the barn!
I know our play calling has been questionable and the o-line sucks today but shit are we spoiled with so many people complaining about not blowing out a good team
The other team is still allowed to score guys...
"Fuck this call it a tie and try again next week 

Save the knees"
Tavon can sneeze and get hurt
18 games in 4 seasons for Tavon if he's out for the season.
"Literally the same start as the Browns game. Go up 10-0, have a shitty defensive possession

Tell me what’s next?"
This offensive line is so bad
Play fluker and mekari
We need to put a big hit on Watson. We’ve allowed him too much time and space to build confidence
"Kinda feel bad for the Texans right?  Schedule hard af.  KC, us, then Pittsburgh next week.  Damn"
"Not surprising they picked up that 3rd and long on Averett, get him off the god damn field"
30 to 13 but I feel like we've been playing pretty bad idk lol
"Steelers have a lot of game left, the TV will cut to our game at the start, won't they?"
Steelers really blowing this shit lmao
Broncos fucking suck
"Well, if there’s anything we learned, it’s that the Steelers defense is overrated"
"Something bad teams have in common: Not blocking obvious free rushers, haha."
Steelers almost lost to the Jeff driskel Broncos. Spooky
Hope Ingram goes off today
"Strap yourselves in, here we go."
Kevin Harlan let's gooo
Campbell just reached out and grabbed that runner.  Otherwise he was going at least several more yards.
"lol way to hold em Jimmy.

Jimmy say “Heeelp!!!”"
Always hated jets sweeps
Levine is just the best
"Ahh, Lamar should've probably tried that 5050 ball down the field on the right hand side."
They’re clearly scared of Watt disrupting the rushing offense
Welp there it is
Tavon looks like he’s in a lot of pain
NO TAVON
FFS we were just talking about avoiding injuries. Thankfully he seems to be ok
"Goddamnit, who put knee-breaking shit in all the fields this week?"
Tavon pls no be hurt
Meanwhile LMFAO Falcons. They are the biggest choke artists in the NFL.
Walk it off young one
I had a bad feeling the rampant injury bug that’s been hitting the league would bite us today :(
"Fucking week 2

*edit: i mean the amount of injuries around the NFL has been rough this week"
It'll buff out.
Anthony Averrett....
YAS QUEEN
Queen with the hustle
Why aren’t we even trying to run the ball?
Oline looks like ass
This o-line play is terrible
Rip tavon
At least he can walk that’s good
Hollywood could have blocked watt and was like lol no
All these injuries today has me fucking spooked for the Lamar running game
Maybe our front office will dial up some trades or something for the O-line on the level of how they re-tooled the defense mid-season last year.
We had a slow start to the Texans last year and still put up 41
Always said  O line is overrated. The reason why teams don’t get sacks on the ravens is because of Lamar
Let the Ravens gain momentum. They're just powering up
"We have 3 stellar RBs, for sure dont hand the ball off once in a quarter."
Let Lamar get a feel for what they are doing and he will adjust a bit
Okay that was impressive
"That's it, I'm getting a beer."
This is going to be a VERY fun game. Battle of crazy athletic QBs
*evade 100*
"Deshaun ""Lamar Jackson"" Watson"
That was honestly best case scenario because it could have easily turned into a horse collar.
"come on, don't be shy, slander the ravens defense some more."
Can’t give the ravens offense great field position. Getting a TD here would be huge
why do teams always try dumb ass 4th down attempts on us? hilarious
Hell yea boys. Let’s get 7.
Watson loving the jump pass
BoB is such a dunce
FUCKING HUUUUUUUUUUUGE
HELL YES DEFENSE
how idiotic lmao
That was not a good decision. Two weeks in a row teams getting too cute on us.
This game is already waaay better than the Denver Pittsburgh game.
Front 7 looks light years better
We just got the ball within Justin Tucker field goal range
It was actually a good thing that no one wanted to tackle Watson on that play
"Man, with all the speed on this offense, Boyle looks sooooo slow"
YOU OWED US THAT RICARD
"Feel better now, boys?"
Ricard!Oh yea!!
Lamar 2 td run yes
Love this drive
PATTY RICARD THANKS BOB
TOUCHDOWNNNNNN RAVENS!!!
Great play from project Pat!
Much better play calling. Lock clockwork when we on.
Thank you sweet lord baby Jesus
The Texans wanted to be us so bad by going for it on 4th down
Has Dobbins played a snap today?
"flip over to the WFT  at commercial just in time to watch Haskins get pancaked

edit: scary terry appears"
Bill O'Brien MVP
"Good shit, Ricard!"
"First td

More to come"
"Imagine using analytics and probabilities to get an edge in a football game only to see the effort benefit the other team. Congrats, you're BoB."
"I haven’t heard anything about it, so I’m assuming Clark still has the Green Dot?"
Our run D is looking decent
"Also, I do hear crowd noises pumped in. Do you guys not hear it?"
Hell of a blown coverage.
yuck
Double fuck
"If Watson had time, that was a TD."
Does anyone know what Pacific time the game is
Need the offense to come out big this drive let the defense get some light under their feet and get back on top of things
This pass rush is gonna suck so hard next week.
Tavon being out does actually hurt us
Ate a whole wedge of triple cream brie and it’s got me fucked up
Fuck Earl Thomas bum ass for costing us 15 mil this year
"Bro, Ingram takes a fucking beating when he has the ball"
"Oh my god, if Lamar starts working voice inflection into his repertoire -- that's it. Call it. The man's in total sheriff, Brady/Rodgers territory."
Lamar to Tucker is now my ultimate dream play to see recorded in a regular game scorebook officially somehow
"All I want this season, besides a super bowl, is a Tucker tuddy"
what cant tucker do
Hollywood!
"Hollywood Brown making catches like he's 6'9"""
Let’s go! Is it just me or does Hollywood always land funny when he goes up for a catch?
Fuck running he’s gonna be Lamar Rodgers from now on
Tucker for wr
Doctor my Eyes just saw a pass from Jackson to Brown.
lamar throwing way offscreen? it's going to hollywood
That was a fucking zinger to Andrews but good defense
Little too much on that throw
MARLOOOOOOOOO
"ALSO, FRUIT PUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!"
Did I just say I want a TO?  YES I DID!
MARLOOOOOOO
YAAASSSSS GIVE ME THEM TURNOVERS
"WHO IN HERE SAID WE NEEDED A TURNOVER TD, WHAT A PREDICTION!"
Humph punch!
BUILD THAT FORT AND WATCH IT STAND
Marlon 😈😈
Humphrey is such a beast
Marlon>Jalen
He’s in come on
Texans can't be serious...
It’s not a TD!!?
The ball hit the pylon before he went out!
Oh wait we don't have to challenge because all turnovers are reviewed and they review the entire play. This review will end with us kicking a PAT
Lamar Jackson = LJ. Fort McHenry is in Baltimore. LJ Fort Illuminati confirmed?
LETTSS FOCKIN GOOOOOO!!
🔥 🔥 🔥
"The wink defense has nasty punches, Peanut did it all the time too"
All these great players we're going to have to pay 😭
Went the bathroom... guess that was a mistake.
For you Ravens fans to give some context here. The WR that caught the ball does this so often. He gives us flash of hopes and then does this and now will not play for the next 4 games probably lmoa
"thank god, that def looked like a legit TD"
"I'm surprised, but I'll take it!  TD!"
Thats a touchdown!
"LET'S GOOOOOOOO RAVENS!!!

😈"
"Houston blaming lack of energy on lack of crowd noise, pretty sure Houston would be silent regardless after that last TD"
Marcus motherfucking peters
bruh
What a catch
Holy fucking highlight reel.
I think the D heard the shit you all were talking.
MP JUICEMANE
MP JUICEMAN
MPJuiceman!!!!!!!!!!!
That's a catch by a mile
"good afternoon  Houston, the juice man is here."
OH YEAH DON'T FORGET WE HAVE A DEFENSE!
Juice man!!!
We starting to heat up!!!!
WHAT A PICK
Marcus gonna start clowning them😂 looks like Lamar ain’t playing in the fourth ☹️
M P JUICE MAYYNNNEEEE
MP JUICEMAN
MP Juiceman! God we are so lucky to have two stud corners.
People still try to act like we don’t have 2 of the top 5 corners
MP JUICEMAN MP JUICEMAN MP JUICEMAN
Turnovers win games. Turnovers lose games. We on the right side of those TOs
GIMMIE THAT!!
 JUICE MAN JUICE MAN
YESSSSS WHAT A CATCH
LJ Fort and MP masking our oline getting manhandled and the lack of a pass rush
Td here and after the half and cruise lol
EAT
"We are fucking scary, I love it"
Bud light guy needs to brown bag that beer
Lmao they making deshaun watch the pick
We don't stop the clock for out of bounds anymore?
I love Peters so much
Gotta feel bad for Watson honestly dudes just going to end up like Andrew Luck
I fucking LOVE Peters and humphrey duo. Keep them together!!!
MP stands for Magic Powers with how he caught that o.O
"We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs 


We want the chiefs"
"Unfortunately for the Texans, they're stuck playing the Ravens on All-Madden difficulty."
"Man, OBJ is having a rough start to the season. Garret last week and now Watt"
I'm not used to seeing Stanley and Brown getting pushed like this
Well that wasn’t good
Stanley no
Fuck it.  Let Tucker try it from ther e
What the fuck o-line
O line pls
So I guess Stanley now has injuries to 3 parts of his body.
We can't lose Stanley. That could be devastating to the offense
Do we actually have an offensive line?
Ok the entire o-line needs to step up NOW without Stanley
Can Yanda start eating again - maybe he can make a comeback for week 4 or 5. Just need him to get in lineman shape
The o-line needs help. Idk why edc thought a third round rookie was gonna fill in for yanda.
Lmao an interception and the Texans are gonna score
Bullshit flag
AVERETT IS FUCKING TRASH
Again? Come on
LEARN TO TACKLE
What shit way to end the first half.
Averted shouldn’t even be on the team anymore
Rather have Levine play corner than Averette
Remember when Averett jumped over the fumble in KC and missed the ball entirely
"Our ILB is our best pass rusher, good lord"
"Shit needs to be said in the locker room, shit needs to be said"
Damn. Our o line looking like a bunch of beanbags
Huh???
WTF was that
we stayed really healthy last year. you get some soft spots exposed if guys start getting dinged up
Why did they give them time....
"Fuck off, come on"
O line needs to be addressed ASAP
fucking unreal
Actual BS but whatever
Offense is just not getting it together. Defense keeping us in this game. Let's hope oline can get it together and Lamar comes out angry in the second half to put together a TD drive.
"This O Line... Chris Jones and the Chiefs are gonna be licking their chops looking at this on game film.

We need to get this shit straight."
[deleted]
Thank fuck Lamar can throw cause the run game has gone to shit
When they stop the clock to call a penalty which ends up getting declined dont they have to impose a ten second run off?
Boykin is a tight end now I guess
Boykin's not a TE
"Lamar’s composure today >>>>

But I’d like to see him scrambling to avoid those sacks a little more. Bully them into submission"
These announcers called DeShonn Eliot a C and Boykin a TE so far
Watt is a legit superstar. His presence is felt this game.
"Gus, AKA the Bus."
"The OL isn't helping, but the playcalling has left a lot to be desired so far"
This is exactly why we should keep feeding the running backs
Our backs are the best downhill runners in the game
omg close up of Harbaugh eating his mask
FEED GUS
We had 3 lead blockers on that play and 3 players on the defense were around lamar unblocked within 3 yards.
Ray rice flashback
Need I say I'm throbbins for Dobbins?
Amazing play by dobbins staying up
I want to see a bomb to Hollywood lol
Dobbins is such a great pick
Way to go JK
Ray rice vibes
andrews almost got a hug for a td
That's a PI if the roles were reversed
Yeah the O-Line is a worry.
Dude Hollywood was wide open
pi
"Andrews wanted to moss him so bad, I would have nutted"
"i have faith in phillips, but he's just not it yet."
Phewwww. “Still fucking got it”
This fucking oline already
o line is booty
Tucker really scared me there
O line.... stand between the rusher and lamar pls
I miss Yanda
Thank God for Tucker
Offensive line straight dog ass
Orlando let that blitz right in untouched smh
"""STILL FUCKING GOT IT"""
Is our OL bad or is Houston’s DL good?
The Oline is lookin like Swiss cheese.
"Just seeing how close he can kick it to the upright without touching it, that's all. Totally intentional."
"These field goals are killing me. Total yards edge  and +2 turnovers, we should be up a lot more than 13."
It can’t just be the loss of Yanda. Somebody on that offensive line has regressed.
Tucker just tucking it in
Ngl I'm scared Lamar's gonna get hurt if they don't fucking block for him. Lamar getting hurt could potentially end the season
Orlando brown looked good playing next to yanda last year but now holy shit
We aren't used to winning and it not being close... In all honesty the team needs to overcome and pull through games like this. This is what sharpens our blades
I hate looking in this sub and everyone being so negative when we are up two possessions
McPhee almost blew that up
Watson just fucking go down jesus christ
LOL there were so many humans in that pile
Our front 7 is going to wreak havoc against a less athletic qb
ANTHONY AVERETT NOT ANTHONY EVERETT.
Averett. Jesus Christ. Do your job
Get Averett out of there bruh
Averett suuuucks.
averett shows up just to get fucked next play
Averett is a horrible football player
Averett is pain 😫
What ever happened to Iman Marshall? Has he been injured?
DOG PILE!
Do we have any other corners aside from Averette who could sub for him?
This drive is giving me agita!
Guess I'll take it. 😂 This team kinda playing like butt and drain the quarter for +3.
Can someone explain to me why Bernard Pollard hates  Harbaugh? [Link](https://twitter.com/crushboy31/status/1307799103192141827?s=21)
i’m ready for one of the cb’s off the practice squad. averett has been trash since we drafted him
We jumped boo
"Prince Amukamura is a FA 😏

Yeah, he's too good to be a fourth corner though"
"Oh look, now they have a manageable 3rd down..."
Lol who laughed there
Great job D!
Good stop
Houston out here trying to throw on Humphrey. Good way to not score touchdowns.
Long TD drive please. Even a long FG drive would be nice
Still pissed off they replaced Jake from State Farm into a handsome and fit man. I miss the old one 🤧
We need a long fucking drive like it's nobody's business.
Jackson is so entertaining to watch
Slippery like a rain drop!
she is so fine
"Slippery as a raindrop.

Poetry"
I need a HOUDINI play
"Did not know bout Andrews diabetes, huh that’s crazy"
JJ chill...plz
Jj Watt is not a human being.
Lowkey forgot how good JJ Swat is lol
LETS GO
LET'S GO!!!!!!!!!
FUCKING INGRAM!!!!!!!
I FUCKING LOVE THIS TEAM!!
What a call G Ro
The ravens are my favorite team
bruh my jaw is on the fucking floor lmao holy shit
Was that a direct snap to Ingram?
Best blocking all day! What a time for it to come!
Dagger.
BIG TRUZZZZZzzz
INGRAMMMMMM WHAT A PLAY GOD DAMN THAT WAS SEXY
2-0 baby
What did that net do to you Ingram?
"GRO is a handsome, husky genius"
YES SIRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
"What a clean run, jesus. Gotta love Ingram"
MEET ME OUTSIDE THE BANK....when we get back
"Damn, Jake from state farm buff af"
BOB so mad he took the mask off
"Still 10 mins to play, let’s get a TO"
Texans are known for having a bad oline and we have given Watson lots of time
"Watching the ravens play prevent towards the end of games always infuriates me, it’s so bad"
BLOCK THE FG PLZZ
Deshon > Desean
SACKED!
I traded Sammy Watkins to my buddy for Hollywood like 20 mins before kickoff and now Watkins is hurt holy fuck I just got that one off
Props to Faribairn for also staying clear of the illness affecting nearly all kickers this year and being pretty money for his team today
"https://twitter.com/ravens/status/1307813744194523136?s=21

Bruce Lee"
"Damn, easy on my QB fucker"
clock killing TD drive here we go
God I love football
We going.
[deleted]
Good thing the refs couldn’t see that blatant hold from Andrews 😂
Not a bad challenge.  Gives them a TO to go over 4th and 1.
Knee wasn’t down
Good challenge if don’t get it it’s basically a TO
He got it
how the heck didn't they spot that as a 1st lol
God we are lucky.
Yup. Houston's done.
Gus fucking ramming them
Time to load up the Gus Bus
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
gus bus!!! ride the man!
I know these are garbage time yards but I love Edwards
Damn gus showing off
Make🙌🏽Gus🙌🏽bus🙌🏽the🙌🏽starter🙌🏽
Gus bus taking us to W street
Gus lives for the 4th quarter
Blacklock.... Dude is lucky he has an L in there
They just ejected Blacklock!
"Imagine having like 5 guys we trust to run the ball, Amazing

This fucking team guys"
"Member back in the first quarter “omfg were gunna lose” 

R-E-L-A-X"
"Gus ""7.9 YPC"" Edwards"
Can they stop going out of bounds 😂
"Ok, so it was a 5 minute drive with a FG. Still works."
Wasted a minute dumbass outside runs there
Another week it feels good to be a Raven
I like the implications
pick 6 coming up
Houston sports fans all collectively gathered outside the stadium as you can hear the boos
RGIII TIME!
So who’s our player of the game? The whole team ? Felt like a collective effort
ITS RG3 time again lmao
that will just about do it yeah?
#J K ALL DAY
Oh yeah. Dobbins is gonna be nice.
JK
Holy shit JK
I’m so fucking hungry for next Monday
"Who screaming ""get down""????????"
RIDE EM DOBBINS!!
Dobbins is a great open field runner. The turf monster almost got him there but he was crazy in college
Pray that Greg Roman doesn't try and fancy it up
Lamar looks a half step slower since he bulked up. Overall probably a good thing but we may not see another Bengals type play.
#RAY RICE
Watson a bitch begging for flags like that
Hey Jk maybe block somebody
"Listen I had a really hard week, I'm gonna need you guys to chill with the doom and gloom unless we're down 20 points in the last 2 mins of the fourth."
Looks like we're feeling the loss of Yanda
SERIOUSLY. PASS DEFENSE. WAKE UP
71 was way up field on that. Is he eligible?
Poor tavon young is made of glass
Brown won on that route. Gotta give him a chance.
FRUIT PUNCH
What’s the point of having Ingram if we don’t use him. Can’t just deep ball everything
"Got the best CB duo, but also the worst CB in the league to balance it out"
WHY ADD time!! This is rigged af
.....pass interference 100%
Refs robbed us of 7 WTFFF
"# Danny Lee Jesus ""D. J."" Fluker please"
"Don’t get me wrong I love our usual offense, but this type of offense hits different"
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GIRLS
Dobbins is new but he should of got that block for Lamar coulda been a 1st
Tavon just can’t stay healthy
That dude is fragile as fuck. Jesus.
Stupid drive but points
Ok the missed tackles were probably just Martindale playing 4D chess for good field position.
Anyone else think this defense could be historically good?
COMPLETE TO TUCKER!
We need to run the ball
Was that a catch?!?
Oline keeping the Texans in the game
Opening gameplay was bad this game. Texans got rocked by the chiefs run game. We came out passing. The biggest downfall of this team is game planning and play calling. Same shit happened last season
Nice to see the refs only robbed us of 4 points instead of 7
We keep scoring and have no turnovers and everyone is screaming at our offense
Should have kept Carr
"Let’s go offense, let’s put a nice drive together."
Why are we running outside the tackles right now? Running out the clock is far more important than scoring.
Run the score up
Bob paid the refs smh
damn. refs hate you guys too? must be an AFC north thing
"I know we're winning but there is plenty to improve on right now.

Lamar had an open run lane for a first but instead threw it off-target to Hollywood in the end zone. Lamar in general is accurate today but his pocket presence is off.

Line is trash. Both offense and defense.

Offensive play-calling is off-rhythm. No Dobbins. Little Andrews. Extremely poorly done chance at end of half to capitalize on Peters's pick.

We better come out with a fire under us."
If they dont go for it they’re throwing in the towel.
"I’m more worried about staying healthy that I am winning this one. I mean, I want the dub but want everyone to finish the game healthy even more. These 1pm games have been brutal with some huge injuries."
Unrelated but can someone explain the Bills hype to me? They had the easiest schedule ever last year and this year they've scraped by the Jets and are losing to the Dolphins. They're a slightly above average team at best
"Aww, Denver finding a way to screw it up"
Fucking denver
okay rsvens time to reclaim first place
"Me before the season: ""Denver with the help of talented rookies such as Jerry Jeudy and with Drew Lock as QB will be a legit contender for the playoffs!""


Me now: :/"
"Ok, can we just end this trash Pittsburgh game and get to our coverage?"
HELL YEAH CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS!
I'm so afraid of todays match and not because of the match up but because of all the injuries around the league. Like people dropping all over the place smh
I love being in the zone for the game this week and not having to jump through ten hoops to watch the game.
How are y'all watching the game? Any streaming services?
It is really good to hear Kevin Harlan
Purple and White is such a sexy combo
"in other news, herbert is starting"
Here we go
"Hey, do you guys think Mark Andrews will be a Raven long term? (To buy or not buy a jersey)"
Good 3 and out there
3 and out baby!
Imagine punting on 4th & 1.
We suck at sweeps
Let’s fucking go
Get a turnover and get that momentum going
"Alright, we can just start the game for real now"
Time to wake up guys...
"cmonnnn Tavon down, nooooo"
And hes gone again
"FUCK

At least he’s walking"
"Oh no, another injury :("
Oh Tavon :(
Fuck tavon young hurt again
"Oof, that definitely popped out slightly"
"Call Ed Reed. I know he's bored and not doing anything right now. For old times sake, Ed."
Dude if he is injured again idk how we can keep him next year
"Knee sprain? Lets hope, be strong Tavon :("
Tavon Young is injured again god fucking damnit this guy is so frustrating to root for.
Maybe tavon will be ok
"Ok. I'll admit it. Through 1 game plus a quarter, I was wrong about Queen. Dude is a stud and I can't wait to see him develop."
YAS QUEEN
QUEEN KEPT FIGHTING
">DT Brandon Williams is dressed, but backup Justin Ellis started the drive and just went out for Derek Wolfe. Something to watch. - @jonas_shaffer"
Anyway I can watch the game without getting DMCA notice? My mom got one for last weeks game and it freaked her out lol.
Where was the protection?   (I like JJ Watt except NOW)
Who remembers 2013 when we were literally ecstatic for first downs
Terrible play
That guy with cleats same color as the ball got me excited for no reason
Lol are we gonna run the ball?
"I hate the head to head flag, but how was that not a penalty?"
NICE block by boykin
"Guys we will adjust, remember last year when we played them?"
rUn ThE bAlL
Guys.  Its the first quarter.  Calm. Down.
That was a good throw
"Fuck it, throw it to Andrews every play. No one can stop him."
"lol he did not need to hurdle at all though, just go around"
The CBS broadcast is fuckin awful. We keep missing the start of plays.
Where tf is our O-Line?
Boykin again!
Looks like Boykin might have a day
Alrighty... I am scared as shit 😂
Big first down!
We're rolling now
Dobbins? Ingram? Gus?
The way Lamar throws is art
Well at least doubtful means it’s probally a knee sprain and he’ll be back at some point.
We don’t run the ball anymore apparently
O LINE GIVE LAMAR A SECOND PLZ
Pound the rock
"I get so worried when Lamar runs lol, I feel like his mother."
Lamar i Iove you
"Roby is out there headhunting wtf, every single tackle he's going headfirst like Shazier"
Holy fuck free rusher on every play
Why is Hollywood in the backfield?
got tipped i think
Flat
"Take your points, brick by brick"
Jesus fuck
Bruh
just a nice job my deshaun. he's a more likeable big ben.
I miss Suggs
"It's one thing to get outran by Watson, but to get stiff-armed by him? Come on lol"
Ravens D  just got Lamar'd.
"Gotta be honest, that was impressive"
He's greased up with oil and butter
"Gotta get him down, but honestly that kind of pressure, no matter how experienced Watson is, has to rattle him on some level."
"Can't believe he wasn't whistled down, I think Ward let go."
Queen is the smart one and not going for the kill to make him throw it out
how tf did we let him go lmao
fuck lmao Watson is legit
Gotta stop this here
Fuck off the field fuckers
lol I love our guys but he made us look silly there.
bruh did they just call Elliot a Corner?
Any known streams for the out of towner's??
"I get Watson is slippery but damn, dude. Tackle the man! You practice against Lamar!"
Big oof
What call was that
Bob things
FUCK YEAH
Bill O'Brien gonna Bill O'Brien
D is playing their asses off. We aren't sacking but the pressure is for sure getting there. DBs doing the damn thang too
And this is when we pile on. That was a mistake.
Wasn’t Queen I don’t think
Fucking Bowser got thrown like a toddler 😂 that is not how you get the big money extension
"What in the fuck was that call?! I mean, go Ravens, but damn. So dumb."
Wink def knew they were gonna go for it and took the timeout
Great screen play
nice set up on the screen
Lamar is throwing darts!
"Interesting to see if Dobbins gets the touch here at the 1.

edit: gus bus"
Man I thought he was gonna get there
Boyle looked so dejected that he didn’t get in
TOUCHDOWN RICARD!!
Ricard making up for last week
TOUCHDOWN RAVENS!
Cool.
JuSt RuN tHe BaLl
Solid drive Lamar throwing lasers
yoooooooooo
WHAT A CATCH DAMN SON
Thank you BOB
Richard is Dat Boi.
Damn.  Akins a big dude
"Come on, defense! Work hard to get Lamar the ball back!"
"Wake me up when the playoffs start, this scrub Watson won’t be there"
A moving pre-snap defense will typically be a good one. Add the talent in and you’ve got a great defense
Whose the person out there responsible for coming up with m words to rhyme?
Where tf was Marlon running
Llama looks sad 😔
fuck
"FFS you gotta get ahead of that throw, they just got 36 yds"
Wake up D!
Come on let’s get a TO
This is bullshit
Fells is killing us.
ugh no thnk u
Okay yea that definitely should’ve been an ineligible man downfield
Defense forgot how to defense
I miss Tavon already 😔
Baker belongs in a book club.
Levine out of his depth back to back. He should only be a special teams player.
Mark Andrews time
Can anyone comment on how the chiefs are looking?
was that Duvernay's first career catch?
Jackson is such a pimp
Who gets ball at halftime?
"Looks like this year Lamar is going to be much more of a passer than runner.

More practical but not going to lie I’m going to miss the nutty rushing attack."
Coaching adjustment - Lamar doesn't always have his mouth guard in when he's handing it off. Defense can easily key on that.
Hollywood!!
"Nice catch, Tuck!"
"we need some trick plays to get Tucker in at wr. 


/s odviously"
HOLLYWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Lol Justin Tucker the legend
##HOLLYWOOD
"HOLLYWOOD.

Massive first down! We need a touchdown here."
I get the feeling they wanted Ingram as the vet to be the primary ball carrier against a Texans D line led by Watt and out for some revenge from last year.
Am I the only one noticing Mark Ingram being open asf on those fake runs where he goes short to the side????? Like why not even try that
"Fun fact, I still have to mute the TV when JT kicks. I know he’s Mr. Automatic, but I’m still scarred for life from Hauschka (sp?) and Cundiff"
"lol, Fox for Cards-WFT just called Watson vs Jackson an NFC showdown."
"I don’t understand why Dobbins hasn’t been in more, he looked good last week. I hope they get him involved in the second half"
Fuck I love Marlon he’s always forcing fumbles
Harbs had the red flag in his hand. Challenge coming up?
OH LORT LJ FORT
#FRUIT PUNCH
MARLON HUMPREY PERFECTED THE PEANUT PUNCH
Of course it was Humphrey who punched it out!!
Punch Master Marlo
Hold that ball tight when Humphrey is around!!
Looked like he got in
HOLY SHIT!!!!???!!!
Snowball is about to get extra snacks tonight!!!!
"Aaaaand. HE'S SHORT BY A YARD! Damn, Kevin"
Whats under review?  To see if its a touchdown?
Td
Yo that Wendy’s pretzel burger looks sus
Can someone explain the fruit punch to me apparently I missed a meme
BLANKET FORT
Ok everyone take a breath now. We got this.
More good news: Chiefs are getting cooked by Justin Herbert
💜🖤💜🖤
building the fort in the end zone
We’re taking no prisoners
"I’m glad that we’re getting the train going, but can we just appreciate that it wasn’t Dan Fouts that was officiating when this happened?"
Buy Von Miller for the low EDC
We gotta knock Watson on his ass
Charles Tillman looks at Humph highlights and probably smiles
Fucking Peters.
YOOO
[All-Pro punch out by @marlon_humphrey 😈 - @Ravens](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EiY4RxjXcAAOLyp.jpg)
#MP JUICEMANNNNNNN
MP JUICEMAN
**MP JUICE MAN**
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHH!
MP FUCKING JUICEMAN!!!!
My god is that clean!?!?!?!
WHAT A PICK
ODELL IN SHAMBLES JUST GOT SHIVERS DOWN HIS DANG SPINE.
The defense has finally woken up haha
I might cry guys
Y'all thirsty? Have a damn JUICE BOX!
Get that sorry offense off the field!
What a fucking catch by MP juice man! Most receivers couldn’t make that catch
Ravens need to PAY Lamar.
That. Was. Incredible.
Marcus Peters is a fucking hawk
What a pick!!!!
Holy shit
I wanna see hollywood in open space more
STUNTIN ON THESE HOES
MP JUICEMAN!!! LET'S GO OUT THERE AND GET A TD BEFORE THE HALF
Woooooo
WHAT A FUCKING PICK
PICK 6 SHAWTY!!
Our defense may not be our all time best but it is fun as fuck
Score here then get the ball first in the 2nd half.
Watson tried to break that tablet
MP JUICE MAN
PETERSSSSSS
Hey Deshaun! We ain’t the fucking Chiefs! You ain’t throwing that shit easy on us!
Watt's just damn good.
Too many sacks smh
I know it's JJ but OBJ is getting burned.
QB1 is pissed at that line
"J.J. Watt is great when healthy, Lamar Jackson is not bad for a runningback.... tell me something I didnt know."
Orlando Brown is getting bullied
"Where is Jackson's protection? Dang, JJ Watt is good.  And handsome."
JJ Watt is good relax guys
AGAIN! WTF
"Fuck I'm filthy with our oline. Weak, weak, weak."
My god this oline lmao
I'm cri
At least we get the ball back at half
Man our OL is struggling today
"LMAO pathetic protection.

Gotta call faster routes if they can't protect Lamar better than this."
Please stay healthy
Greg Roman forgot his specialty is running the ball.
They are pinning their ears back. Need to call a screen pass or draw to ease that pressure
FUCKING FINALLY
"it's okay to miss watson once, he's crazy slippery. just stay on him."
"if the oline showed up today, we'd be up like 30"
Where's Jimmy Smith? I hate having Averett out there
"The O-Line has been atrocious, but god bless Lamar and understanding that he can’t give the ball away."
"DEFENSIVE

ROOKIE

OF

THE

YEAR"
Bruh how we about to let Watson do this and get momentum going into half.
Averett more like ayy catch it
Anthony come on man
Very nice sack
"Get Averett outta there, dude is a liability"
Please let that flag be on Houston
"They're blitzing every play, just start calling screens until they soften up"
averett is not very good man
You would never guess Averett is a former Alabama DB by looking at his play in the NFL
What the ever loving fuck was that bullshit
"So....it's still 20-7. Right?

😑"
"Damn, only up 10 with a fumble return td and pick."
Put in Mekari or somebody on the line we need some stability there
"We made good adjustments at the half last week, let’s hope we do here."
Why we passing so much? Where's the run game?
"Up 10 at the half despite a shakey Oline/Run game play, and we get the ball back? All is good"
Definitely too much passing in the first half as well. We got 3 good backs gotta get them involved.
Fuck off refs
Refball
Wtf was that call?
Can't show the replay because nothing happened
Did they start pumping in crowd noise this half
"Today, our kicker became a WR and one of our WRs became a TE"
Gus Bus!
BEEP BEEP IT'S THE BUS
The Gus Bus has NO brakes!
Y’all weren’t ready for the BUS
So whats going on with Dobbins? Doghouse? Injury in Pregame? He had gotten 0 touches
Best this century 😎
We finally seem to be getting the running game going
DOBBINS
Holy Ray Rice Deja vu
i see ray rice
THERE'S DOBBINS
"Way to get us a first down, Dobbins!"
He looks so much like Rice
Dobbins is special yall
He wasn’t even looking at the ball
dobbins using that rice arm
Just had a realization about our time of possession on this drive. Unreal.
It's nice having ray rice back
"This drive has officially taken half the quarter.

Let's end it right, boys."
OL....geez man.
Jesus Christ line
Philips is killing us at RG
No PI??
Oof that was close
HOLY SHIT TUCKER. GOT ME WORRIED
I get we are up but this o line is really sad today
"Nailed It!  

&#x200B;

47-Yd Field Goal for Tucker"
Man what is up with our o line!?!
Tucker playing with us lol
Phillips is fucking shit
Oline is worse than dogshit
Bozeman is our best lineman at the moment (Stanley a close second) and that makes me suuuuper nervous
Lamar needs to throw it to the check down  . It might be a difficult throw but it’s the only option
cmon defense step up and get the ball back!
fuck yes
"Brought the house, and it fell on Watson like the Wicked Witch."
"B-Will getting pressure, I see you big boy!"
Bowser has been amazing so far
Watson is so good jesus
That was a good throw.
Averett sucks
WHAT THE FUCK
We can’t do better than Averett?  God damn that mother fucker sucks
Oof. Amazing pressure. But Averett not quite there.
That was a fucking beautiful pass
I’m so sad about Tavon
Lol
Has Hump even allowed a completion?
"Line needs to get better at picking up their assignments.

I know yanda is gone but this has been an inexcusable amount of missed blitzers."
Can Watson not set his feet and throw anymore? He does that high-school jump pass even when there's no pressure lol
"I know we have a 10 pt lead but it just doesn't feel like it bc we can barely stop the pass and the o line can't pass block to save their lives. And before you ask - no, I'm not a bandwagon fan from last year."
We need a touchdown
Houston’s wr corps is all-in on blazing fast #2’s lol
Get 6 sirs
Points or bust on this drive
Any news on Tavon?
"If you ignore the fact we are up and only look at the bad plays, we are playing god awful. /s"
Own td game over
Is there a way we can run the clock for 14:10?
SNEAD!!
NEED4SNEAD
GOOD JOB SNEAD
Nice to see the Ravens having multiple receivers with decent hands
remember that flacco era game where jj watt basically singlehandedly destroyed us? i can't remember the specific year.
"Man, JJ Watt has been an absolute beast today"
i really don’t care for plays to ricard
GO FOR IT!!!
Going through his reads.
Get em!
go for it
Hell yeah coach let’s go for it
WHAT A CALL!!!!!!!!!
#INGRAM YASSSSS
"LETS GOO

I have no idea what happened on that play BUT LETS GO"
NUT
G for it
BIG BOI
HOLY FUCK LETS FUCKING GO!!!
4 and 1 TD Letsss Goooo
Oh FUCK YEA!!!
Line did their job there nicely
"BIG BOY

NO LITTLE BOY"
BIG FUCKIN TRUSS
Wow.  I'm going to need to see that a few more times.
BIG BOI NO LIL BOI
BIG TRUZZZZ
W I L D C A T
YEEAH BABYYY
Truzzzzzz
MARK INGRAM 4TH DOWN TOUCHDOWN!!! LET'S FUCKING GOO
Little shot of our boy Hill there.
OH HELL YEAH!!!!
Fuck yeah boys and girls!
Dick hard
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!
This fuckin team man. Man United and the Thunder suck right now but the Ravens are giving me LIFE
Chiefs about to drop an **L**
There goes our offense big truss wooo wooooo
Not sure I’ve ever seen a play blocked that well.
Thank you thank you thank you
Anyone just see that dropped pass in the KC game? Lol
Clay Matthews had 8 sacks and is still a FA @EDC
I feel like there’s a decent amount of holding not getting called
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT
Another sack!!!
Theres the sack
JOKER
JOKER SZN
There we go DeShon!!
Finally starting to feel good about this game (Pls football god don't jinx us)
Let's eat some clock.
"Lol, KC is not taking that L."
Boyle gives up on blocks so fast
Amazing tackle stopped a touchdown
What a freaking tackle. I thought he was gone.
Jackson had the whole outside and ran straight into the defender
Kinda disappointed that we didn't take that to the house lmao.
"Well, at least we're still terrible when it comes to challenges."
Yo again I ask where can I get that neck gaiter Harbaugh is wearing?
Good win obv but you gotta feel bad for the wasted talent in Houston
"Fake punt.  Sam Koch TD pass.  

I'll buy a Koch jersey immediately."
I feel like Stanley not having a good game....is this true?
Gus Bus is sneaky big
"I gotta say, Edwards looks a heck of a lot more explosive than Ingram so far this year."
GUS THE BUS
I heard Gus was once called the Bus.
Damn Gus Bus is fucking doing it today
Gus is going to get paid next year.
Gus Bus> Jerome Bettis
THE BUS LOST ITS BRAKES
RUN UP THE SCORE ON THEM
"you know what's an improvement, last season lamar had trouble keeping an eye on the play clock, but this year, he seems to be in complete control."
Boze on that play tho 😳
Gus is so damn talented. I hope we don’t trade him
These timeouts.... yikes
Lets see JK run it down their throat!
"Still think Gus should be our 1. I love Ingram, but Gus is my man."
Jk in the doghouse for something. What he do?
Chargers up 3
Lets get Lamar another passing TD
lamar jackson TD coming up
running out of bounds Lamar?  hmm.
"Also I was thinking this earlier, I don’t think JK quite knows the playbook yet and that’s why he’s not playing as much. But I’m just guessing"
Props to the texans LB’s they’ve been keeping up with lamar for the most part.
Why we extending the game lol run up the middle lol
"This was a gutsy win, but our blocks were so low-effort"
Today was a good day to have Tucker on your Fantasy team.
Rg3 time?
Anyone else just get a big ass smile looking at Lamar on the sideline?
GG GUYS LETS GOOO
Remember when people in here were just saying how our defensive pressure is awful?
Dayum
Lol we really out here adding insult to injury like this? 😂
"43 yards from 3rd string rb, yes please!"
glad we came out of this game with a W and mostly healthy.
This is tough for Houston. They haven't looked that bad these last two weeks but they seem like they have no heart left. Two games back in the division already too.
oof not gonna be able to physically watch the game next week gonna have to listen on 98 rock dont have ESPN anymore
LET'S GOOOO 2-0
lol game over!
Chargers/Chiefs likely going to OT (if the Chiefs don't win outright).
Can we make sad Texans a new meme?
LOL he really called a punt there huh
The crowd noise in this LA game is annoying. Like an annoying constant buzz
Our oline is straight trash
If Lamar made that pass his haters wouldn't shut up 🤣
Tavon injured? What else is new.
We aren't playing particularly well today. Guess I'm spoilt by our great play in the Lamar era.
"Laughably bad play calling here.  Yes, our line is bad and will offer no protection, so why aren't we dialing up a short pass or a draw?"
Dobbins needs to block
"Another day, another Tavon on IR"
Whelp there goes Tayvon Young
I'm pretty sure Tavon just ended his career. I really hope I'm wrong.
Holy shit we look like ass today.  Andrews is the only consistent player
Lamar is carrying us rn lol goodness
Is the field super shitty? Lamar keeps slipping.
"I know deshaun is good, but you have to get a sack there. Embarrassing"
Lmao tucker!!!
Tucker is a new WR
Put tucker at WR!
“Judon is getting close though” -someone who told me Clowney sucks cause he doesn’t get sacks
Now our OBJ is acting like a homegirl.
Time for Fluker at RG
The next Texans completetion raven's reddit is going to call for Bisciotti to sell the team
Amazing how these announcers really forget about the person who got this mobile QB trend started with Cam.
Do not go for it if we don’t get it.
Miles Boykin is such a good blocker
“Best in the league”???
Averett is fucking trash. What the fuck was that
Tavon’s just going to be one of those guys isn’t he? Fuck.
Can we trade for JJ Watt at halftime?
Online is having a hard time yes but it seems lamar is picking the wrong of the two holes every single time which is extremely uncommon.  Though no real blame on him considering he usually Always picks the right hole.
"Didn't get promoted?? BUY A CAR!! 

WE DEFINITELY CARE ABOUT WOMEN AMIRITE FELLAS?"
Well that was flat
Come-on rookie! you got to make that block
"First drive - Lamar scrambled during a 3 man rush. He usually stays patient at that point. 

2nd down play reminded me of the bills game."
Come on Matt. Gotta make that play.
Tavon is made of fucking glass man..
Every fucking year. Poor guy
Mahomes playing like shit today.
Mahomes is 2/8 for 14 yards after 1 quarter? I mean they'll almost certainly still win but that is pretty wild.
"The Texans are going to gain some yardage but make no mistake, there is absolutely nothing there for them right now anywhere on the field. This is some vintage ravens defense so far."
TUCKER
Damn. First bad pass from Lamar.
Seriously.  Fuck this week.
Fuck our o-line is terrible
Extremely lucky to be up by 13 now
Temper tantrum!
"Well, just make the ref fumble and they’ll add time for you"
"The defense ended the half with a penalty filled choke job, think the same thing happened last week but we escaped without giving up anything"
I’ve seen a lot of BS officiating in my life but giving time back to the opposing team so that they have enough time for a fg? That’s beyond ridiculous
Dude was open.
Shit coverage by Queen
Why the hell was Queen playing at corner?
Was nervously waiting for a flag there on Marlon
"I never watch broadcast TV except during football season.  Damn, these commercials suck.  Even worse during an election year."
Imma need Mandrews to go off these next 7 minutes to hel my fantasy team
That was so risky
##Put Gus Edwards in the Ring of Honor
"Props to the Oline, they're winning the battle when they know what's coming."
"There's no reason for Lamar to carry, let alone go out of bounds there."
Take 3.
Run up the score plz
Ferguson can’t even get off a running back bro
imma be honest... don’t flame me fellas... I think Baker’s commercials are funny.
This play calling is trash
"Honestly. It's not ""spoiled"" or ""annoying"" for wanting to have the team mix up the plays. Use the running backs we have. They can help"
Mahomes will eat this secondary alive. We're going to have to blitz 6 the whole game.
Broncos 👀
Please broncos 👀
steelers bout to lose to a back jeff driskel
I really hope this game finishes before our game starts
At least theres no way for this game to go into OT
Still not over
will the Steelers play against real football teams this year besides us?
Man this game sucks I can't wait for Lamar to put 60 on the Steelers. FTS.
Broncos choking again 🤦🏽‍♂️
Fuck
"Every time I see a score that shows the underdog making a game interesting, literally within two minutes of me turning the game on, they fucking tank and do something stupid."
Had to switch over to the Washington game. Really can’t sit through this Steelers game until ours starts
Ravens game day boys. Let’s go!!
Damn Steelers always getting lucky against awful teams.
I’m watching Sunday ticket. Where’s the game?
Oh yes Harlan is commentating Im so happy
Texans won and elected to receive- they know if they give the ball to Lamar to start they’ve got no chance.
All the homies LOVE Kevin Harlan
We are off
LETS GO
BOW SHIT !!! HOL UP ! MOVIE
did CBS fuck up and not show us the first 2 plays
Nice 3 and out to start D.
PUNT
3 and out!
HELL YEA JIMMY
Smith did his job there.  Nice.
Nicely done Defense!
Harrison is already starting? Wow thats crazy!
I love it when teams receive first
"R A V E N S 

RAVENS!!!"
"whats up my dudes, couldn't watch last week so this is my kickoff today

and to make it all better, it's kevin harlan on the call

lets fucking go!!!"
F***
LET'S GO D
No tavon
Jesus christ man
"Tavon again, oh no."
Oh God no Tavon
Welp
Tavon pls
Goddammit tavon
thats not ideal
Oooph bad landing
FUCK
🙃🙃🙃
FUCK
"That did not look good - gotta feel for Tavon man. Second year in a row. What a terrible day for injuries, but not a good way to start."
What even happened there?
what a surprise
Hopefully it's just a knee sprain
The falcons are having the hardest 28-3 flashbacks right now
"Fuck man, was so excited to see him play this year w/ MP and marlo"
Id rather see Jimmy outside now and Marlon in the slot
watson does have good escapability. that was nice pursuit.
"Good pressure there, and nice play by Queen"
Good DEFENSE!
Good job D
PUNT
LFG
Finally they got him down
"Not a sack, but I'll take pressures all day, everyday."
Hope my dude Young is good. Wearing his jersey that I never wear too much and of course :(
Ok shake off the last drive and get some momentum here
I like how we've already touched the qb more than we did last week.
Come on guys  you need to have faith. Have faith in my bobby
Let's fucking do something now
Ditched my wife making Halloween decorations to watch the game.  Im in trouble.  But don't care
Watt is just good.
What the fuck offense??
78 you awake??
Run the ducking ball
\#FFS WE GOTTA PROTECT LAMAR
MANdrews
MANDREWS!
JJ is gonna be disruptive lol
Andrews there we go!
"Nice, but no need for the hurtle there, Mandrews."
Helmet to helmet
handrews do be looking like white drake.
Those first few offensive plays were an hommage to our pre-Lamar days
Gotta love how the Texans PA people accidentally made the fake crowd cheer during a big play for the Ravens haha
Literally zero runs lol
Have we ran the ball at all yet????
The o line is looking like an issue early
Big boy Boykin.
Good play Boykin
God the people in this fucking game thread man. You would think we would be down 21 by the way people are talking
Hell yea Myles
Offensive line needs to wake up
Let’s go Miles!
Run. The. Bal..
Yes Boykin nice slant
How bout our runningbacks take some carries...
Has anyone seen our o line?
"The o-line looks awful, what's going on?"
There he is!!
Now this looks like the ravens offense
Is stunting happening?!
Oof that injury report does not sound good
We rollin now boys. Don't forget the Texans are still a good team
Is Tavon done for the year again? That would be devastating for him
They aint running the ball cause our interior line had some trouble against Cleveland Last week. How ya'll think they will do better against the Texans d-line who is 10x better than Cleveland
>Ravens cornerback Tavon Young (knee) doubtful to return - @AaronWilson_NFL
Damn it.  Need Young
lamar's doing a good job avoiding injuries so far
O-line has been hot shit. Lamar keeping the drive alive every play
Both tackles seem confused
Nice route by Boykin.
Lamar such an escape artist
"Finally seems like the O is getting a rhythm, but it'd be nice to get the backs involved."
What a run
"Shame Lamar got caught there, they faked out Watt real good"
"I like the 3. Definitely wanna see more running plays to our RBs though. Can't complain about the drive though, D is holding it tf down"
Both defenses came to play today
TACKLE!! And damn Watson is strong.
Damn dude I hate those plays lol
"Dang, is DS greased up??"
PUNT!
Sneaky Watson
Credit to our secondary for holding it down through that 3rd down
Are you serious Ward?
We have to finish these tackles guys.
Sack that MF goddamnit!!
Bruh the play clock was on 2 just let it run out
Watson is really good at breaking tackles
Watson just too strong?? lol
So this is what other teams feel
FUCK YEAH
Want that face covering Harbs has. Anyone know if it's for sale?
#DEFENSE
Thank you very much
Horrible call by Texans
LET'S GOOOOOOOOO!
thats embarrassing
AW YISS. MOTHER.FUCKING. ##PRESSURE
Queeeeeeen
Lmaooooo
LFG
GET YOUR FUCKING WEAK SHIT OUTTA HERE!!!
Let’s get a TD here
RECEP-BACK
Oh yeah I like that
Ingram took a hell of a shot and didnt even flinch.
Haven't seen a screen in years
"Goes for it on 4th down in their own territory and doesn't get the first...

*The connection to your peer has been lost.*"
Reminder. We were only up by one score at the end of the first quarter of last year’s Texans game. Then we feasted.
Wasn't our score something like this after q1 against Texans last year?
"That was... a strange move by BoB. No fans, low energy, 3-0 game. You just manufactured energy for the Ravens, man! 😂"
Dunn is a big boy
Bozeman block was fire
Bob is glad he has a mask on to hide his red ass face rn
i have it on good authority that greg roman read all of your complaints. tyfys
##yasss screen
Boyle just can't buy a TD
Omg Boyle almost!
I thought that's was 6 for sure
I'll fucking take it
Gotta lead him just little more Llama lol
WE JIVIN NOW
"I’m happy to see Hayden succeed today, but we’re still good without him"
TOUCHDOWNNNNNNNN
Good Work patty
😍😍😍😍
I’ll take it lol
Nice job ric
Juiceman pick 6 plz
RECEP-BACK!
"I say Texans, you say fuck em, Texans"
What's the rule again for blocking kicks? Seemed like a lot of Texans lined up on one side.
Anyone from AZ know why our CBS isn’t showing games today?   It’s three hours of paid programming in place of the game lol
"Come on, D!"
Pass rush needed desperately
Seeing lineman just standing around as a play ends give me war flashbacks to middle school and I love it
Fuck
oof. Marlon abandoned the TE. was he expecting help?
who's man
"Double, awful yuck"
SMH
Fuck
Alright. Get one back
"Ok 

Let’s go"
It's really disappointing that Ferguson or Bowser aren't starters at DE/OLB yet. We need a serious upgrade in those positions.
ibm WATSON hahahahahaha
"Need a touchdown drive here.

Texans are a good team, Watt is back and we're in their house after blowing them out in ours last time."
"Marlon tried to pull a Peters and jump the outside route, ended up handing Fells a first down"
Levine showing why he stays on special teams still after this whole time
Lamar is sharp
Duvernay!
Lamar's throws just look so much more crisp this year.
DUUUUUUUUUU
DUV
Love Devin
Beautiful throw.
Where’s JK
How come our fake hand offs look a lot more fake this season...?
Interesting that we're not trusting them deep yet.
Yeah man it’s not as easy for us to run to the right without yanda.
Jk time
Lol Tuck
I fucking love this team
HOLLYWOOOD
HOLLYWOOD!
That's an easy 26 yards
Hollywood always seems so close to turning those jets on
Holly
🎥🎥🎥
Tucker is automatic
I’ll take those points thank you very much
I wish we were running as much as we were play action(ing)
"Now this might be hard for you all to understand, but JK might not be a good matchup against this d line. Also, he'll be much fresher later when the d is tired"
YESS I STARTED DST
I JUST CREAMED
Just when y’all were losing truss
Hell yeah. Let's punch this one in!
I think he's in
Humphrey the Hammer
I liked that.
That fucking punch
Marlo is that motherfucker
Thanks for the ball Houston
FRUIT PUNCH!
HUMPS GOT THAT PEANUT PUNCH IN HIS BAG!!!!
"LETS GOOOOO. Also, how the hell did they miss that hold on Judon??"
LJ FORT
Oh come on ref give him that td!
That’s a TD baby!
LETSSS FUCKKIIIINN GOOOO
HELL YEAH!! I’M WEARING MY HUMPHREY JERSEY TODAY TOO!
Fuck yea
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Fort TD lets go Fort!!!
Let's go!!!!
Wow I didn't realize Fort fumbled that after the score. Almost pulled a Mosley
Hollywood was gonna let Deshaun eat shit into the bench lmao
HOLY SHIT MP JUICEMANNNN
What a grab by Peters!!
FUCKING PETERS!!!!!!
great catch
That shit was beautiful
What an INT!!
HOLY SHIT that pick
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
You love to see it!
that was a beautiful catch by Peters
 Peters!!!
That was an incredible dive!
MP JUICE MAN!!!!!!!
I love our secondary :'-)
MP JUICE MAN!
Now we gotta game goin
Announcer should know it doesn’t matter if it touches the ground as long as he’s in control of it when it does
Fuck he could have been a wr lol
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
I’m just picking up on it
What's up with the lack of deep play attempts? Is it because of the amount of pressure Lamar is under?
Can we get some fucking protection for Lamar? Please?
"Jimmy’s turn, please?"
"Watts still got it, dang"
F***
Can we actually protect Lamar?????
Watson looks like he wants to end it all lmao
Why aren't we running the ball?
We're making the plays but the Texans are manhandling some guys out there. A lot more physical.
Fuck
Rare bad play
He looks OK
Holy shit... bad goes to worse.
Not stanley...again.
Please be okay Stanley. We need you
No reason to call such a play on offense. You know our o line can’t hang on for more than a few seconds so there’s very little chance our WRs can run a longer route. Need quick hits not long slow developing pass plays come on
Stanley doesn’t look too distraught
Alright defense no points let’s go to the half
Roman needs to play all to their strengths. Gun the whole game.
Wouldn’t a pick 6 be fun here?
Terribly managed drive there. That was a chance to really put the Texans up against it.
Such a weird game
Anyone got any O-Line players for a 5th rounder?
This new overly pass happy play calling along with our struggling OL is really pissing me off now
"Oh, yeah we can get sacks too, baby!"
Shocked that we were actually able to tackle watson there
There's the sack we needed!
QUEEN
Bowser deserves a contract extension over Judon so far
I got excited for a sack but nvvm
"Judon needs to break down and tackle, he keeps diving and wiffing"
Bs call
QUEEEEEEEEN
Averette is bbq chicken
Ofc a convenient penalty
Can we fucking tackle? Jesus Christ
Defense shitting the bed now...
Home game clock operator is friendly
Nice referee escort on this drive
"Okay, ref. What are you seeing? 😂"
What’s the noise I hear in the broadcast?  I thought they weren’t pumping crowd noise at the stadium.
"Put Jimmy on the outside man, this is why we signed him"
"We just rushed 2, wtf?"
We need to chill tf out
What in tarnation
We adjust and get the ball back next half. We're still up two scores people
"As long as the line play is cleaned up next half, we should be fine"
"6 point swing cause of that sack. Oh well, still in good position."
This is defensive battle imo neither of our lines are holding up.
Chest pain? WTF is that lol
"Not apart of the local market and the CBS game for my area is the chiefs game. Fuck me I guess. 

How is the game so far"
What is pollards beef?
"Damn, that Washington/Cardinals game is speeding! They're already 5 minutes into the 3rd quarter."
We knew oline would not be the same without Yanda
Stanley is hurt and looks like it and Brown jr. Is getting embarrassed by Watt. We need to do something.
omg bullshit flag
🙄
great job Boykin
Boykin TE?
"""Boykin the tight end"""
Wait Boykin is a tight end?
boykin just chilling where he needed to inbetween
Did Boykin play TE in college?
There is a reason they keep calling pass. They aren’t able to get enough push on Oline.
GUS BUS!
Where is Dobbins?
Nice run gus
Let’s get the Bus chugging baby
THA WHEELS ON THA BUS GO ROUND AND ROUND
THE GUS BUS ROLLS
Da busss
Love Boykin ❤️😩
GUS BUS let's get that run game going!
Lamar has been deadly with his voice today
Now we running
Dobbins might not be a strong blocker yet
Keep Gus in over Mark rn if we’re just gonna act like JK doesn’t exist lol
"Gus is a beast for bit DLs.

Even if JK is an everydown back I love rotating power and speed backs"
I love Seeing Gus getting physical
JK!!!
That was some terrible blocking lol
JK!!
JK Rolling
Dobbins you fucking stallion.
I like that Dobbins
Love that second effort by dobbins
"Dobbins giving me Ray Rice flashbacks

Get JK'D"
Looked like Ray rice
Dobbins has received a target from his coach. Dobbins is a free RB!
AMAZING PLAY BY DOBBINS
Dobbins fresh in the second half.  Let's get it
jk had has  the hand like ray
"Orlando Brown, I love you man but you are getting eaten alive against Watt today..."
Fucking oline
**UGH O-LINE**
Obj is getting worked.
"I want to see an option play with Llama, Dobbins, BUS, Ingram, and (fuck it, why not) RG3."
Can our OL block?
"Where is our o-line today? Texans D is not good, yet we are getting manhandled"
Really not liking our O-line play
Kinda fucked up that you can’t challenge a no-call
"Damn, you could see the shadow of the ball on the goal post as it passed. Hard to get closer than that without hitting. Still the GOAT"
"Man I miss Yanda. His presence made the two guys next to him better, and it's showing these first two games."
Dont think Phillips was as ready as Harbs thought he was. Skura is playing slightly scared it looks like which is to be expected coming off such a serious injury. Bozemen has held up decently though.
Start Fluker and start Dobbins.
Lamar ran straight into that sack. Phillips picked up the stunt pretty well tbh. Still unsure about him  but that one wasn't a miss
Come on D make a play! We need yall
Eww Ray look creepy af in that pic lol
13 pt lead not bad
Come on defense tighten up
there we go
nice!!
BIG BABY
That tackle holy cow
Nice tackle Averette!
"Thank god we sacked him, Cooks was wide open"
SACK
"Yeah, both of these o-lines are trash today"
23 powned
What the hell did Watson do to piss off his own Center this much?
Jesus Christ deshaun is a beast.
How
That was a great play god damn
Nvm lol
How did that throw arrive?
Come on man
I thought that one was PI
This ad is worse than The Champ is Here. Very 2020
"We need to rally back on offense next drive. Go down field, take time off and score a TD. Field goals will win it but we want to win with confidence!"
Stills smiling at humphrey like he even came close to catching it
Need a stop here. Defense needs to show some fire.
Goddamn it Calais
Nice hold
"We drained 15 minutes of game and kept the margin 10.

I consider this an absolute win."
Noice
This is the way.
"Run the ball, convert with Mandrews on third. Get it done! Letssssss gooooooo!!"
"That, right there, helping up the opponent, is what makes Lamar Jackson an awesome human."
Willie pinballing through the D
SNEEAAAAD
Slippery as a rain drop!
Watt is definitely showing up today
I'm so conflicted. These are two great plays but they are moving down the field faster than my fatass when it's meal time
I want 2 td passes by lamar
Gus is freaking unstoppable
Fuck it go for it
Damn I wish we had a big physical WR like Boldin used to be.
OMG YES
Mark ingram or Lamar jackson? I can't tell
"And this, too, is the way."
BOOM!!!
INGRAM!!!!!
WHAT A PLAY CALL!!!
Let’s goooooooo. Dagger!
Let's fucking gooooo
God I love Mark Ingram!
NO LIO BOI
FUCK YEAH!
I was questioning not getting 3 there but lol @ me.  That was awesome.
30 YARDZ BABY!  Biggg TRUZZZZZZ
THATS BALL GAME BIG BOI!
Mark Mf Ingram!!
HAHAHA FUCK YES INGRAM STILL GOT IT
**INGRAM**
YESSIR
LMAOOOOOOO
Drink to that my brothers!! We can relax now
"What a call, thank the football gods it worked or it wouldve been a terrible call. Am I right boys?"
DER D
Holy shit one of our lineman got their ass handed to them on that last play.
"Make em work for it D, nothing fast"
Ughhhhhh.... this what yall dont need
Is it me or is Ward getting no push on that left side?
Elliot is the enforcer out there.
Cmon defense game ain’t over yet
Not sure if Texans looking good on offense or our defense not on point
I hate this prevent d we're playing
That was actually a really good route by Cobb
Is tht a humphrey sack?
Gotcha!
Deshon szn
I’m glad we’re getting to play a game this physical and seemingly close. Defense needs to fight through the rest of this quarter.
LET'S GET THAT SCORE. GO RAVENS
I really enjoyed the Ingram TD with Lamar at WR and a RB at QB
"Ah, here comes the Pat Mahomes comeback"
I need some GUS in the 4th quarter.
[deleted]
How is Mahomes so good
Chiefs looking at our game so they gotta come back lol
Great stuff. That Ingram run was chef’s kiss
That would have been six if it wasn't for that tackle.
is Jah Reid available?
Damn Mahomes that was a crazy pass
Just no reason for designed Lamar runs in the fourth quarter up 14.
That's a FIRST! WTF REFS!!!
Go for it!
"saved the touchdown

daaamn"
Fuckin Mark needs to finish that block
Send it
Seriously
Big truss here on this call.
I haven't been watching but I assume Herbert's been balling
"If it ends up being short, I don’t think it’s a good idea to go for it even though we’ve been very successful in the past."
Let’s go for it coach!
Challenges make me anxious
Ez
Was that ball game?
WFT coming back a little~
Gus is so fucking good
This dudes got balls the size of Texas
KC roughs the passer on a 3rd down play where it was an incomplete pass
Wind that clock!
is Ingram not fit to play?
They have hardly played Dobbins today
Guys the Bus!!!
Boykin blocking downfield is awesome. Kid is the unsung hero of this run game.
GUS BUS
Gus for MVP
"chill edwards, i can only get so hard"
"fuck it let's see a strike into the endzone here, Brown or Andrews"
Ejection!
Was that #90s second ?
Did the Chargers bench Tyrod for Herbert?
"Gimmie another Lamar TD for fantasy purposes. Would prefer rushing but will settle for passing, I'm not fussy!"
Somebody stay in bounds
Buried
CHUCK
"Ugh, that's Kevin Harlin. He's totally obsessed with me 😏"
"Fuck it -- play action Lamar to Hollywood touchdown!

.../s. Kind of."
Texans quit on themselves
somehow chargers let Mahomes scramble for 21 when they needed 20.
GOOD JOB TEAM
Tavon Young likely out for season...
Few bad plays and we trash again. GTFO fake ass fans.
O-Line needs to get their shit together man. We should be up 27 or 23-7.
"Guys, it’s one bad drive. Reeeelax"
And Tavon might have torn his ACL again.   Another sacrifice to this Bloody Sunday in the NFL.
Not sure why we’ve completely abandoned the run. Ingram and Dobbins just not getting any touches on two drives already
Trash ass offensive line
Blatant fixing by the refs there.
RGIII has the best smile
I don’t think people realise how good Texans D is. We can’t be super human all the time.
I told you guys o-line was gonna struggle. Those of you who downvoted me owe me money.
Just bench Lamar too risky to play him this week. Everyone's going down
pls run the ball
"Trash first drive ,"
"Some guys just have awful luck. Plays in 2nd game since 2018, gets injured again and it doesn't look good."
"Young injured again, big fuckin surprise"
"Dude, Andrews needs to stop jumping."
Just protect the ball pls Lamar
Might want to consider shuffling up the o-line. Looks terrible
"Texans are such a dangerous team. Glad we took the points there but... dang, a TD would've felt great there."
We left our tackling at home
Thanks BoB
Not looking great
Elliot looks slow there
"Where are our corners? This should be an easy strap up man coverage kind of day by Marcus, Marlo, and Jimmy"
I'm really starting to hate the fake crowd noise about as much as I do laugh tracks on network sitcoms.
"LaMaR cAn'T tHrOw

-haters"
Hot Take. Duv is going to be our next Jacoby.
Nice catch by tucker
Nice pass to Tuck
"Put Tucker in, he'll get a td"
I feel like the offense is being too cute rn
"Two possession game after the refs gifting them 3, lmao keep helping them refs they need it"
Hope our O-line shows up for the second half...
Y’all need to settle down lol. The world isn’t going to explode if we don’t score 3 touchdowns per quarter
Everyone is blaming the OL for that sack. That sack isn't the OL's fault.
They’re just driving up and down the field smh
"This game is far from over, especially if they stay uptempo and we play prevent or some nonsense."
Excellent block by Bozeman!!
GO FOR IT
Run the fucking score up fuck RG3 lol
I hate when lamar takes knee’s because it hurts his rushing stats. Dudes gonna take like 50 knees this year and his ypc average will drop a bunch
why was Queen outside guarding 1 on 1 like that?!?!
I honestly expected more from us. Big ups to the Texans for making us earn it.
"Greg Roman you dumbass you need to run, kill clock, and hit the field goal but no you wasted the turnover and now Stanley is injured"
[deleted]
"Man we could see the makings of a bad Oline in the browns game, but now it's really hurting us against a bad team."
"I'm glad the refs can just give free timeouts whenever they want

NFL hates us cause we love our players and support BLM"
Y’all always gotta complain about something huh
Unpopular opinion but I get a lot of entertainment from some of the content on TikTok I'll be sad to see it go
I could care less what they did before the game. I don’t need a kneeling update every week on what the team did and what anthems they did or did not stand for
"Ugh,  4th down :("
The interior oline is still weak I see
Dammit Tavon Young just can't stay healthy.
He can never stay healthy!!!
Tavon and injuries man
"Well, we resigned Jimmy Smith to a one year prove it kind of veteran deal and he yet again can't make the field.


Correct me if I'm wrong but I think Averrett is in instead."
Another year our return game doesn’t exist lmao
"WHY SRE THEY TRYING TO KILL LAMAR, CALL A FUCKING RUN."
"The o line has regressed so much, what a damn shame"
Llama gonna run out of energy by the 2nd quarter RUN THE DAMN BALL
Ready for dubs for both my Ravens and Lakers today
"I'm sad I have to miss the cards and chiefs game because I'm focusing on ours. But at the same time, we the best, so am I really missing out?"
"i don't hate mahomes, i really like him, but i do hope he lays an egg in his game because why on earth is this not the national game."
TUCKER WITH THE GODLY CATCH
Marlon Punch-free
"This is why you run the ball, to freeze their ends and give yourself 3rd and shorts. The play calling hasn’t been good. This game has been all our defence. Our only td came on a 30 yard field. The offence needs to establish the run, idk why we keep passing on 1st and have given dobbins 0 carries. Last time we abandoned the run like this was the playoff game"
There are going to be problems if they bring this play to Pittsburgh
"We don’t need Yanda, it’s week 2. Chill."
Refs trying to bail out the Texans and make this a game.
We’ve played very sloppy and still are up 20-7. We need to wake up now
Learn to wear a mask you fucking ancient zebra cunt
"Any way we can realistically improve our pass rush this season? Like, who we can trade for or something?"
"Not sure how you make that play with him shoving you like that, blatant pi"
You guys are new to Lamar Jackson if you think this O line punishment is new to him. All that chaos is way too familiar to him.
AVERETT with a good play??
If young is out for a while we really should trade to get someone other than everrett
cant have those mistakes right now. Make a play d
Awful throw
Not good for Lamar.  Stay inbounds.
Man do we have the best 1-2-3 RB lineup in the league or what?
The Gus Bus's gas mileage/battery range just went up.
The bus is just working them right now
GUS BUS....CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS
"Where was Andrews all game, wtf?"
Is Stanley still out? Yall Oline ain't holding it down like normal.
Yooo why is Lamar not bailing out?
"This shit is fucking rigged, FFS!"
Texans are just one good drive from making this a one-score game.
Time for some Texan bbq!
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hey all!  Getting excited and annoyed b/c CBS dc has not switched over yet .
Anyone have a stream link?
Wait is this happening
Will they wait until the squeelers game ends to start ravens game?
Pit lose soon
I need a link to watch the game can someone help me out?
Squealers still blow
I called out of work for this
they gonna finish the steelers game on cbs before they jump over?
anywhere to stream this?
whos got a link bruh im at work
"As a new fan, are the Texans good or is it gonna be another blowout?"
I too am looking forward to a robust game of football
Oooo got the home jerseys on
Ah ok here we go!
"Watch them fake it lmao
Edit. I'm surprised they actually punted it knowing that they have BoB"
"Ahh, yes. Now I get to see what a good team looks like."
LET'S GOOOOO LAMAR. LET'S GO RAVENS!
"Run, run, run the ball."
Let’s get the running attack going again
Those numbers are insane
The fucking zip on that ball.
LFG
LETS GOOOOOOO
It’s weird hearing the NBA 2K guy announcing football
Atta Boyyyykin
Bruhh
28 TDS 1 INT JFC
awful
Are they even pumping in crowd noise? It's so quiet
FUCKKKKKKK
F
Great
Fuck today
Man
Looks serious
It has to be worth something that he didn’t get carted off and got up pretty quick
Well he was due to get injured in the preseason.... so this is par.
The knees are compromised today
Averett is ok
Good stop
Get ready to watch Averett get burned
Queen is a king
"great stop defense, pray for Tavon!"
Queeeeen
Long live the Queen!
Monstars
Hope Young is Ok.
Let’s go O
What's the most important piece on a chessboard?
ProfootballDoc thinks it’s an ACL injury for Tavon https://twitter.com/profootballdoc/status/1307781548364578816?s=21
Lamar scores  2 td in 6 minutes
Are we not allowed to run today?
Ouch
We're getting close to blocking these punts
bad start for the offense
"Ugh, we NEED Ronnie Stanley..."
Not pounding the rock!  The Hell!!!
Nowhere to go on that play
Ugh
One first down. Let's go.
FUCK YES
Lovely block
Mandrews
Man loves to hurdle
Lamar is my dad Andrews is my papa
BEST TE IN THE LEAGUE
I fucking love Mark Andrews
There we go
Anybody got a working stream?
Nice block by Boykin.
Fucking Mandrews
Lmao y'all have lil truzz
I don't get the play calling thus far
Boykin with a man sized block
Bless you Mandrews
That's more fucking like it
Wtg Mandrews. Now let’s run.
RUN THE BALL!!
RUN THE BALL! HARBS!!! >:(
Is ingrim hurt?
Did the rbs suit up today?
How was that Roby hit on Hollywood not a flag for leading with the crown?!?
Andrews really need to watch the hurdling. He's going to get hurt
Mandrews hurdling brings back bad memories
Mama there goes that Mandrews
RUN DAMMIT
I love boykins block there. How come we havent ran the ball a single time except for the sweep? Running backs?!
Uh run the ball bb
O-line looks baaaaaad so far
Roman you are really confusing me here
Wow. What a throw. Also Oline...how about a second or two?
Did not like that landing from Mandrews.  Me no like helmet hitting ground hard.
Isn’t Lonnie Johnson the guy who misspelled his name on his SAT?
MAndrews! Nice block by Boykin too
Are we just passing vs AFC south teams or what?
Beautiful run by Lamar there.
Lamar nice!!
FINALLY A DECENT RUN
Cool.  Cool.  I think they just needed a series to remember that not every team is the the Browns.
Boykin has much improved
"Fuck, Young's done for the day probably"
Ravens marching!
YES Slants to big body receiver finally!!!
FUUUUCK. Poor Tavon
T Young knee problem....no dah
"Well crap, Young likely done for the day"
"FUCK,  we need Tavon"
Classic lamar right there. Love it
gus almost plowed through that tackle
Tavon Young best nickel CB in the league for 1 game you get out of him a year
Llama is showing off
"Yes, but slide FEET first Lamar..."
Omg lamar is so fucking good
Hold my breath every time he goes face first.
a cleanse of pallet after watching my man burrow try to be lamar lol
Lamar is good
"love gus, even on 3 yard runs"
Good drive by the offense. The defense is getting some good rest with this drive.
3 in a row?
No one went to pick up Lamar :(
lamar fast
Any decent slot corners available? Losing tavon’s a big blow to our depth
Broken ankles!
Cunningham is pretty good it seems
I miss Yanda
Hollywood wants nothin to do with Watt lol
Go for it!
ITWT
we don't seem to be using the fake handoff look that we used a lot last year.
A lot of new fans were not here when every game was within 3 and came down to the last play I see lmaoooo
Houston would have 7 on the board of we had just picked Baker up in the draft. Shit.
Its early in the season they are showing some looks for upcoming teams to study
Defense make a play
Everybody. Don’t care anything else but please stay healthy until the chiefs game.
How is Lamar so young!!!
Run D looks good
But yeah let JK/Ingram run a little
Stuff these fuckers.  Get um off the field
"Least we forced the 4th, no 1st down. But Jeeeeeeezz we need better rush"
"I know tackling Deshaun isn’t easy, but that was awful"
Really suprised that wasn’t blown dead
When did the Texans pick up Russell wilson?
"Shit, I was so stress. Lucky he got out so many tackles, he should've thrown it away like 20 times that play."
Fucking make the tackle
YES
hell yeah!
DEFENSE
"Lol, Watson had no chance"
Big oof
Bill o'brien... wow
Who had the QB pressure?
Trust BoB to make a horrible decision
Let’s go boys!!!
"Unrelated, but where can I get that neck gaiter that Harbaugh's wearing?"
I’m gonna need two TDs to Hollywood for my fantasy team.
I know nobody cares about fantasy but I just traded Watkins for Hollywood minutes before kick off I'm stoked
BoB is gonna BoB
There’s my Ingram
Angry Ingram.
Texans had a mini bye everyone chill
Jk dobbins td incoming
This is a nice drive.
Ram this one in like it's Jenna Jameson.
There's Ingram
Lamar's a gunslinger.
TUDDER
hot damn
Alright D let’s get it
"D just punked em hard, forced the T.O."
Why did the Texans decide not to pump crowd noise?
Wide open
Too much time!!!
Whew.
Just like that
False start??
Damn
Fells eating our lunch
Burn the clock and get the ball back next half and double up on scores
Those passes to the TE who is so much bigger than our DBs....really hard to stop even with perfect coverage. Dunno what you are even supposed to do there.
Pls respond rn Offense we’re fortunate that BoB is an idiot
Stream?
Offsides
"Damn, first flag?  Clean game"
Let’s get it!
DUVERYAY
Jackson’s ability to turn an aggressive blitz against them is just fun to watch
Yes.  Need more Ingram!
We got this
"Move those chains, move those chains, move those chains, HUAA!"
Oh Boy!
Tuck with the catch! Goat
That was harder than it needed to be
Lamar and the receivers are playing great
lot of open receivers down the field.
"Man, he juuuuuust barely got Hollywood"
Damn.
Fuck
Awww
Tucker is so damn good
that show actually looks good to me
Great special teams play by Board
Where the hell is JK DOBBINS TODAY
"This is a good game to get out if sync. Texans are really good and if we can grind this out, it might show some of our coaches and players our deficiencies before the game vs chiefs."
And just like that we run away with it
LET'S FUCKING GO DEFENSE
AND THAT'S HOW YOU GET BACK D!
"FUCKING COWARDS, GIVE MY MAN HIS PICK 6"
FUMBLE TD LETS FUCKING GO!!
"Long Texans drive here for a TD to end the half would be... bad! Let's get hype (for the first time this game), defense."
Just thought to myself we could use a fumble
😍😍😍😍
Fruit Punch is in season
...
please let this stand
FALCON PUNCH
You love to see it!
MARLOOOO LETS GOOO
hey thats a touchdown
LET'S GOOO
Our defence just played right.
He ain't even step out!
MARVIN FOR DEFENSIVE MVP
WOO
Nothing to review here. Ravens ball 🙄
Thats a TD right? Looked good to me
He made a football move after catch the ball it’s a fumble.
Marlon is gonna get his bread soon
TD!
I called it!
td.
Ahhhhh yeahhhh
Let’s go!!!
Big Willy!
Let's do it again
If tavon is out do we sign TJ?
Herbert  winning against mahomes lamar best qb mvp
Fuuuck yes!
Can't let them score here. Need to go for the throat early
LFG
LETS FUCKING GOO
Watson slightly overrated!?!?! Hmmm....
End it here
No one even close to open
Guys when did Ed Reed come back wearing 24?
Watt is just fucking terrorizing is god damn
Got damn O Line
JJ owns our line when we play in NRG
brown kinda stopped onn watt a little  early
Need to get OBJ some Boyle help
Brown gotta move his feet there
"""FG Target Line""  Is that corrected for Tucker?"
Let’s get enough for at least a fg
"I like a TD here, but if we only get 5 yards and a FG I’m happy"
It’s JJ Watt. Dude is a fucking beast. Not surprised.
Oh God
I MEAN SHIT O LINE
"Man, O line is getting torched"
Fuck
CAN WE NOT
"Don't ruin our chance to see tucker kick a really long FG. It's not fair, JJ."
What’s with all the pass plays?
"Damn, why Yanda"
God damnit
Dobbins missed that block.
Bro our Oline nooo 😞
FUCK
He looks fine
"Ronnie pls be okay.

We love you ya big bear!"
Not that the online has been stellar but that was an all out blitz
Ronnie Stanley’s ankle again
No points for them cmon stop them here
Offense hasn't felt as dominant on the Texans side of the field as I'd like to see.
All these people crying about these sacks but lamar ain’t drop the ball most qbs would have dropped that ball
These TEs are killing us.
Finally a sack!
Looks like the Texans woke up
Cmon defense...
Obviously I'm not a coach but if they're rushing the linebackers and we have very fast WR why don't we run them down the middle?
I hope Stanley is okay
🤦🏽‍♂️
"instead of clock running out, now it stops."
Dammit
Averrett is trash. I don't want anyone to convince me otherwise.
Int calling it by clark
Averett is a fast frank walker
okay didn't see the ref kick it. i'll allow it.
Thats fucking crazy
Still blame the lack of a rush.
Bull shit
Skura is just a shadow of his former self. Absurd to play him in the condition he is in.
Just saw a local political commercial that was [LITERALLY this](https://youtu.be/SW-JocxB15U) but with wrestling techniques instead of guns. So so dumb.
COLLUSION
Great protection there
Wow the line held up lol
"Lamar had time, he needs more"
Cunningham is everywhere
Roman run the damn ball
Hey guys a run!!!!
GUS THE BUS
He really do be looking like a bus sometimes
"Ok, as much as I've been loving seeing Jackson's upgraded passing abilities it's nice to see some running too!"
 This is why we should be running
HONK HONK
THE BUS IS ROLLING
Gus running mfs over!!!
The Gus bus stops for no one
"If there werent other guys around, Gus would have 100% broken that tackle on his previous run."
"Ingram might not be as fast as he used to, but he still runs hard"
Played WR at Notre dame.
Always forget how explosive Gus is
Gus should get ever 2 yards to gain even time
"Look at that stat, fuckin beautiful.

These Ravens are something special."
Lamar doing work with the snap count
I'll take that
Hollywood deep
Lamar tapping into that Brady/Rodgers energy. Get those free yards! Make them think twice about jumping the snap count.
Gus doesn’t get enough recognition man
"&#x200B;

Lamar making ESPN Highlight  Reels"
are you all happy you got your planned run with lamar now?
JK IS IN
KEEP HIM IN YOU FUCKS
GOOD JOB DOBBINS!!
I love that from jk
Damn I can't believe he stayed up for that.
"Fucking right dobbins

Thats some rice shit right there"
Sick tackle break JK
atta boy Dobs
Nice fucking play dobbins
Way to stay on your feet jk
Nice job!
DOBBINS. Making plays
"Oof, Lamar..."
Let's go jk
FEED JK
What offense are we running?!? Air Coryell?
I'm not looking these called qb runs. Haven't worked well but once
Finally got Dobbins involved!!!
GOOD SHIT JK
JK!
JK out here turning cbs into fools
JK lol
What a catch and run
Is something wrong with Ingram?
Jk but we ain’t joking
Exactly what I'm talking about. No way we let gus go with JK. Perfect 1-2 punch
reminded me of another 27 with that
"When our run game is working, we are almost unstoppable."
That was a money throw.
:/
NEED A TD TO HOLLYWOOD HERE
Dobbins is so fucking good
McKinney turned pretty freaking late on that one
Jesus fucking Christ online is total shit today
Gimme 3
SMHHH
i want an o-line plz :(
Where's the line...
 Pain
Line looks fucking awful
God damn this o-line sucks
Whew close one there Tuck
Shew that was close. Good time eating drive and points at least
Is Ronnie playing or is he still on IR?
Bruh it’s 2020 why is James Harrison in commercials
Our line looks a bit slow processing stunts. Hopefully it improves as the rook gains experience and these guys get more playing time together
Queen go zoom
Our running game hasn’t looked good that last two weeks
McPhee looked 24 there!
He down.
How tf does Phee still play songs hard
Watching the ticker 49ers lost a few players today eh? Jesus
ah fuck
oh boy.
We need to get this oline together and need an actual pass rusher with some speed.
Almost.
"1 offense TD feels bad, hope we can get one more and sure up the game"
Calais noooo
Fuckk
We finally stopped their offense
yesss baby yoda
"Ok, that was the hand-off deception I've been missing so far."
Be careful Mark 🙏🏽
Thays mah boy
[deleted]
Hell yeah In fg Range
"Lol, everyone thought Washington was gonna be good this year"
here we go long clock burning TD drive
I love this announcer lol
SNEAD
Perfect.  QBs draw and quick slant to Snead.  That’s how to slow down the rush.
I hate when they say shit that jinx us. Don't talk about the damn no turnovers!
Dobbins wide open on the dump off
Line is really struggling with those interior stunts.
Thats what you get when you don't wrap up for literally no reason.
GO FOR IT
Oof he needed a few big Macs for that
Llammmmma
5 wides go for it
Fucking right!!!
Fortune favors the bold.
WOW WHAT A PLAY CALL
THE BIG FELLA
Wildcatttttttt babyyyyy!
BLACKJACK 21!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THAT'S HOW YOU BLOCK
LMAO WOW
game
The road to 2-0
Hell yeah let's go for it coach!
Hit that bull Ingram!
YEP
LMAO let's fucking go!!!!!
BIG BOI SHIT
LETS GO MARK!!
Poor Giants.
Alright D. Please no points
[deleted]
Cmon D!
Come on defense dont do that
Marlon Humphrey a slot CB?
Jesus another obvious missed hold
apparently Sammy Watkins suffered a  *possible* concussion in todays game.
Can we keep playing aggressive? A lot of time left
i would not wanna be watson there and have campbell fall on you
Bowser in coverage?
Another sack whiffed.
How did whoever that was miss that sack
That block by project Pat on the Ingram TD... Amazing
I'd like to see the O-line and the RBs get some real-time chemistry going for the rest of this game. We're going to want/need it at some point.
Justin Reid is very good
Damn that was a clutch stop on Lamar ngl
go for it
Surrender Index is gonna flame us hard if we punt
"Anybody know if the neck gaiter Harbs has is avail for purchase? Can't find it on any of the main sites (NFL Shop, fanatics, fansedge).

Also, solid overall game! Go Ravens!"
Look like LLAMA said I’ll do it myself lmao
"Not worth it, that’s how Mahomes got hurt"
The cardboard fans are kinda creepy
"I wonder why lamar doesn't have audibles like Mahomes does. Yknow how Mahomes says ""35"" to signify snap it on 2? Lmao"
I want us to score 7 more! I don't want to see us let up. Let's make a statement that even on our off days we're better than most AFC teams.
Let's make it 37!
GUS
Score again
One more score and put this thing to bed.
Can we just start with the Gus Bus from now on? Like let the man ram that Dline a bit then swap in Ingram & Dobbins to get loose on em then let Gus carry the team home.
Wildcat Dobby
Did he hit Lamar late?
its not an officials timeout...they were waiting until the ejected player left the bench area  before resuming play
Uhhh? Okay?
"buh bye, bud"
Lamae ts plz
O line got it done on this drive
Lamar td plz
"Well, now it is time for KC.  It is on!  Big Time!"
Go ahead with your bad self Chuck Clark!!!
David Johnson single-handedly stripped the “sack daddy” monicker
Gg
"Someone said 90 was stomping Lamar's head, is that true because wth"
Best back drafted this year
Did we play Gus so much as cover for the Chiefs?
Dam we make it look to easy
Now I just want them to put in Justice Hill to get his pounding in against the Texans
WW
How do OT rules work again?
Bowser is looking look so far he’s been very active in these first 2 games always seems to be around the ball maybe 7+ sacks this season...also Boykin on offense but LJ has so much weapons
Tavon Mr Glass Young SMDH
That wasn't great. Let's just hope it was a rusty start
"Man, I’m hoping it’s rust, but our Oline hasn’t been good. Squeelers will eat this line alive..."
This is a closer game than it should be. Weird play calls and a shaky O line really not making me feel good
[deleted]
I fucking hope nobody falls injured here
Damn
"That series was uninspired, lol."
It didnt look like anything even touched him.
Tayvon Young hurt again? Wouldnt be surprised.
Roman calling this game way too cute. Run the god damn ball on first down.
roman passing too much just like in the titans game
Boykin is such a good ass blocker
Sometimes I forget how spoiled we are with Lamar
Lamar needs to start sliding feet first
Need stream plz.  My power went out. No direct tv for me :(
Boyle's block game needs help
That wasn't holding?  Ok
Yea I've lost hope for this offensive line.
Oline doesn’t look good
https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/028/539/DyqSKoaX4AATc2G.jpg
Why make the Texans do anything? Why not give them 3 points and call it halftime?
Rushing is not working at all which sucks
Boykin the tightend
Play calling is horrendous
I really want to see Fluker. Just to see if he can make a difference. He looked good last week.
"Fuck with out those turnovers our defense really isn't that good. So many wide open targets, no pass rush, can't finish tackles in the back field, letting deshaun finish plays, things that will not pass against playoff teams"
Has there been an update on Tavon?
"Lol Houston fucking sucks, so mad there’s a 7 seed now, they may make the playoffs"
YOU CANT PARK THAT BUS
Great block from Boykin!!
Oh yeah boy! Let's get that run game working!
"We're getting lucky with the turnovers tbh, this defense is suspect"
Little off today. Texans D not quite that good.
"Throw short on 3rd. Flacco, is that you?"
We’re also up 13 points so yeah while the O-line play is frustrating I really doubt we lose this game.
I’m very nervous for this game. Our pass rush is god awful and watson is a magician. I also think our run defense is lackluster. I’m nervous for every game though. We’ll probably win by 3 scores lmao
Fucking hell Tavon Young Mr Glass needs to be cut... He doesn't do anything for us besides leave us hanging
Why the fuck can't our defense play defense right
This is probably the least hype I’ve been for a Ravens game in a while lol
Can someone PxP?
"clearly lamar took notes from kyler murray, the GOAT of getting out of bounds. r/nfl had some great advice."
OBJ getting used and abused by Watt
defense looks shaky
"Haven't caught the game today, but from what I've seen a bit it seems Lamar is a bit off and so is the line"
"The fact that it takes 50 people to tackle 1 person is concerning, otherwise good D! xD"
Can't believe we're winning a ~~home~~ game 30-16 in the 4th quarter and these dorky ass doofus' in the booth spent more time talking about other teams' QB's
Sorry ass pass rush
Does anyone else think Watt is a huge douche?
never was a fan of T. Young. dude is too small for a CB
Watson sucks....Big money for medicore play
Do we want the Chiefs coming in after a loss? I can't imagine them 1-2
are we going to see RGIII?
"Idk what game y’all are watching. Oline looked much better that drive. Held the pocket for Lamar on most throws and had good run block. The only bad play was the sack and they blitzed.

So many casual fans."
Gonna be honest. Lamar has made the OL look worse on a number of plays. This is looking like the steelers game. He's seeing ghost rushers.
Our defense. 😂😂😂
"I hope they don't try to draw a pentaly.

You could pull that shit with cleveland, but this defense is way too disciplined to do that."
where to watch?
Lamar carrying rn
Bwhahahahaha
Been watching RedZone during commercials and all I can say is Andy Reid must really hate how he looks in a mask to go with the shield again.
Where was marlon going lol he just got up and ran the other way
Offense looks sluggish today.
jj watt make the executive decision to start juicing again.
"Man... the pocket was good, there. Lamar ran into a sack"
So sad that there is no ravens football next Sunday
Smh
Why are we not running?
Fade me
"Can’t take a sack there, NGL, i was thinking hand it off and try a long fg. Lost 3 points."
anyone else just watch peters get fucked up? lmao
Wow we give our running backs the ball and it works who woulda thought
Lol go for it /s
Shit. Gotta punt imo
lol random challenge
Why the fuck Is BoB calling timeout
Beep beep BUSSSSS
GUS BUS!!
Feed the bus.
Wheels on the bus going round and round right now
THE BUS
Pat is such a boss
These refs are so fucking incompetent
Is it sexist if I say Melanie Collins is hot?
If we lose Stanley....... next week is a done deal loss
Lamar is panicking in the pocket . We NEED the o line to step up to calm lamar
Too much Lamar running.
"What is Lamar doing? Do you see the blitz? Get out of the pocket, dude."
Can you guys not start blaming the refs? That was an obvious penalty on Averett. He sucks.
Shades of Roman's playcalling against Tennessee
Tavon Young...going to be a meniscus or ACL
Who is this play by play announcer? Pretty annoying
There is no way they were snapping that ball. Waste of a timeout.
We should have at least tried the hard count before throwing the challenge flag
That’s shameful how did they possibly not get Watson
Is it me or has Calais just not looked like his pro bowl season last year?
How are we beating KC next week
These dumbass mistakes are going to doom us
All the hype just for 2 3 & outs by both teams 😂
Aww go for it
"Honest question.
How can we afford to pay Stanley 22mil when the other 3 or 4 positions on our line are so bad against good pass rushes.
Wouldn't it make more sense to trade stabley, draft a o line piece and pay someone who commands less 12-15"
Jackson needs to do a better job of handing the ball off on the read option
Is this an unpopular opinion? I don't really think Proche is that great as a returner
"Imagine being Lamar Jackson and instead of scrambling you collapse in the pocket.. SMFH

Edit: thanks for the downvotes, but yall know I'm right"
Stanley hurt now. Dude is so weak.
What team is going to trade us for a corner this year? Cause me thinks we need one
Terrible Kick!  He almost missed!
Alright. That State Farm commercial was pretty good. Lol
[deleted]
We’re going to get Lamar hurt. We need to stop doing designed runs for him when it’s not necessary and he also needs to slide
Going to lose...
""
[removed]
"Feels like, as with what happened in baseball, the lack of a preseason is causing more injuries."
""
""
"Pas vegan, mais content de voir que je suis pas le seul Québecois ici."
Vegetarian here currently enjoying some Morningstar farms buffalo wings lol
Meat lover here coming in peace
so what gives it a crab like flavor?
I'm not a vegetarian but I love vegetarian food
Why?
"man that guy was awesome. i was so hurt when i heard he was off to the niners, i’ve been a huge ricard fan as soon as they started having him line up in the backfield"
"Only one thing....

Ricard is better"
It throws me back to vonta leach
"Love me a nasty-ass fullback, like a Caterpillar D9 with an attitude and shoulder pads."
"Juice looked very good because checkdown Joe threw him the ball a billion times a game. Still very good, but I don’t think he’d touch the ball nearly as much in this offense."
""
Fort has provided positives for us in that pick up starting from his first game! EDC and then coaching staff have taken full advantage of his hard work!
[removed]
What a fucking interception!
I am REELING
That INT was a thing of beauty
Highlights are already up on youtube. @4:32
[removed]
Damn shame we didn’t capitalize on it though 😑
That is some Ed stuff right there.
""
Don’t forget commercial star!
"Once the Jackson to Tucker connection is mastered, the league better watch out."
He’s also a pretty decent tackler when he needs to.
"Just when the league thought they would catch up on our offense,  we sneak peak in a new clutch WR! Gameplan that bitches!

(Let's not forget he also had a mean tackle in preseason a few years ago iirc, the man is a Swiss army knife)"
"I wish he'd run down the sideline and pretended he scored a TD, then spiked the ball."
[removed]
Goodluck. He will just take his all pro self and go to another team.
Stanley is one of the best offensive linemen in the game and is only dealing with a nagging ankle injury the past few weeks. Pump the brakes.
[removed]
I couldnt agree more.. Levine is too slow. Averett gonna get exposed..
Averett made me want to waterboard myself
If your playing the Chiefs that showed up today Chiefs have zero chance beating you.
[deleted]
??? We are playing a decent team. Up by 13. Every game cant be a blowout homie
Texans are a good team
We’re not the KD Golden State Warriors bro
"We're up by 13 and have won 13 straight regular season games, everything is more than fine right now.

We can't dominate EVERY week, this isn't Madden."
"Our O-line looks crappy, but the Chiefs O-line looks worse right now."
Our offense line wasn’t good last week either and now the cracks are showing more and more.  We don’t have the line we need to win it all currently
[removed]
Respect the instant ask lol
Came here just for this
I need it !
"I can't think of a better celebration in recent memory, the fact that he came up a bit short on the spin kick made it so much better"
following
Someone just posted.  Sort by new
It’s on the ravens Twitter
[Marky Mark](https://giphy.com/gifs/ravens-mark-ingram-XFuLgg3gBxlbDPNb2a)
""
"No one knows what it means , but it’s provocative."
It's like truss but big.  Real big.
It's a way of life
big truzz is love. big truzz is life.
It’s like big Chungus. No one has a clue what it means but they love it
[deleted]
So we're throwing spinning shit now?
I'd love to see the whole run from this angle.
Strike first. Strike hard. No mercy. Cobra Kai
I said it in the other thread. Someone please superimpose the Steelers logo!
He looks like a power ranger lol
That net is dangerous.
Loved this play call
That's a spinning rear leg side kick.
Nobody giving respect to the double punch
[removed]
Can't wait for DeCosta to snag some great OL for a 9th round pick. That's where the team needs it the most. Thankfully Lamar has been so calm in the pocket
We're like the anti-Packers in that regard lmao
[deleted]
""
BoB trading his #1 target is still baffling
I sorta feel sorry for Watson. He’s so legit and is with a  coach/GM that is gonna waste his youth.
"I like watson. He's got great pocket presence and can extend plays.

BoB is just a dipshit ruining his and jj watts careers"
I feel so bad for him
"I've loved Deshaun since he was at Clemson, and he deserves so much better than he's been given in Houston. BoB is on-track to waste a once-in-a-generation QB's career just like Indy did with Luck, and it's a fucking tragedy."
That trade of DeAndre Hopkins was epic stupidity
He looked so dejected that entire game.
"His talent is being wasted.. He deserves better than what he's getting!!!
I feel bad for him.  I can never talk bad about him.."
He should’ve never re-signed with Texans. They are gonna waste his career.
That's life in the NFL somebody is going to lose
I'm rooting for him fr
The game thread was so shocked over how evasive he was. I hold my breath every drop back. I really don’t get why people think he’s overrated.
My mom laughed louder each time they showed him frozen in rage and said it needed to be a meme
"I wouldn't have signed the extension if I was him. Even if he outlasts BOB, chances are the next HC won't be significantly better and the organisation will continue to mismanage the pesonnel around him."
"#The rules are simple:

* **Submit a player/coach/position group**, preferably **in BOLD** to stand out easier. Add stats/reasoning if you want.

* Make sure your nominee has not already been submitted. 

#**Previous Weeks**

* Week 1: Lamar Jackson

#**This week's nominees are...**"
"**Marlon Humphrey**

Right hook from Marlon swung the momentum completely and the Texans never recovered."
"**MARCUS PETERS, MARLON HUMPHREY, LJ FORT and PATRICK QUEEN**"
"The Runningbacks!

Ingram with the swifty 4th down TD

Edwards with a bunch of backbreaking runs 

Dobbins with the nice 44 yard run to get us over 200 again"
"***Justin Tucker***

He didn’t need to score a game winner, but we haven’t given him the opportunity to often (thankfully). 

His consistency is easy to overlook and take for granted but he kept the distance which is crucial as we play best with a lead. So even when the offense couldn’t get it done he got us some guaranteed points."
Tucker for always being reliable!
"Gus Edwards.  That drive was the backbreaker.  

Don't get me wrong, defence made plays like crazy, but it was that drive where I wrote 'Game over' in my notebook."
"#Marlon Humphrey

Led the team in tackles (6 solo + 1 assist) and the clutch forced fumble"
"Lamar Jackson.

Im 100 percent convinced he makes this offensive line look decent. If its any other QB we would have given up 10+ sacks. Put Fluker out there at RG and help Orlando. That right side was ABUSED today"
"Overall, Gus. But Fort's play really turned the tide in our favour and he flashed in other plays as well."
"Lamar. Dude kept so many offensive drives alive, especially in the first half. His stats are good but he played so much better than they say."
DEFENSE ^(^Other ^Than ^Anthony ^Averett)
DeCosta for gems signings like Fort
MP Juice Man
The Bus That Couldn't Slow Down
So many people here are posting about the running backs but how about my boy **Patrick Ricard** blocking for all of them and opening up some massive holes to run through? Not to mention his layout goal-line grab for the TD!
The Gus Bus. Making no stops and taking no prisoners since 2018.
Team
Defense
defense!
All running backs
Defense: Made plays when it mattered and held our lead
While we had a good game and good players. The O-Line got pummeled today. Albeit some of those were because of Lamar running around but still. Gotta hold them boys back.
"Everyone for sure. Lamar being Lamar, all the running backs putting in work, MP and Humph being great, Tucker not missing as usual. Not much to criticise other than you know who"
"Another **team win**

Humphrey killed it, Lamar did great, Ingram had an excellent run TD, jk with a game killing run, gus controlling the clock, fort picking up the fumble, Juiceman with the int, elliott stoping that 4th down and a sack.

Everyone played well and still we got stuff we know to work on."
"**SECONDARY** (not named Anthony Averett)

Marlon and Peters played lockdown coverage all game, and each came up with a backbreaking turnover. Elliott had his first sack, Chuck kept everyone in position, and Jimmy played well in his limited role."
"LJ fort, looked like a rb on that pylon extension. That defensive TD is what first allowed us to pull away and we didn’t look back"
"DEFENSE

Whole squad effort.

PQ looking like royalty. Marlon swinging harder than Myles Garrett. LJ Fort taking it to the house. MP Juiceman out there pickin like it's apple season.

I thought some of Lamar's throws were a bit shaky today and OL was slacking, but that's why this is a **team**. Our receivers made plays, defense stepped it up, and as always Tucker gets it in.

*Lamar wasn't bad by any means, and did a fantastic job dealing with the pressure of an incredible Texans D. I meant moreso some of his passes were just on the edge and required good moves from our receivers. The Ricard TD that was a bit low comes to mind. At this point our competition is only ourselves and perfection is the standard we go by 😤*"
Peters
Defense....does that count?
MARCUS PETERS
"Offense: Gus
Defense: Fort"
Greg Roman. Gut punch with Ingram wildcat completely demoralized the Texans. They were shell shocked after that.
"Lamar and the run game?

That OL, in particular the right side did them no favors. Lamar was super fucking comfortable under pressure like usual and was on point even though he couldn't go deep like he wanted. Gus, Mark and JK (albeit late but man that fucking run was electric) were on fire"
"Fort has fumble recoveries in back to back weeks and this one he turned on the jets, Let the big man get this one"
Running backs
**Gus Edwards**
"**Defense**

Lots of good plays and turnovers from them. Took a while to get some sacks but they eventually came through."
Running backs
Going defense on this one. Creating turnovers and getting pressure on Watson.
RB's
*Gus Edwards*
Peters
"**Marcus Peters**

That was a great interception.  You could give it to a bunch of guys as it's a true team effort this time, but I'm fine with spotlighting Peters."
"I'm going to say Boykin.  he didn't have the best game statistically, but his presence was felt on the field, at times he was invisible last year as a pass catcher. run blocks well."
"Ingram,  for the roundhouse kick and fooling a lot of us thinking that Lamar got slow somehow."
"I can't pick just one, so I'm going with...Our Pro Bowl CB duo.

**Marlon Humphrey** & **Marcus Peters**

I don't think Marlon allowed a single completion and both contributed to turnovers. Plus the Peters INT was thing of beauty."
"LJ needs some credit

Of course it's a team win, but Fort did a total tempo shift with the scoop and score. 

Humphrey, Lamar, the game plan, JK ...they all work. They always work.

Fort's instincts and good angles and pure footballin got the game going the right direction! 

Lf'ing J Fort"
The entire defense
"**Marlon Humphrey**

The punch. Played great coverage all game. And was bringing the energy. The way he attacked the lead blocks on one of the plays had me HYPED"
Marlon Humphrey and Patrick Queen
Marlon Humphrey/MP JUICE MAN
"One half of the best cornerback duo:

 Marlon ""Fruit Punch"" Humphrey"
"I vote for the secondary, they did a great job slowing down Houston’s WR core and allowed our front 7 to go to work. Marlon had the big forced fumble, Peters that ed reed like interception, and Elliot with that sack."
"Gus Edwards, Marlon Humphrey, Marcus Peters, L.J. Fort, Lamar Jackson and Calais Campbell are the players of the game candidates and the Emmy goes to.....

....... L.J. Fort"
"For me, it would be the cornerbacks, and Tucker obviously."
"Marlon Humphrey. Forced a fumble that led to the game-breaking TD, and made Fuller non-existent."
Wink martindale- For the second year in a row he had the perfect game plan to stop deshaun Watson. Coverage was excellent and he devised a good blend of blitzes so Watson had no time to throw.
Marcus Peters. Channeling Ed Reed on that pick...
[deleted]
233 I think before the kneel downs so I think we ended up with 230 total
"As far as I know he is an impending free agent after the season. . . 

I feel that we have to retain this guy. He’s fit in well with the scheme and Lamar, just wanted your thoughts on retaining him for next season"
"Honestly hes amazing, but RB is the one position where we can lose a guy due to our depth. Ingram, JK, and Hill are an amazing trio if Gus leaves. Just depends on how much money he wants"
"Give me Gus over Hill. 

Haven’t really been impressed with Hill."
Yeah he’s worth more to us than he is in a trade. Next year it’ll be JK and Gus 1 and 2. Cut Ingram to save cap space but maybe he’ll resign/restructure on a cheaper team friendly deal.
[deleted]
He’s a RFA next year
"Gus probably gets a deal on some other team, we dont have the cap to go for him. We probably pick up a RB day 2 or 3 if not another UDFA. It is sad but with c ap dropping so much and the paydays we have to make he doesnt fit in the books."
"I’ll say Gus is a killer late in a game, with the fresh legs we provide him."
honestly for the future i’ll take gus over ingram cause mark us getting old
"I really think EDC would be amiss to not resign him. He's a great 1b - 2 back and his 1 cut power style REALLY fits us on 3rd and short.

He's got great vision between the guards and fights for yards.


I'd really like to resign him to a deal similar to Kareem Hunts. You then match him with JKs contract"
"Gus is a RFA.. prolly pull 3-5mill/yr in free agency.. 

Ingram is gonna cost 6.33 next year.. can save 5 mill with cut.. but can prolly pay him whatever we would have to pay Gus to keep him..

Justice is gonna be cheap still.. 

Probably trade Gus to the Jets to replace Bell.. extend Ingram.. keep Hill and Dobbins.."
I saw Ingram shaking his head and talking to someone on the sideline on his last run. It’s pretty clear mark thought he shoulda scored but it seems like Gus is more worried about contact or just doesn’t have the elusive necessary. No one may have notice but mark points to his head and you can tell it’s regarding Gus not being a very innovative or creative back.
[deleted]
"I might be an idiot here but isnt it 22 wins?

I thought he was 7-1 rookie year, 13-2 last year, and now 2-0 this year."
LAMAR 2020 (MAKE AMERICA TRUZZ AGAIN) (BUILD BACK BETTER BALTIMORE)
10+ terms please 😁
Holy shit this picture.
In God we truzz
Presiden OLLAMA!
I would vote for him for actual president over the two morons currently going for it.
"We should definitely lose one of our next 7 games so we don’t go 28-3, heard those are cursed numbers. 

/s"
This is gold
Make America Belee Again!
2 playoff games. And 14-2 last year. 4 losses. Still amazing
You’re forgetting two games...
Oh President my President
My Mom thought this was real lol.
Hes lost to as many teams in 25 regular season games (KC/CLE) as he has in 2 playoff games (SD/TEN)
""
"As bad as this sucks for him, we gotta restructure that contract. Paying him lots to never play a full season."
3 missed full seasons now?
"Really feel for the guy, hopefully Averett can step up because he was getting dotted up all game"
The best ability is availability.
"Well, he only has season ending injuries so I didn't expect anything less"
Dude needs to retire
"Tavon is a great player but at a certain point out for the season just becomes who you are, 3 of these now idk how much he's got left"
Are you fucking kidding me. That's just shy of 2 full seasons missed in two seasons.
Man Tavon is such a baller CB. He plays way bigger than his size and was an incredible find. I wish he would get rid of whatever luck is plaguing him.
So can we go get Carr back from the Cowboys practice squad? I dont want to see Averett on the field trying to stop any of the Chiefs receivers next week...
Time to restructure that contract
Come on....god dammit
What else is new
This sucks
Really unfortunate for him
Fuck this!!
What team is tanking? so we can pry their slot corner away for a 5th
I feel fucking terrible for him. Can't even imagine what he's going through
"I'm not sure he should be cut next year right off the bat, but at this point we've got to plan as if he's not in the depth chart."
bro he’s good but he gets hurt so much he’s missed over 30+ games now he should retire
Dude can’t catch a break. Next man up
Hate to say it but he can’t be relied on. He shouldn’t be on the roster at the start of next season.
"FUCKKKK, this one hurts"
"It certainly seems destined that Tavon Young & DeShon Elliott are not supposed to play together. Whenever one *is* healthy, the other one is injured. Ever since Tavon's contract extension, he has played a grand total of one full game. That signing sure looks like one of DeCosta's worst decisions as GM, right up there with the ET3 debacle!

It is a shame, because he is a pretty special player when available. However, it feels as if he has been injured more than Jimmy Smith & Lardarius Webb combined (I'm exaggerating, of course). Yet another reminder why Brandon Carr should have never been let go! Too bad they had to learn this inevitable, predictable lesson the hardest way possible!"
">On February 21, 2019, Young signed a three-year, $25.8 million contract extension with the Ravens, making him the highest-paid nickel-back in the NFL.


Can't predict injuries but this hurts"
Really sucks but hes gotta get cut next yr. He was one of my favorites on D too
yep i knew he'd get hurt he gets hurt every year
Should have resigned Carr. CB getting super thin
This is probably the end. Sucks so bad. Really liked the dude.
"Couldn’t watch the game live, how’d it happen?"
"Anyone know how much we’d save? Wasn’t his contract right up there at the time? I feel for the guy, but with zero production we need that money for Stanley/Humphrey/Andrews etc"
5th round pick for The Jets best Cornerback...incoming!!!
"Well that sucks. And with the cap being extremely tight next year, I can definitely see him being on the chopping block. 

It's a shame, but I think he's going to end up being one of the great ""What If's"" in team history."
They gotta cut him at this point. It's every single year
Cut him forever who cares how good he is if he is injured for 50% of his career
"There absolutely cannot be any other franchise that has ever been more ravaged by constant injuries to secondary members than what our favorite team has gone through for approximately a decade-plus! But hey, who cares about a guy that never missed a game in his career, just let him leave. I pine for Brandon Carr over Anthony Averett, but those pipe dreams are long gone!"
Bye
""
Holy shit your unread emails give me heartburn.
How do you do this on I phone?
wait how do you do this
Can I get that picture from the widget
# ☹️
lynn is a coward
I’d rather play the chiefs coming off a close win than a close loss to a rival
[deleted]
"How do you get that effort from your team and just hand the Chiefs the ball. Stopped on 4th and 1 or punted to the Chiefs 1 yardline you lost the game, so don't take it out of your players hands."
You can’t give them the ball back.  Plain and simple.  Conservative football loses against the Chiefs offense.
Talking about this guy like hes 1 of a kind 😂
That's exactly what I was thinking
Yeah I usually love Romo but that was just a stupid statement from him.
Wish you would've posted the context. No idea what you're talking about.
"As much a I love to hear the goat getting respect, butker is literally the next one in line for career % after him. So one of a kind, no, but not many as good as him. Tucker just happens to be better."
"The main issue is that the Ravens don't have to settle for those king attempts very often, meaning Tucker can't show case his skills as often."
They all want Tuckers spot but they can't have it
The chiefs sub really believes his comments to like no one could ever hit a 58 yard fg lmao
I'm fine with that. Let them forget Tucker is the Ravens best kept secret in the NFL
I mean he’s paid to talk about the teams and players he’s there commenting for.
Whats the big deal? Let em enjoy their win..They didn't disrespect Tuck..
I think we are taking this too personally.
""
Is the NFL converter bot still around? The website is cancer on mobile
""
Got a feeling we will be seeing the back of Averett’s jersey a lot next week 😔
The turf monster got him. It almost got jk on that 40+ yard run as well.
Why did we believe he wasn't made of glass when history clearly shows:  this guy is made of glass.
https://youtu.be/-1qju6V1jLM
Goddammit
"Fool me three times, fuck the peace sign"
Guys career has to be done.  He didn't do anything abnormal to injure it.  He just jumped and landed normal.
ugh
[deleted]
"The play he was injured I couldn't even tell what happened to him, he is just made of glass."
[deleted]
Trade for a db? Sign a free agent? Or bring a guy up from practice squad? Give me your thoughts
"If we base it off history, we’ll probably trade our washing machine for Jaire Alexander"
Sign Lamar Jackson. Right now.
Jimmy will go to CB and we’ll likely promote from within at reserve safety. Levine will play a lot more in dime packages.
I mean he was out all of last season too no?
Once Carr goes back down to PS (I think he was pulled up against this week) I say we sign him on Monday and bench Averett.
"We play football. 

I mean Young was out all of 2019 and 2017. We played the Chiefs last year with Carr, Averett, and Canady and lost on a 3rd down conversion. 

I think we will be fine."
"Maybe josh nurse, who was having a pretty good offseason, could be promoted within and play nickel?"
Trade a 5th round pick for Strap Harris
"My guess would be Jimmy to outside corner, Marlon to slot corner, Geno Stone or Nigel Warrior getting more reps at safety"
[deleted]
"I saw the username before I opened the thread and I was like OH HELL NO, NO YOU DIDN'T"
""
I'd say trade for him but the dudes injury cursed
JJ is a monster when healthy.
I really like JJ. Pure drive and talent while staying humble.
JJ honestly feasted against our O line. They need to do something about the right side. Put DJ Fluker in at RG to see if he’s any better for now.
Watt was a fucking menace against us.
Whispers “Win it all. I’m rooting for you.”
I love JJ Watt and as a firefighter myself seeing him do the fire training is always a great watch https://youtu.be/2BWxEjwzvCo
JJ was their best player yesterday he was all over us
Two humble classy guys sharing a hug. Stop staring perverts!
"Sounds like yet another season ending injury early in the season. That’s 3 out of 5 seasons. 

Sucks man. Just hate it for him."
"This is unpopular but he needs to be gone. Yeah he's good, really good. I like him. But he's never available. 3/5 years with season enders is too much and we can't afford to pay him for that."
He needs to go man he’s eating up too much cap space to be constantly injured.
We better be paying Everett in peanuts and bubble gum because he's doodoo
Even worse is he won’t get a good second contract
[deleted]
""
"u/DrDilatory unsportsmanlike conduct, automatic SNF win"
"For context: I voiced my opinion on a flag in the NE @ SEA game that I disagreed with and the man comes at all of us like the dirty Patriots fan he is. Oh well, shows the class that New Enlganders have."
[deleted]
[deleted]
Facebook
""
"He’s talking about the Super Bowl champion, reigning Coach of the Year right? Literally the only former Raven that has ever had this much of an issue with the organization/Harbs. Dude needs to stfu and realize maybe he was the problem?"
Pollard arguing with randos on twitter shows just how dumb he is and how big of a mistake it was to have him on an nfl team.
He said he was kidding after. Torrey is too nice.
Pollard had too many helmet to helmet hits..
"For some reason I thought it was Bernard Pierce, but yeah Pollard is a dumbass"
Honestly it's really weird that he still actively shit talks Harbaugh this long after his career has ended.
"

***

posted by [@TorreySmithWR](https://twitter.com/TorreySmithWR)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Honestly pollard sounds like he's got pretty bad CTE
Dude has been balling these last 2 weeks yet gets no love. Keep doing your thing 58
He gets no love? He gets lots of positive praise.
There's literally an LJ Fort appreciation thread on the front page you loon.
Pretty sure every Raven knows LJ Fort.. I think I have even been able to forget he was a Steeler..
Can't believe we got him for free via the Eagles lmfao
He definitely gets noticed. He's a great veteran presence and off ball LB to compliment Queen and Harrison.
Congratulations again on being 2-0. Love you all and happy we could join you in that category.
I have Aaron and Aaron on my fantasy team and they’re making me look like a genius.
"It was looking dicey for you all early, but not surprised at all that the Packers were able to pull away once the Lions became the Lions again."
Happy cake day!
Aaron Jones is a monster. 🧀🧀🧀🧀🧀
"Jesus yall have a scary team rn, see you in February 👀"
Thanks buddy
[deleted]
Aww man.  It’s devastating for the kid.  All the talent in the world and the body just can’t hold out.  I can’t imagine the frustration.  Cut him a break.
"No need for this IMHO. The guy has played well and hard for us and rehabbed from multiple injuries. 

Not his fault that hes hard luck. 

Sometimes Im embarrassed by my fellow fans."
Bro delete this.
"As we are used to being delighted with over 30 pts per game almost every week since last year, however, today, the o line being out of groove almost costed things on offense and if this would've happened against a better team there's no doubt we would've lost this game.

I like to focus on the fact that the game was won and that's all it matters, but it's becoming a serious concern that the offensive line will start affecting play calling and what can be done on offense.
The offense wasn't able to take any deep shots or call any deep, long developing plays since the pass rush was too intense, which immediately took an effect on what Hollywood and Andrews bring to the table, Ingram struggled a lot at beginning, same with Lamar which seemed to bump into sacks since the guys in front were literally being pushed back. I'm hoping since they'll have an extra day of rest this next week they can clean this up otherwise the Chiefs defense can make life difficult for them (Not that they're an elite defense but they're pretty damn good if given the opportunity and their opponent is caught slacking)."
What's most important is how much better Lamar's passing is. He's throwing absolute zingers all day.
"Good points, but most teams don’t have a Garret/Watt wrecking shit either. Those two are elite talents.  Let’s see what happens against more pedestrian lines before sounding the alarms."
"I know I'm not the only one when I say that this felt like the least rewarding win we've had in a very long time. Hardly feels like a win at all, and to me, that's because of everything you just mentioned above. 

It felt like the last two seasons with Joe Flacco and Marty, nothing but dump offs and a few check downs. Our line effectively ensured that Mark Andrews, Brown and the rest of our textbook Corp was effectively out of the entire game. 

Oh, and also, where the FUCK was Dobbins this entire night besides his 40 yard scamper in garbage time??? Did he have a bad week of practice or something? What gives?

Also, we are NOT going to be win like this against the chiefs or Washington with our line so suspect."
I felt at times Lamar was doubting himself on the rush attempts. A couple times I felt he was in two minds.
"Unpopular opinion: The OL wasn't as bad as it seemed on passing plays.

I thought lamar ran into 2 sacks and was indecisive on a third. Unlike week 1 & most weeks, I thought lamar was feeling too many ghost pressures while not reading the leverage of pass rushers which led to sacks. For instance, tyre Phillips had his man blocked on one play. Lamar scrambled in a way that allowed the DL to uncover and sack him. Tyre went from doing a good job pass blocking a guy to ""allowing"" a sack because his qb ran into the defender's path.

The Texans did a good job squeezing the pocket with their ends. However, we've seen lamar move brilliantly in the pocket in situations like that in the past. Today, lamar looked like the lamar we saw in the steelers game last yr. 

Also, I thought jj watt in particular was great at readingand attacking the mesh point.

Either way, lamar still had an efficient and productive day. He is a great player. I just thought he made the OL's job harder than it should've been today in a few instances.

The OL's run blocking on the other hand wasn't good in the first half."
""
"Honestly, there’s no one who consistently gets the short end of the stick as much as Tyrod. I really doubt Herbert doesn’t start after that performance. Sending all positive vibes to him, but man just terrible luck in his career. 

Selfish: Would love to have him back in Charm City if anything happens to RGIII"
He looked terrible last week and Herbie looked real good today. He won't be the starter
Tyrod is not good. He is a backup.
If anyone watched it breaks my heart to see Boyle apparently doesn't get along with Humphrey.
"I think it’s just a joke between Marlo and Boyle, cause if I’m not mistaken Marlon always calls him a “jerk” and maybe Boyle gets a lil hurt from it, but I don’t think they DON’T get along."
Haven't seen it but who cares. I have disliked a lot of coworkers over the years. You can't like everyone
I think it’s a mixture and of things. You’ve got a quiet ass white guy around a bunch of hype high energy black guys. Their energy doesn’t match at all. I don’t think it’s as big of a problem as it seems tho.
It didn’t seem like anything to me
"Unpopular opinion: Marlon strikes me as the kind of guy I would hate to be around every day.

That said he's a baller ass corner so who cares what my perception of him is based on limited social media insight."
I honestly felt so awkward watching that. It really seemed like Boyle and Andrews hated Marlo.
Why what happened?
"Man its the first I'm hearing about it, but we don't need to more beef or drama in the locker room after the earl Thomas shit"
Damn thats whack lol
Marlon honestly sounds irritating lol
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bruh these bandwagoners are something else
"Dude....were not invincible. Texans have strengths and weaknesses just like we do. They have playmakers, guys like JJ watt are destined to make an impact. Relax, we'll be fine."
Naw still feels like a win to me nephew
"My god man.  The browns have Garret.  The Texans have Watt.  Those two are game wreckers + the rest of the talent on those lines.  Ravens O-line isn’t elite, but it’s certainly not time to sound the alarms yet."
Found the fan that didn’t sit through 2013-17
Duv didnt score
"We are 2-0.. I doesnt matter if you win by 1 or 30...A win's a win. As a matter of fact: How does a win feel like a loss? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
You fans need a damn Snickers.."
"All those problems and we still won by 3 scores. Which tells me we will probably be okay.

Also Duv didn't score."
"the opponent is allowed to make plays, they are professional athletes too"
"If out-gaining our opponent by 100 yards, controlling the clock, and doubling the scoreboard is getting exposed... expose me 14 more times. We just took 3 knees inside their 30 to win fella. Sober up."
Chill it’s week 2 🤦🏼‍♂️
"Man I literally just sat here watching the game and said out loud.. I still can't figure out how to feel about putting up 30 pts a game consistently.. it's such a change from every year ever. No matter how bad the o-line play was, or how lethargic it seemed.. you still gotta bring at LEAST a 30 bomb to stay in touch with Lamar..so far the only teams averaging that besides us is the Packers and Seahawks, and most likely the Saints after tomorrow..

Then you look at the defense and the Packers and Hawks are giving up 22.5 pts a game vs our 11 pts a game.. next best defense is the Raiders giving up 15 a game..

Point is.. we are the most balanced team in the NFL bringing the most explosive offense with a TOUGH defense, neither has to be perfect and can give a little which is what you saw the last two weeks.. Garrett and Watt both did what they get paid for.. some of the best in the game.. on offense Chubb and Hunt are gonna get their yards on ANY night.. Watson is gonna make plays and try to win.. but nobody is putting it all together like we are right now.."
you can't fault the O line for giving up the hits to lamar by JJ. JJ is a top echelon defensive player who is capable of making any O line break down. it just is what it is. they'll get better but i'm certainly not gonna fault em for not being able to stop jj watt.
"Holy fuck.....

We got some fans on here actually complaining about the offense. Not that they played poorly, just that they didn't play good enough, despite scoring 30 points. Like...I honestly never believed that day would come. I'm an old school Ravens fan, I remember production like this was rare and appreciated. So I'm a little shocked at some of the posts I'm seeing. It's not in big numbers, yet. 

But I would like to remind old and new fans just how good we have it right now. Old fans that are complaining, remember boller and streaky flacco. That's all I'll say, new fans. Take it easy, it's 33 points. Against what I consider to be a good team, so hopefully this post puts some of the complaints I'm seeing into perspective. 

We are lucky to have Lamar.

Edit. Furthermore, the chiefs didn't do too well on offense either. More perspective for you."
I'll take the W any day of the week.  You play to win the game!!!
"Anybody that saw Boller and Flacco must literally thank their stars to have Lamar Jackson as QB right now. He is far and away the best football player in the league and let's just be thankful we have him. Flacco was streaky sure but when he stunk, he was a lot of wood under center. Literally."
"I was at work thinking ""huh off day for the offense"" then I thought ""huh I remember when we beat the Bills like 13-7 only a few short years ago."" 


Bandwagoners, man."
Agree with you but offense didnt score 30 pts. Just want to credit our D which in those days you speak of were also like our offense too! Today the D scoop n score reminded me of those days..
"We played a smart game, managed our lead and ran out clock

It may not have been big explosive passing plays, but it meant we didn't take any risks and maximised our chance of winning the game."
New fans are insufferable. Kids can't appreciate shit
"I'm happy with the comfortable W, but am concerned about IOL play and still have questions about our passing game. We did not necessarily need it today, but I still want to see what Boykin and Hollywood got. We might get a chance next week with Kansas City."
"It’s football, let’s be happy that we are getting scores from every way possible: Rushing, Throwing, Defensive turnovers. Well oiled machine"
"Honestly I’m fine with it. Shows that as a team, we can win different ways depending on how the defense is playing. Browns want to stop the run? Lamar throws for 275 and 3 touchdowns. Texans want to stop the big plays? We dink and dunk and run our way to the win. 

And it’s only week 2. We’re 2-0 while not playing our best."
Only real complaint is too many sacks. Never didn't have the lead to complain too badly.
"Idk about others but personally I was concerned just bc we saw what a well-oiled machine we were last year and we still came up short. I'm not ungrateful that we can finally expect the team to handle lesser teams, but I just get worried what will happen we go up against true championship contenders. Those teams will exploit your weaknesses"
I’m happy about the offense they are top 5 in the league just concerned about the line it’s getting Lamar killed.
"Most years, a lot of teams don't gel until after 4 games. This year, with no preseason, it may be 6 games. I'm happy with the progress, though, and look forward to more."
The bandwagon is real
I'm almost positive I heard him say he would've voted for Russ for MVP last year but he lost his ability to vote because he didn't submit his ballot the year before...... Essentially ruining Lamars unanimous mvp.  Ive spent enough time listening to him praise Pittsburgh as is. Now that.
"He is a spiteful, hateful, SOB that has consistently hated on the Ravens. Just listen to that chicken neck fuck call a Steelers/Ravens game and you'll understand that he is uber biased POS. That is the reason why I don't trust PFF one bit."
"I’ve found I really like Tony Romo, Jim Nanz.

Edit: Charles Davis"
"I believe a few people voted Russ all-pro but didnt dare vote for anyone else for MVP, I don't think Collinsworth was one of them though. 

He is hella biased in his commentary though for the team he prefers."
And he would have been the lone idiot. There was no one last year that was even remotely close to Lamar. There is just no arguement to be made for anyone else.
What can you expect from a sad and ringless former bengal? A team who’s only job is to spite the AFC division leader.
"People who think MVP just means ""Elite quarterback with the worst teammates"" are wrong and stupid and bad."
chris collinsworth reminds me always of the gimp from pulp fiction.
Lamar is still better then Wilson.
"Yeah, I heard this too and was like what?? Then he was laughing like yah I WOULD have been that one guy.. oh well

Bah"
"Besides all the comments here about bias, my biggest beef with Collinsworth is he's shitty at his job.  He'll say stuff like ""That looks like a catch, but I don't know what a catch is any more.""  Dude, it's your fucking job!  How about you look up the goddamn rule and learn what a fucking catch is!

Edit: If I told my boss, ""These JavaScript libraries keep changing, I don't know how to code anymore."" I'd be fucking fired."
Hey wait as an old time fan I love Chris Collins Collinsworth and he has always always had the ravens back as much as a color guy can.  He called both our superbowls before we even got to the playoffs
""
:(
This image has been reported.
No fro marlo
"Is Marlon finally off the market? Cuz if you go to that megkurkowski chick in his comments, from her instagram story, she look likes she's watching his cat snowflake right now 👀

Sorry, I was bored this morning 😂"
Noooooooo
Hopefully it grows it back :((
Okay. Why did Marlo cut off his fro?
Is that the joker suit?
Did he ride his bike to the game?
Why should anyone care? Bigger issues in the world these days
""
"Yea i heard that too, after watching JTuck kick 4 FGs today"
tuck would’ve made that 58 yarder too tho
Oh ok I wasn't the only one to do this
"I hope that next Monday night Justin Tucker hits. 63 yard game winner so then we can use the ""and I took that personally meme"""
"Seems people have already forgotten about that 61 yard GW, but whatever"
"Romo is such a Chiefs blowhard. I honestly am happy we don't have them for the chiefs, he never sea impressed by lamar."
I did the same thing!
"I felt the same watching the 2 Pats' games and the commentator going on about Cam's option read play and how long he holds the ball while making the read. Like seriously, did you watch a single Ravens' game in 2019."
Tucker is the greatest kicker *of all time*
"If I hear the words ""best kicker"" its a built in trigger in my brain, it'll catch my attention everytime"
I'm not looking for a Butker Vs. Tucker duo. Jackson vs. Mahomes is what we are coming for.
Anyone notice the obvious he’s playing in a fucking stadium when he kicks 58 yards go kick 58 yards in fucking charm city brother
Automatic
Who?
I know all of Reddit loves him but I really don't think Romo is that great of an announcer
[deleted]
"lamar never got this type of praise even when he was going on a historic run last season, never this type of adulation, even before the season started alot of folks annointed russ the MVP. 
why was it so diff from lamar? it seems to me russell is the perfect ''type'' of qb and face for the nfl they want to promote, not the florida dialect heavy qb"
Lamar was voted a unanimous MVP. I think he got his recognition.
"Lamar got plenty of praise once the season was underway last year. He was unanimous MVP.

Russell Wilson is arguably the best QB playing right now and he's a good dude. Deserves every bit of it."
"If you're going by that broadcast, than yea, Collins would suck Wilson's dick dry if he could. But right now, Wilson is dominating. His numbers are ridiculous. 

Praising one QB is not a knock on another."
"> lamar never got this type of praise even when he was going on a historic run last season, never this type of adulation, 

Lol wut?  Did you not watch the games or follow the media last year?  

Yes, a lot of people are saying that it's Wilson's 'turn', but his play so far has been worthy of being considered.  It's a long season, and if awards were given in the preseason, the Browns would have won the Superbowl last year."
"People were all over Lamar’s dick man. 

He was unanimous MVP, cover of Madden, running on sports center nonstop. People were constantly saying “oh my god he actually can pass??!” 

It was glorious. Not sure what planet you were on but this post just sounds whiny af"
"Bro don't be salty. Lamar gets tons of praise.

Russ has more tds than incompletions rn dude is BALLING"
r/conspiracy
"Russell’s that good, though."
"Let's not have conspiracy theory crap here please. Once the Ravens beat the Seahawks last year, it was nonstop praise for Lamar last year or did you just conveniently forget that?"
"Maybe you’re looking too into it, granted Russ was receiving a lot of recognition last season too and rightfully so he was doing great too. But Lamar did unanimously win MVP, there’s no more recognition than that, and you’d see a highlight of Lamar posted every chance the NFL could post it. Russ is just playing insane at the moment and hopefully he can continue, cause he’s a baller and a great person."
"Lamar was unproven at that point, and announcers/media just play it safe. They know Russ is great, so they don't have to really face the music if he ends up playing poorly enough to lose MVP or MVP Votes. 


Of Drew Lock or Haskins came out this season playing like Wilson did, they wouldn't get the hype from media people because the media people do not have much to work with from other seasons.


Lamar did get hype pretty early on though."
"Dude. There are MANY other players in the league who excell. Russell Wilson is playing incredibly well right now. The dude is making insane throws. His production with the O-lines he’s had is amazing. Lamar is doing Lamar things, he was the Unanimous MVP last year, it’s ok for other people to get attention. 

The media slobbed on our knobs *all* last year, Lamar won player of the week I dont know how many times. Like yes, Lamar has faced adversity for how he sounds but this just seems like a bit of a stretch to me."
Lamar never got praise? What is this man talking about? He literally got the MVP lol
Let’s not be like Seahawks fans last year. There is no reason to shit on Russ to try and prop up Lamar. Let Russ get his well deserved hype and focus on the Ravens.
"Little known fact. 

The announcers are supposed to talk about the teams on the field at the game they are assigned to."
Wilson has earned it for the time being.
"Lamar was the talk of the league all last season. Russell Wilson has been in the league for a long time and is finally getting credit where it's due. He deserves it, he's an excellent QB."
""
"It’s a damn shame his talent and effort is being wasted under Bill O Brien, I hope the best for Deshaun, he’s great."
This poor guy always looks so disheveled when he plays us
"Free Deshaun. I heard a Texans fan-analyst say they got away from Hopkins because his separation/speed didn’t fit their profile. How much speed does BOB want? Will Fuller, Kenny Stills, Brandon Cooks... wtf"
That one throw he made while being hit by 2 dudes today was absolutely ridiculous. I feel bad for this guy he needs to go to a winning team and not some team who’s ran by a clown who traded a generational talent and arguably the best WR in the league in his prime. Just pls don’t go to the Steelers because big Bens time is almost up and they’re desperately going to need a QB.
"The Texans were my #2 before the trade (Diehard Ravens, all the way tho). I can't associate with that stupidity anymore.

RIDE OR DIE, RAVENS."
"With Clemson he was very strong.   
I think that Watson will be a better match with Jackson than RGIII.."
""
Reminds me of Ed Reed
"That pick was insane. One of the best I have ever seen, ngl."
"We just making Deshaun Watson's day even worse lmao 

Side note: that was a great fucking pick tho 👏"
"Since 2015, when he came into the league, Peters has 28 picks. No one else even has 20 in that timeframe.

&#x200B;

He is the Ed Reed of corners and is now where he belongs."
Why don’t I see this play on r/nfl
No love on sportscenter...
No throw. Only take.
"Looks like that pick he had against the Rams...
Just came out of nowhere! Mr Pick-6 back at again"
I thought this was the best play all day!  Even the receiver thought he had it.  You can see him close his hands in anticipation of the catch and Juiceman snatched it out from in front of him.
That’s a straight Ed Reed play. Make an amazing catch and immediately get up and look around to see where he’s gonna run for a TD. MP is just a baller man.
"Really want to see the all-22 for this one, hurry up Gamepass!"
great pick!
So smooth. My eyes became dinner rolls when he flew in from the edge of the screen
https://i.imgur.com/uJxT1kT.gifv
""
"FUCK YES! r/ravens vs r/KansasCityChiefs gif wars are back! 

I am almost as excited for this as I am the matchup"
This is great! How do you even make these? I’m so pumped for ravens chiefs gif war 2
Goddam I love Kansas City week
So damn wholesome. This is gonna be a good week.
Where is Ben
"This is the week for Kansas City Joe’s z-man sandwiches with a side of old bay chips.

Or Maryland crab cakes and whatever KC does for sides,  dunno. I usually just go into a meat coma when I visit family out there."
I was actually asleep when you posted this which is the most pointed part of it
"Begun, the Meme Wars have."
And so it begins...
That asterisk for the knock is genius.
This got me so excited. WELL DONE
We definetly need u/BenRosen
"I wish all chiefs fans were like you, /r/KansasCityChiefs... if only..."
Unpopular opinion or sheer fact? Real pity.
Webb was better and slightly healthier
Idk why everyone feels the need to shit on Tavon
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iwucqh)"
""
"After 2 weeks, this guy has stood out for me.

He looks so fast.

Can’t wait to see his progression throughout the year."
"He had a lot of good plays yesterday, including some that won't show up on the stat sheet. His coverage on the TE on the early 4th down play that led to Ricard's TD was great; that was a pick six if Watson makes a better throw. And I counted at least twice when Watson could have scrambled for an easy conversion on third down but Queen took a good angle and cut him off with his speed. 

Zero stats on all those plays but each potentially could have altered the course of the game.

He needs to work on playing downhill and David Johnson shook him to get wide open, though Watson overthrew him badly. But he was billed as being really fast and really smart and so far we've seen that shine through."
"If he learns how to watch the QB from Peters, we could have an elite level ballhawk and blitz artist."
Proving to Ozzie that LSU boys can ball too 😤
""
"That’s basically a Thumb Spica Splint, not a cast. They can be worn for either acute injuries or chronic/long standing injuries that they want to protect. This could be anything from a simple sprain to a small fracture. If his hands have been heavily taped/braced all year this could just be an ongoing thing. But he’s also and O-lineman so it shouldn’t hinder him too much."
These guys get their hands caught up all the time that's why their hands are always FUBAR like Booger McFarland..
did anyone peep nick boyle actually being upset with marlon? said he’s always a dick to him in the locker rooms or something and didn’t bump fists with him. hmmmm. it was honestly hella awkward cause it was at the end of his live video
"The way he was playing against JJ Watts, it looked like his whole body was in a cast."
If I'm not mistaken he's been in one of those before
"Justin Tucker, right down the middle!"
Baltimore Ravens are Super Bowl Champions
The Hay Is In The Barn
Fuck the steelers patriots and browns
Almost as good as Harrison Butker /s /s /s
"Baltimore, the Lombardi Trophy is yours!!!"
[deleted]
He wouldn't secure shit
The team was worse last year WITH Jefferson lol
Please god no
🤔🤔🤔🤔..NOPE
Smith played a lot of safety even after Tavon went to the sideline. It seems they are happier with Smith at the hybrid safety role and Averett (don't know how to spell) as the slot.
"Honestly Tavon is a luxury. Our defense was good without him, it will continue to be good without him. I honestly think we don’t even need Tavon"
Oh piss off
Possible ET3 reunion? 🤣
TJ was only horrible because they played him out of position and made him handle play calling responsibilities. In his nature position without that responsibility he is a baller. Recency bias is very strong though.
""
"This user posted across multiple NFL subreddits, this is by every definition spam"
Do we bring him up from the Practice Squad now that Young is done for the year? I don’t think we can operate with 4 corners.
"It’s Monday morning, let Eric get into the office.

We’re in good hands 😉"
"I was thinking this as well. I'd imagine Bonds gets promoted and we make Geno Stone active on game day.

This allows us also to move Elliott and Stone around. I could see jimmy now getting looks at S more"
""
We are ahead of them because we are 1-0 in the division. Not that it really matters in week 2.
"That can't be right, when you sort it by division we're leading because we have a division game in hand and better conference record, then when you sort by league we're ahead of them again and best in the AFC."
They aren’t according to the NFL App we are first in the AFC.
That’s not even true nor would it matter at all if it was.
"Oh, dear God."
Offer no longer appears in my dunkin app. Does Dunkin think ravens will win so much that it will hurt its profits?
"we've won, but at what cost?"
They changed it to a free coffee on game days. So you still get a fee one but it’ll usually be on sundays now.
I'm from SC and we used to get like 1.99 glazed dozen donuts after Panthers win. Just so happened they made the SB that year and we haven't had it since
"Do you see the Qb we have now? 

He looks like he only plans on losing 1-2 game a year.

So to answer your question, yes!

Go Ravens 😎"
It’s free coffee on ravens game days now. I got mine yesterday 😎
Does anyone have info on this guy for the Texans? He was all over the field in the game yesterday making shoe string tackles against 2-3 blockers with no backup. Probably saved over 100 yards of offense. I saw 2018 3rd rounder but we should go after this guy for our team. Looks like a straight playmaker. Wears a good number too
That play where he fought off Andrews' block to tackle Lamar in the fourth was nasty. If he doesn't a) break past a man 50 pounds heavier than him and b) tackle one of the most elusive runners in football then Lamar was going to take that 80 yards to the house and we'd have gotten a nice half-quarter of RGIII.
"Definitely had a good game today, but he got juked for a touchdown by a rookie RB last week.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=W2F9DNnkpVA"
It was crazy because that dude kept up with Lamar most of the game.  Every time he tried to turn the corner for a big gain he was right there!
Yeah Reid looked good. As did watt and Hargraves.
"So now we're gonna ask EDC to sign every player that has a good game vs us?

Smh"
And Justin Tucker putting an end to the dumbass debate Nantz and Romo started. Still can't believe these guys acted like Tucker didn't even exist
[deleted]
It's a new kicker every year that someone says is better and then by the end of the year it's clear that justin Tucker is yet again the best kicker in the league.
"Man, I want to like Romo but he's got no love for Baltimore"
"Meh, Tucker’s suffering from the MJ effect: he’s so damn good for so damn long, the media’s rushing to find someone else that’s close to Tucker’s level to generate clicks. Other kickers have tried to claim the prize of GOAT kicker, and they’ve all fallen, one by one.

Plus. Tucker’s got it easy now with Lamar (and Harbaugh embracing analytics on 4th downs.) He used to have to m kick 50+ yd field goals 7-10 times a season with Flacco. He only had ONE last year with Lamar starting every game. That’s insane."
"I love how personally we are taking this. You may insult my mother, and you may insult my children, but you will not insult my kicker and survive this day!"
"i would be okay with Ravens v Chiefs games just being a kicking competition. No game, just 2 special teams units going at it."
What was the stat the announcers made in game? Like 64 field goals in a row when the distance is under 40? That's some legendary stuff right there.
How insecure are we that we are hoping an opposing kicker misses kicks so our kicker looks better. Let Tucker's performance speak for itself. I hope Butler makes multiple 50 yarders and Tucker just out kicks him. Besides Butker misses too many XPs to be compared to Tucker. His FG kicking is very good but his XP% is league average.
Idiots do as idiots see. Fish in a pond syndrome.
"Apparently Chiefs kicking unit have been caught possibly cheating. 
https://twitter.com/Ya_Boy_Matty/status/1308050280848781312?s=20"
"Looks like the questions might have been too tough.  No 3 or 6 point winners.  Better luck this week as the Ravens host the Chiefs.  On to the good stuff...

#Week 2 Results

|Score|Guess|Result|
|:--|:--|:--|
|+6|Final Score|33-16 Ravens|
|+3| Total COMBINED field goals made |7 (Ravens 4, Texans 3)|
|+1| Distance of the longest RAVENS passing play |21-45 (Jackson pass to Andrews for 29 yd)|

#scoring

|Earns|Winner(s)|
|:--|:--|
|+6| none |
|+3| none |
|+1| u/No0ther0ne u/TheProGamer77 u/ogdonut u/Gio52903 u/RamRod013 u/gboccia u/Cryophobiaa u/samvikingo u/Paraxom u/steamyjeans33 u/SC0RCHER55 u/SheUsedToLoveMe u/zaraxia101 u/MarcusMcGuane|

**Lucky Guess Standings after Week 2**

|Rank|Username|+6|+3|+1|Total Points|
|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| 1 | u/SC0RCHER55              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 1 | u/samvikingo             | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 1 | u/MarcusMcGuane              | 0 | 1 | 2 | 5 |
| 2 | u/GandalfTheSilverFox              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/Juggling_T_Rex             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/kevin12345420              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/ColoradoRavensFan              | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 2 | u/JayJayfortheRavs             | 0 | 1 | 1 | 4 |
| 3 | u/Folby_Orb   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/NaanBradOSRS   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/acemanico   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/Baroudii   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/SNRavens91   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/IcelandicRaven   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/Ioanni_hackvirtus  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/peanutburger   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/FricknPlausible   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/gnarkilleptic   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/AHoneyBC  | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/CarelessCompetition   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/680Man   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 3 | u/zombiereign   | 0 | 1 | 0 | 3 |
| 4 | u/King_Clitorus    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/YEAH_J22TS   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/iceup17    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Mrusername   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/No0ther0ne    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/TheProGamer77   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/ogdonut    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Gio52903  | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/RamRod013    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/gboccia   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Cryophobiaa    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/Paraxom   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/steamyjeans33    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/SheUsedToLoveMe   | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |
| 4 | u/zaraxia101    | 0 | 0 | 1 | 1 |

#Week 3

#Chiefs @ Texans

**Guesses submitted after 12/28/20 at 8:15pm EST will not be counted.**

**Scoring will be as follows:**

* 6 points: final score (with winner)  
* 3 points: Total COMBINED turnovers
* 1 point: Distance of the longest RAVENS rushing play (none, 1-20 yds, 21-45 yds, 46+ yds)

#Good luck!"
"View in your timezone:  
[12/28/20 at 8:15pm EST][0]  

[0]: https://timee.io/20201229T0115?tl=Lucky%20Guess%202020%20(Week%203)"
"Score: 35-32 ravens 
2 combined turnovers
Longest ravens rushing play 21-45 yards"
"33-28 Ravens

3 turnovers

1-20 yards"
"34-28 Ravens

2 total TOs

21-45yrds"
"45 - 42 Ravens 

3 Turnovers

21-45"
"31-27 Ravens

0 turnovers (I assume this is only fumbles and Int, not turnover on downs?)

Longest Ravens rush: 21-45 yds"
"40-27 ravens.

4 turnover 

21-45 rush"
"37-35 Ravens 

3 combined

21-45 yds"
"55-48 Ravens

2 total TO’s

21-45 yards"
"34-28 Ravens
3 turnovers
21-45 yards"
"38-37 


2 combined turnovers 


35 yards"
"34-28 Ravens

1 turnover 

1-20"
"27 - 24 Ravens

4 turnovers

21-45"
"Score 24-21 Ravens, 2 combined turnovers, longest run play 21-45 yards"
"45 42 Ravens

2 turnovers. 

21-45"
"34-31 Ravens

3 turnovers

21-45 yards"
"38-34 ravens 

3 total TOS

21-45 yards"
"38-27 KC

4 turnovers

21-45"
"33- 28 chiefs (unfortunately)

3 total combined turnovers

21-45 yard play"
"I don't get this. At the time the second question was combined turnovers. There were 2. Under ""results"" it says combined field goals, which were 7. 

For the third question, at the time we guessed it was longest rush. Under ""results"" it says longest pass play.  Longest rush was Dobbins at 44, so 21-45 would be the right guess.

It also has a deadline of 12/28 to make your guess, and the Week 3 matchup says ""Chiefs at Texans""."
"57 - 19 Ravens

3 turnovers

46+

also Judon with two strip sacks and a Ravens Special Teams TD"
"34-27 Ravens

2 total turnovers

21-45 yards"
""
"30 minutes of him and cam just saying big truss 100 different ways, sign me up"
"Cam Jordan is hilarious and one of my favorite non-Ravens, I don’t know if the internet is ready for this lol"
I really don't listen to podcasts.....but I'm going to 100% listen to this
Thank you lord two of the funniest giving us the content that 2020 desperately needs
I need this in my life.
Fellas the podcast is pretty good. First episode was Kamara. He talked about having to play hurt under Nick Saban and he just couldn't. Talked about junior college and how it was a horrible experience. I like Kamara a lot. Cool personality but he doesn't show accountability for his actions. Nothing is ever his fault. The Hollywood Brown episode dropped today and Ill check it out tonight.
"I don't wanna sound too entitled. Ravens won but something was off. Was it because the Llama got too many sacks? Or Llama didn't throw dimes like he did against the browns.


Something feels off."
"Lamar’s passing was still great in this game.

The issue is the offensive line. Lamar is not getting a clean pocket, and the running game is getting very little help.

Outside of a few games, we have a very easy regular season schedule. The team is talented enough that poor O-line play will not sink us. But if this is not addressed in time for the postseason, then we’re in trouble."
"Interior of the offensive line is a liability.

Outside linebackers are also avg, at best.  
Every team has its weaknesses, those are the most glaring ones that I see after 2 weeks.

I just hope the line doesn’t get Lamar injured."
"The interior is a problem.  There's a mid-level prospect, a guy recovering from a major knee injury and a rookie in there, whereas last year the rookie's spot was filled by a sure-fire Hall-of-Famer.  Stanley is also playing injured, but the sack he gave up yesterday wasn't his fault.  Lamar just chose the wrong lane and ran himself into that one.  Brown struggled with Watt, but Watt is also the toughest test he'll have to face this year.  Man is a mutant.  

There were a lot of pass plays called, but the Texans threw a lot of eight-man boxes up there, so as much as I don't like it, it was still the right choice.  In the end, this was a classic Ravens game, with the run game and defence being the tools by which we won, even though the pass game brought in some big plays.    

I really didn't like their goal line moves in the fourth though, with around five minutes left.  Instead of just lining up power, they used outside runs that went out of bounds, including a Lamar run which was about the worst possible play in that situation, because either Lamar has to go out of bounds and stop the clock or has to take a big hit.  In a three score game its not the end of the world, but setting bad habits is never good."
"I feel like Lamar should be changing the protection at the line more by now. Even though some of the sacks Phillips and Brown straight up got beaten.

But I think we were Ok. Poorly is a stretch. Texans were playing not to get blown out and go 0-2. Most teams know about Lamars speed now especially the Texans after last season, they locked on to Andrews all game long and  [Zach Cunningham](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zach_Cunningham) job was basically to get to the sideline before Lamar if he scrambled. That man was dead tired by the 4Q thats why those runs started coming in Chunks and the end. The first 3Q was Houston playing on all Madden and it still wasn't enough to beat us. They were so tired they're lucky we ran out of clock if that game was 5 mins long it might have ended 50-16"
"Here is exactly why it feels like we played shitty, especially offensively. We only scored 2 offensive touchdowns, one of which was only a 34 yard drive that was set up from a turnover. 

Here’s why we shouldn’t worry. We had 8 drives (excluding the last one that was just to milk the clock out). 5 of those drives we went at least 58 yards. Yes 4 of those 5 drives only ended in field goals and not touchdowns, but the Texans D is a top half D in the league with some top playmakers, and really did their homework in shutting us down near/in the red zone. Then of course we had the 34 yard drive TD, which only leaves 2/8 drives that didn’t come away with points. Us scoring on 75% of drives is an even higher rate than last year, where we averaged scoring 58% of drives. It still fields weird because of the more FGs as the breakdown of this game was 25% TD/drive, 50% FG/drive when we averaged 40% TD/drive 17% FG/drive last year."
We had 16 rushing yards in the first half. We finished with around 230 rushing yards. This both greatly excites me and greatly worries me.
The offensively line play has been poor. Yanda is missed.
We didn't run the ball early in the game. Lamar had his runs but we didn't feed the running backs. It always feels like we aren't as efficient if we don't run the ball early in the game.
"Oline definitely is our weakest group, especially the right side. Good thing is, barring injury, they should get better as Phillips develops as a player and they work on their cohesion, but yeah, no Yanda hurts us bad."
"The offense line was bad and while they ran a lot in the second half when they were up a bit, in the first half they forgot their strength is still running the ball.  LJ was running for his life."
"As others pointed out, the OLine isn’t what it was last year. And it’s not just about the rookie. The whole unit just doesn’t look as good compared to last year. Nothing to panic about just yet, though. Chiefs next week and Washington (whose DLine was amazing Week 1) the week after will be a good test.

Also, maybe it’s just me, but it seemed like Watson started to find the right guys to pick on in coverage, especially when Tavon went down. Queen, Averett, Levine, Elliot, all seemed to me like they got targeted often in coverage."
"Would just like to point out that the stretch of dominance where we demolished the Texans, Rams, Jets etc all in a row was not something you should expect to see again for a long time. 

Great teams find ways to win even when they aren't firing on all cylinders.

With that said yeah this team very clearly needs help in the interior OL and secondary depth. We've still got guys on the team we could try and fill those spots with and I trust EDC to make moves if we continue to struggle."
"If the oline doesn't get their shit together, we're not going to be opening up the deep game this year. Lamar needs more time to throw. 

But at the same time, he's been getting blitzed at a pretty high rate. He needs to recognize this, and either make a shift, or stop standing in the pocket to get drilled. If Watson can roll out and avoid a sack, surely the best running QB (maybe the best runner) in the league can do the same."
O-line needs to be taken care of
The O-line will need to improve.
"Yeah to add to what everyone else is saying, yes we have played poorly but despite that we’ve still had double digit wins and really actually dominated. Once this team starts to gel and play better think how scary they can be."
The interior O-line is not playing well as everyone mentioned. The good news is that since we have such an amazing QB it hasn’t affected us too much since he is so good at escaping and running to the outside. If we had any other QB we would have been struggling to get any yardage the whole game.
"Can anyone say they're too surprised to see the hole left by Yanda... I mean really? 

Guess which side most of those sacks came from. 

I dont think it's an issue we need to be too worry about. Like yeah, there is a weakness there. But it's not downright a hindrance like other teams oline problems. Hell the texans oline was worse than ours. Watson took 13 hits yesterday."
Definitely our offensive line looked off
"Pass protection was bad this game. You're definitely not alone in that.

We also initially was having issues with putting pressure on Watson (though we got to him a lot in the second half) and with Tavon going down, our CB position look thin af again"
Does anybody know why we put tyre Philips in immediately? We have DJ fluker who's a vet. Tyre needed to sit for a little at least. It just doesn't make sense to me.
"They certainly did. I felt the air of melancholy as I woke up this morning. Typically after a Ravens win, I feel energized and happy. We played very poorly in all phases. To give up 16 points to the Texans and score only 33 is pathetic by our standards."
Expect one of two positions to be filled very soon via a trade by EDC. O-line and/or CB.
"You're not wrong. Stat watchers claiming we ran all over em didn't watch the game, we put up 100 rushing yards in trash time, until the 4th we were struggling bc o-line. If it weren't for the turnovers the game could have gone very different. D deserves a lot of credit more than anyone IMO."
"Some of those sacks should be attributed to Lamar holding the ball too long, but Tyre Phillips is a huge liability at RG, and Skura and Orlando Brown are a bit shaky around him."
Not every game is gonna be played perfectly. There were multiple changes to the offensive an defensive lines. There’s going to be a period of adjustments...posts like these make you sound like patriot fans when they don’t get their way.
[deleted]
As soon as i recognized the scene... a smile popped up. Good stuff!
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-vs-Texans-Recap-Week-2-ejutfp](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Ravens-vs-Texans-Recap-Week-2-ejutfp)

2-0 baby!"
""
""
Gus a thicc boi
Next Monday we spar against those punks from Mahomi-Do Karate
Lol -Cobra Truss!
JK Dobbins is extremely handsome.
Justice Hill in shambles
You can sweep Mahomes's leg but he's going to crane kick you for the win in the end. Who cares if kicks to the face are explicitly against the rules?
[deleted]
no 💯
Sell out
Why are you selling it?
here is the [link](http://rover.ebay.com/rover/1/711-53200-19255-0/1?icep_ff3=2&pub=5575378759&campid=5338273189&customid=&icep_item=154097232690&ipn=psmain&icep_vectorid=229466&kwid=902099&mtid=824&kw=lg&toolid=11111)
The fact that this game could become a way too early but still significant match to see who gets home field advantage makes the hype so much more.
I mean it was the same shit last year. I mean no one thought we would end up being the #1 team at that point but we still were 2-0 and a playoff team and Lamar was emerging at that point and we still didn’t even get a primetime game.
I’m definitely concerned for this game cuz we have a shit pass rush and lost tavon young. Im hoping the oline can get their shit together and we can go out and score 40 to try and out score mahomes. Our d is great but the best way to defend mahomes is to rush him and pressure him quick and we don’t really have a joey bosa to do that like the chargers. However we also have lamar who’s looking like he’s taken the next step in his passing game. I think as long as he gets some decent protection we can win this game
Let’s beat the champs
I really wish they would let some fans in
"I wish this game were later in the season, it has very few implications on week 3."
[deleted]
Toasty
This is wonderful
"Lol in the Texans sub someone commented about him doing their logo dirty.

I was doing laundry and thought it was Lamar at first and was like ""why is Lamar running so weird"" then realized it was Ingram."
If i wasnt poor youd have gold
FATALITY
Flawless victory
Sprite Mark Ingram is the best Mark Ingram.
"Damn it, I was expecting the music :/"
All I hear is Peter Griffin saying “Roadhouse”
'**M**AR**K**tial Artist' **M**ar**K** Ingram II
""
It's crazy how good our schedule is this year
I think when you go 14-2 you deserve a good travel plan
"This is so favorable it's going to get stuffed down our throats by the rest of the league for the remainder of the season. Oh well, hopefully it ends with a SB for them to stew about"
Chiefs and Pitt x2 are the only games I'm remotely worried about honestly
That is a good schedule. We might not even have many close games which we really need to get ready for the playoffs.
"> won't have to board another flight until Nov. 8



Are we taking the train to Philly or something? Normally I wouldn't mind, but with covid-19 that seems a little risky."
[removed]
"Everyone has a right to their opinion but I don't think this post is it. You're making it seem like Mahomes is trash, especially when you say the ravens wouldn't make the playoffs if he was our QB. That's a terrible take, the guy just won the superbowl and had a great game."
"I love Lamar, and am glad he’s my quarterback, but Im not a homer to the point where I say he’s better than Mahomes. 

They’re both truly excellent. Also you giving no credence to that defensive line from the chargers is kind of telling.

-edit- this kid is 17 years old and has a *lot* to learn. Any KC fans lurking he doesnt represent all of us, so please don’t say “Ravens fans are saying Lamar is better than Mahomes” when it’s this one dumb kid."
I think this year there honestly can be an argument made
"bro i’ve been a lamar fan since his freshman year at louisville but this is a bad take. Mahomes is easily the best qb in the league no question and rn russ is probably better too. Don’t use 2 games this season to judge him, mahomes stats through his career so far are literally on another level compared to anyone else in nfl history. You can definitely make the case that lamar has played better than mahomes in his 2 games this season but come on mahomes is overall a better player, and that’s ok cuz lamar is pretty damn good too"
Looks like th 5G finally got someone
"Im a ravens fan. 

Both are great players.

Mahomes has beaten Lamer twice. 

I say right now Mahomes is better right now."
This ain’t it fam
"You’re an idiot. 

I love Lamar but he’s not better than Mahomes. It’s not a knock on Lamar but his arm talent as a passer isn’t on Mahomes level. Sure Jackson is a better runner but mahomes is more than good enough moving around in the pocket and scrambling when he needs to."
"You are epitome of what shitty fans are.

Go back to HS with your stupid takes"
"I'd say Mahomes is better right now.

Lamar is making it an argument. Hard to argue with the raw arm talent of Mahomes right now though. Hate to use some cliche type arguments but if I'm sitting in the Super Bowl in the 4th quarter with the game on the line and I need a big throw Mahomes is still clearly the guy between the two."
"Shake off that purple vision dude. This post is not it. 

“He has to rely on his kicker” this is so so far off my man. Think you should school up a little!"
Nice satire!!
"Mahomes is still 1a, and Jackson/Wilson are 1b and 1c. Lamar needs to get over the Playoff hump and get that SB ring first. Mahomes is just on another level right now, and I love my Llama."
"So stats don't lie? Mahomes had more touchdowns and more yards than Lamar  and Mahomes was apparently trash last game? So does that make Lamar trash? Needs a kicker to bail him out... Tucker had a total of 15 points, the defense scored a TD... and a FB had to bail him out with an amazing catch from a crappy throw. Lamar holds a rushing record but Mahomes has more superbowls and playoff wins as well as he will be the quickest qb to throw 10,000 yards hes 98 yards shy of the record. Your eating to many purple pills if you think Lamar is better than Mahomes at this point in his career."
"I think that they are neck and neck. Hard to say that one is “better”. Of course I always say Lamar is because he is my lord and savior. But him and Mahomes are both up there. A Super Bowl this year would edge Lamar ahead imo. But there are some great QBs this year. Wilson, Murray, Arod, Allen. Even cam newton looks like he did in 2016. But don’t ever come off that hill cuz. We need soldiers like you up there."
Hopefully we get to enjoy this argument for years to come.  I for one welcome the new era of elite QBs.
"Lot of non-belee’rs for a Ravens sub. Looking like an r/nfl thread.

Shame on all of you."
Well fuck this one obviously is poking some nerves 😂😂😂😂
and I love the fandom too
For real his weapons are insane
I like your passion. They are both great qbs. But post season wins is kinda important.
""
I love Lamar Jackson.
Lamar Jackson
"The most humble, the most dynamic, the most talented and the hardest working QB in the league. What's not to love? Oh by the way he is only 23 and younger than Burrow whose asshole most pundits are burrowing their heads into and sniffing like its cocaine."
Lamar Jackson
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
We should make this move. Incredibly versatile player who would fill void left by Tavon
"Him and Tavon are the best slot corners in the league so idk how we'll roster 2.

Granted Tavon going on IR but trading for King would let Tavon know he's gone"
"Loved him coming out of Iowa. I don’t see how it would happen, but that would be a dream"
Source? Don't see anything about it on /r/nfl or /r/Chargers but if true I agree that we should go after him
I'm hip. Him or robey coleman is cool with me
"Trade a 3rd or 4th for him on his expiring rookie deal, and receive a 4th round comp pick when he leaves in the off-season. A 1 year rental to move down 1 or 2 rounds in the draft. More than worth it"
We need to resign players to big contracts. They need to come first.
EDC warming up his fifth rounders
If they accept a 4th we'd actually end up recouping it with a comp pick should we fail to retain him.
YEEEEEEEESSSSSS LOVE HIM
"Can never have enough talented corners slot or otherwise. For a team that is run by speedy small receivers like Tyreek Hill and others, we can afford to have both. I say this trade is coming soon to a theater near you."
"I wanted him so bad based on YT hype videos lol

I think he had a poor 40 yard time and seeing him go as late as 5th (or 6th ?) made me wonder why we didn't take a chance on him. Could have plugged the defense and return jobs."
"I’m an Iowa alum so of course I’d like another Hawkeye. But as always, I’ll just trust the front office to do what they do."
[deleted]
"Don’t worry, we got it this year."
They wear #8
[removed]
The memes would be endless
"Wait, is going from the Jets TO the Ravens even allowed??"
Truss
"For those who might not know...there was an undrafted free agent named Lamar Jackson, who plays cornerback. 

He signed with the jets and is surely available for pennies on the dollar"
Can't wait to see his Jackson Five.
He’s an upgrade to Averett
"Happy as fuck with the team.

Just an observation..

when one of our guys makes an outstanding play on O, he almost always rewarded with the very next offensive play call.

If I notice it, D coordinators absolutely are too. The reward play is almost zero net yards. 

Let's get to the word to Greg!

..."
"If anything, ive noticed Lamar seems to feed the ball back to people who mess up, almost like an effort to keep them in the game. For instance, Ricard fumbled that ball at the goal line last week but Lamar went to him knocking on the door this week"
I can’t say I’ve noticed this at all? Can you give some examples?
Lol
"One of the quickest LB’s I’ve ever seen. Dude is just a
Solid player and I think he’s becoming one of the best players on this defense, slowly but surely."
Idk about one of the quickest LBs ever seen but he’s definitely blossoming into a staple on the D. Love Fort
"He’s auditioning to be overpaid by the Jets, Colts, or Browns.  

Get your money LJ!"
"He stands out in the defense, dude is always around the ball."
He deserves pro bowl recognition this year.
""
"Help us u/BenRosen, you’re our only hope

[Edit: And so it begins ](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/ix6q8g/oc_sounds_like_rkansascitychiefs_has_got_a_case/)"
[It’s Happening!!](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/489/680/eaf.gif)
That was good lol
Mannnnnn... He had to chose Walken... dammit... upvotes he gets.
What is this from?
"This game is going to feature the greatest kicker of all time.

Also Justin Tucker is pretty good as well."
[deleted]
Noice
Very excellent!
'LaMark'
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
"At least six players suffered a torn ACL (or there is at least a fear of a tear) in Week 2: Giants RB Saquon Barkley, Broncos WR Courtland Sutton, 49ers DE Nick Bosa, 49ers DL Solomon Thomas, Ravens CB Tavon Young and Seahawks LB Bruce Irvin.

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
EVERYONE GET IN HERE ITS THAT TIME OF YEAR AGAIN
"u/everymanawildcat, [u/jordanfolken](https://www.reddit.com/user/jordanfolken/), [u/pork\_ribs](https://www.reddit.com/user/pork_ribs/) 🌞howdy!"
"What’s better, the gif war or the actual game?"
That screensaver!  You truly are the Justin Tucker *(the GOAT for all you Chiefs fans)* of GIFs.
">If you could just... Go ahead and play better

Oof right in the lymph nodes"
"Best one I've seen yet. 

I love this movie but I'm Gen-X.  Is this film popular with the under 40 crowd?  Just curious since reddit skews young."
"What a glorious time of the year, r/Ravens vs r/KansasCityChiefs gif war time.

^(Oh yeah, and I guess the game will be pretty good too.)"
I love you u/BenRosen
This is the best week of football
HOLY SHIT IT’S THE GOAT
This is just what I needed on a Monday. Let’s go!
Omg its happening. Stay calm. STAY FUCKING CALM !!
This is perfect 😂
"My favorite time of the year. 

Let’s go 2-0 this week! GIF war first then Monday night second"
"i love the subtlety, the kc logo screensaver and the ravens logo with the 2 lombardis on the coffee cup haha"
omg the 2x super bowl champ mug... ***chef’s kiss***
I’m so effing pumped! The game is on my birthday this year and this GIF War is going to be top tier. My 2020 just got much better!
HES BACK BEN IS BACK
"We beat the Texans by 17 points. They only beat the Texans by 14.


Checkmate, r/KansasCityChiefs"
If this team handles business against KC I will be 4000% more confident in their ability to go the distance than I was last year even after they won 12 straight
"Just thought of this.  The possibilities are endless.

If I had any gif skills whatsoever I'd try but Aniston and Peter we're watching kung-fu.  We need Big Truzz 21 karate kicking on the screen."
"##r/KansasCityChiefs
---------------------------------------------
^(For mobile and non-RES users) ^| 
[^(More info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/botwatch/comments/6xrrvh/clickablelinkbot_info/) ^| 
^(-1 to Remove) ^| 
[^(Ignore Sub)](https://np.reddit.com/r/ClickableLinkBot/comments/gpbgg1/ignore_list/)"
OH MY GOD IT'S HAPPENING
Chiefs fan here and this is a great entry in to the Chiefs/Ravens meme war!  Looking forward to an epic game!
"As a Chiefs fan, I approve of this."
"Awesome.

P.S. We deserve it."
Ravens vs chiefs gif war is my favorite holiday of the year
"Ravens week let's gooooo

been looking forward to this game for months...but the GIF war even more

good luck in all your games except this one, boys"
I love this
Outstanding!
It’s gonna be a spicy week
I love all of you HQ gif makers
"Watching that left me agitated and annoyed, but ultimately impressed with execution."
Ben in mid season form lol. Love it.
It's the small details. Look at the dude's coffee cup.
"Oh shit, he back"
Lol this is hilarious. Two great football teams with two great subreddits and awesome memes all week. I’m here for it. Good luck y’all!
As a chiefs fans this made my whole week
THE KING HAS RETURNED
It’s Happening Ron Paul .gif
I love this part of the week before our games. How you guys feeling about your team? What’s been the biggest weaknesses?
Well done. 'Tis going to be a good week. Go Chiefs and good luck out there.
Truly incredible
Hahaha that’s awesome.
That you animated the screensaver is the most impressive part of this.  The little details lol
"I feel bad upvoting this, but goddamn, that’s some quality work. Anyway, go chiefs and all that."
"This shit pisses me off.

How dare someone else make high quality memes.

This is going to be a good week"
"Wish I had an award to give this, well done"
Hot damn. Someone send this to the Chiefs o line and see if it gets them to show up to work on Monday.
"this is so good

we need to step up our game!"
How do we make gifs? I want to join the party
THIS WAS FUCKING HILARIOUS AND EVERYTHING I'VE BEEN EXPECTING FROM THIS GIF BATTLE. I MISSED U GUYS!!!
"I like how you made yourselves Lumberg, lol ;) Here we goooo GIF war. Gg."
I love you guys.
Great OC man - hope this becomes a lasting tradition. Another reason to dig Ravens week 🍻
The god of Ravens gifs
TUCKER VS BUTKER
"Haha, the screensaver was a nice touch"
Perfect lol
Chiefs fan here. Well played Ravens...well played.
This is perfection.
NFL needs to schedule this regular season meeting for the next 5 years!!! Just for the GIF wars alone 😂😂🤣🤣😂😂
Ben is back baby!!
 You smell that? It's gif season baby!
Respect
this aged well.
wait did you just try to make Lumbergh look like the cool one....
You played the browns and the Texans lmao. Simmer down.
But it didn't matter because the Ravens beat them in all phases of the game
[deleted]
"I don't understand why, but Lamar Jackson seemed slower yesterday"
"I wish we'd taken advantage of this more. Their whole defense, especially Cunningham, was locked in on Lamar's runs. Take half of Lamar's 16 carries and spread them across Ingram, Gus and Dobbins and I bet we gain at least an extra 40 yards on the ground and score an extra TD."
Not bad for a RB eh?
""
"GOOD ONE, RYAN"
"Good answer too. There's a lot of technique in arm wrestling, a lot of people don't know and get there asses kicked."
""
"This is fan-fucking-tastic! 

Join us in “running it back”"
Yes. This is the .jpg shoddiness that I crave
Lamarvelous Decimus Meridius
"Love it! Missed opportunity for the kid to be Suggs :D  
Only reason Lamar would temporarily put his weapon down against KC"
I was really hoping it would be lamar with the shades when he turned around. Thank you for not disappointing. This was awesome
You had me at “unanimous MVP”. Fuckin brilliant.
Love it!!
Nice work!  Smiling the whole ride.
Why does Mahomes look like Eric Andre in those pics near the end? What was happening to him in that picture? Who filled him with that energy?
Good job!
LMAO when he turned around.  Fucking Brilliant.
I fucking love chiefs week
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
This is good stuff hahaha
And that's all I have to say about that.
This gif war is the only good thing to come from 2020.
[deleted]
""
At least some people will be at the game! 250 of close family members of the team and staff included but I’ll take whatever at this point baby.
Step in the right direction for allowing fans to eventually get in the stadium. Wish they used week 1 as this trial period so we could’ve gotten some fans in for the Chiefs game.
"I want to hate Lamar.  I really do.  I want to buy into the false narrative that he's a RB/WR and not a true QB.  I hate that his name keeps being put in the same sentence as Mahomes.  I'm trying to nitpick at his performances to find some tangible differences that will knock him down a peg... but I can't.  QB vs QB, I'm not ready to put much weight on their postseason records just yet.  It's a team game.  Neither is out there throwing stupid interceptions causing their team to lose.  It takes a village to win.  All that went right for Mahomes will also go right for Lamar in the post season.

I truly hope these guys become the next Brady vs Manning, going tit for tat for the next 10+ yrs.  It makes the game that much more entertaining.  I want to be deathly afraid of the Ravens.  The gif wars have been fantastic.  But the comments that a few people leave sometimes are borderline cringeworthy.  95% of the script is hilarious for both teams, but you have that one guy who needs to nitpick on the 5% and get all defensive, mainly over a stat.  

I love Mahomes.  And I'm loving Lamar.  I wanted to paint him as another Michael Vick or Cam Newton... great, but not legendary.  But he completely won me over last season when he wore the white sleeves and glove after the skin color comments.  Gangsta move which made me a fan.  Hoping for both QBs to make highlight reel plays and for a nail biter of a game.  Will make the AFC Championship rematch In January that much more drama filled."
The same to you sir. May our otherworldly quarterbacks continue to dominate together and entertain against one another for years to come.
Most of us feel the same.  You can appreciate both QBs.  What a time to be a fan of either team!
Much love man. Mahomes arm and football iq is unparalleled so is Lamars athletic ability. Both make great plays and have great arms.
"I think Lamar mahomes and Russ are the top 3 QBs and any order of them is acceptable IMO, I’m just happy all three are so likeable I’m rooting for mahomes every other day except Monday and the playoffs"
"truzz Chiefs 🤞🏽🤞🏽 may our QBs stay healthy and have long, entertaining careers"
"Same here.  I want to hate Mahommes but I just can't.  These 2 QBs are changing the game and hopefully they have a long but friendly rivalry.   
Keep the gifs coming.    
 
Iron sharpens Iron."
Well said! Can’t wait for all the games to come
yes man I feel the same way bout mahomes
First rational chiefs fan thank you for actually seeing things the way they actually are
"“I want to hate Lamar.” “I wanted to paint him as another Michael Vick or Cam Newton.”

.........alrighty then"
""
49ers fan supporting the Ravens against the chiefs. That's sus. We got an imposter lol
Idk how to feel about this.
As a ravens fan please for the love of christ invest in knee braces before the game at metlife
Hahaha - 49er fans still salty after that ass-kicking delivered in LIV. I love it.
""
How great would it be for Madubuike to come in and tear it up for us
"We're too busy with this amazing gif war for a damn injury report, give em an icy hot"
Earl Thomas inactive so we won't have to worry about hardman or watkins being 60 yards down field having a picnic by themselves
""
"u/evermanawildcat and I love to debate.

&#x200B;

(h/t u/ordinaryoli for the clip and concept!)"
Go for the jugular daddy
"Jesus, man! Let em live! Did you have to go that hard?"
This legitimately might be the best one. I’m crying
Lmao
"Now I go



You're ""greatest kicker in the league"" missed 4 (four) PATs in one (1) season"
Well done sir. Well done.
*insert unoriginal comeback here*
*Chef’s kiss*
What movie is this from?
"OMG, that last bit had me genuinely laughing out loud, and may have just legit killed the people KC"
Omg I’m cackling
holy shit you killed them
"Vote early!!!

https://elections.maryland.gov/voting/early_voting.html

Maryland early voting begins Monday, October 26 and ends Monday, November 2 (including Saturday and Sunday) from 7 am to 8 pm.  Follow link for locations.

Mail in ballots are being gamed."
Reid > Harbaugh
""
""
"u/Harry_Tomato is this better?

EDIT- **I hope you guys stick around for the “bonus scene” at the very end!**"
"Mahomes will be very upset you wasted all that ketchup at the end!!! It goes on steak and green beans, not the wall!"
"You mess with the flock, you get the glock"
What is this from?
beautiful
""
Tucker 3:16
"#ARRIVE

#EXTRA POINT

#LEAVE"
And that's the bottom line because Tucker said so
Thats cold. Stone cold. I’m stunned.
1 career missed PAT > 7
would havd loved if he got thrown the beers on the turnbuckle and they were 50+ yarders.  Great job!
I love the gif wars between us. I might have spit some beer up to this one. PS i once put old bay on vanilla ice cream.
As a Steelers fan I cant argue (no one should be able to argue) that you have the best kicker in the league if not all time
Tucc
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BUTKER TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
""
"I gotchu, gimme a sec. will update

update: https://imgur.com/dLI2b9L
use responsibly"
""
"As a ravens fan, thanks for getting him that second super bowl ring so he can get his gold jacket first ballot as a Raven😉"
"First of all, how dare you"
"Thanks, I hate it."
"This one gets under my skin, I can't lie. That chain is the icing on the cake"
"Now I love Suggs. But he lucked the fuck out on that one. How many weeks did he spend with the cardinals. It was most of the season wasnt it. He didnt join the chiefs until december. Mid december. XD

Like all the rewards of being a superbowl winning team without all that regular season nonsense."
Good for him. But wack.
You couldn't have won a ring workout him
Chiefs legend? I must have missed the joke
The gloves are off you bastard. Take this upvote and prepare your butthole.
You’re welcome for Sizzle & Priest Holmes you bastard
Terrell*
"Alright, that's it! Time to fight."
Aint even mad lol take an upvote! Sizzle sure lucked out on last season.... imagine if he does something similar this year with Baltimore 😈
Lmao this is hilarious
""
The head dress makes me cringe - I hated seeing them in the stands. I’m glad they’re banned now.
We should make Kansas City go Football Team next I think.
""
I’ll never cease to be amazed at Farleys ability to move his body.
The 2020 version of the Mona Lisa.
"Brilliant! ""Halftime"" killed me"
This is hands down my favorite!! I'm in fucking tears over here. Absolutely GOLD!
I lol’d at “halftime”
Amazing!  Haha
Man we never should have taught Marcus Peters to be such a great corner when he was with the Chiefs
"Fucking spectacular! Also, go piss on an electric fence."
This is great man!
Good shit
You bastard. I hate that I love this.
Another beautiful production.
This is my favorite one so far. Black Sheep is one of my all-time favorite movies.
The surprise Lamar at :29 got me lolol
"I mean our D was still standing at the end...so...CHIEFS WIN! lol
Nice work!"
Awesome.
Art
i loved this one.... *heisman* :)
Well done!!
I died at the halftime
/u/vredditshare
Marcus Peters INT caught me off guard and had me snorting. 🔥👏🏼
RIP Chris
""
THANK YOU!!
"Caw caw, blap blap."
😂😂😂😂😂
😤😤😤😤😤
This is.... *chefs kiss*
😂👌🏽
I’m about to get this tatted now it’s done
"""Welcome to baltimore, duck motherfucker"""
I did not realize I needed this in my life... until I saw it. It’s beautifully poetic.
OH MAN!
needs to be jpg'd to death for ultimate shitpost quality
😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
""
"God, I love that movie"
"Goddammit i was hoping we would get this clip first for a gif. Take your goddamn upvote, well played"
I’m a KC season ticket holder and this makes me uncomfortable. 😀
""
So glad he could get his only ring with us.
only priest I'd let hang with my kids
Hahahahahhajahahahahhaha fuck you! Hahahahjahaja
God. Dammit. Lol. Honestly didn’t even know he played for the ravens but man I IDOLIZED him with the chiefs. Still have his jersey.
HOOK EM
Quality shit post
haha this is golden
"Shots fired.

Oh wait, no that's just Baltimore 😋"
God that old helmet logo was trash. Good meme!
Wouldve been good if it was an original idea lmao
""
Just need to send the Madden adjuster the tape of his pick in the Texans game. Should boost his rating to the 90s.
I still love Marcus Peters. Wish he hadn't picked a fight with his coach on the sideline because he would have been a legend by now if he had stayed with the Chiefs.
""
""
3rd best rb on the field that day
this is gold well played
Lol I love that this has more upvotes in our sub than here
"He’s the only priest I’ve ever loved - what a great back. If I recall correctly he had a similar injury to Bo Jackson. Are there Chiefs fans trying to claim Suggs as our own?  That’s absurd. I guess we could do the same with Joe Montana.

Edit - now I see what you were talking about - that is a funny picture of Suggs."
>:[
"This isn't Koolaid or hyperbole. It is simply a fact. Lamar's incredible electricity running the ball blinds people to his otherworldly skills in passing the ball and seeing the field and leading the offense. All his weapons save Snead are rookies or on rookie contracts. Not so much the other supposed QB competition. What Lamar can do (demoralize and devastate opponents) nobody can do. 

Sure some can throw a flier every now and then, that highly paid receivers can catch and win a game for them, but consistently nobody can take over a game like Lamar Jackson. His humility, work ethic, dedication to winning, focus, athleticism, ability to make no name players pro-bowlers, the way his teammates go out to bat for him and his sheer talent make him incomparable. You just need to remove those jaundiced eye glasses to see it. 

By season's end he'll be having his 'Say my name' moment to all the naysayers/doubters/skin color bigots and the rest of the Polian fan club members!

Why wait folks? Just say his name now! LAMAR JACKSON! LAMAR JACKSON! LAMAR JACKSON!!!!!"
"You're definitely the biggest Lamar homer on this sub lol, but I love it, hope you're right on all your posts"
I know this is just hyperbole but it does feel like we’re only seeing the tip of the iceberg when it comes to how he can perform.
"I really think he’ll end up as an all time great. This generations Steve Young, but faster."
"Lamar can take over a game. But so can Mahomes. Ive seen him do it. Does Mahomes have more talented and distinguished receivers yes. But Mahomes and Lamar are neck and neck. Obviously I choose my QB but you are discrediting Mahomes. 

Side note I really wish ET wasn't such a bitch and just bought into the culture. Hes still probably the best free safety in the world. We went from a mostly cover 1 defense to a cover 2 or 3 the moment we lost him. Clark being versatile and smart as fuck makes the loss less noticeable but if we didn't have Clark we would be exposed in the secondary even if the 3 great corners we have still healthy played perfectly."
Yea...he had a solid  year. I wish it would’ve worked out.
"He could just be a pocket passer and he would be one of the best in the league. Dudes a phenomenon, and still under-rated."
I love it. He’s young Jordan right now with the doubters. It’s fun to be on the ground floor. I’m here for it all.
This made me laugh
But he's only a running back lol
Haters from the Chiefs voting this post down. Keep the upvoting going Ravens fans for Ravens pride.
[deleted]
""
"Lmao at the caw’s at the end. By god, that’s my calling card"
"My spiciest gif yet, sure to lose me a few new friends over in the KC sub. I still love you Chief bros, but you know what they say about fairness, war and hell."
lmao he ded
"The ""sad chief noises"" and ""caws"" killed me."
*tenderness*
Just absolutely beautiful.
I’m aroused.
This GIF war is the pinnacle of human achievement.
"*tenderness*

Fuckin great"
Can I just make it official that we won this gif war???
I really like this one
I didn't realize that Suggs isn't a Chief anymore... I was looking forward to seeing him again on Monday
CAW
"Dude the caws at the end had me rolling, this is the best gif I’ve seen so far out of both subs."
This is gold
Dude
The Chiefs at one point were the big playoff CHOKERS. 22 year chokers.
Delightful!
I’m loving the meme war
u/VredditDownloader
Caw
Oh my.
"*tenderness 
I'm dying
I FUCKING LOVE CHIEFS WEEK"
Thats Gold..  CAW CAW!!
Suggs a free agent tho
They made a gif saying to bring them their trophies like bih we got two of them
I don’t get how these keep getting better and better
Now that is top notch.
Brilliant!
"The Ravens may be the least ""evil"" team in the NFL."
One of the best ones yet
I don’t think I ever realized Ben Mendelsohn was in this movie.
"""sad Chiefs noise"" lol I'm crying"
"Bravo, my dude!"
*He ded* lmaoooooo
"I like this, then we can do another one in a couple months with Batman (aka Mahomes) finishing u guys off in the end (playoffs) 😂"
[deleted]
""
"Can't get mad at this one, it was funny as hell."
"We’re just glad you guys *finally* got your second after *all those* **years** and **years** of waiting! 

Seriously, it doesn’t matter that the Ravens were founded, then won *two* trophies in literally half the time it took the Chiefs to get **from** one **to** two; what matters is we both have the same number of trophies!

Kidding aside, awesome gif man, loved it!"
Amazing 👏
"Should have been specifically between Mahomes and Lamar, would have stung more, we have the same SB wins team-wise

&#x200B;

Good addition to the war tho :)"
The worst part is you can't even counter with Lamar's awards because Mahomes did all the same things in 2018 😂
[deleted]
""
the guy from the Gebco ad played? for the ravens??
They gotta bring back the lineman face masks with the vertical bar down the middle. It looked so tough.
"I remember reading a scouting report on JO coming out of UCLA saying something to the effect of ""Ogden is so dominant that he could play most games with a cup of coffee in one hand and not miss a beat."" Pretty goddamn accurate summation of the man's NFL career too."
On top of how talented and dominant he was it seems like he's one of the chillest and nicest guys around. I saw him at the stadium on the lower concourse in the beer line for some random November game a few years ago. I was about to go say hi and ask for a pic but a couple guys got to him first and I didn't want to start a line or commotion and bother him. They showed him on the jumbotron later in the game and he was in fact just sitting in the lower bowl with the rest of the plebs. You have to be down to earth to be a guy so instantly recognizable and sit with the fans without any privacy.
"&#x200B;

I'm on Team Averett 😎😎

[https://twitter.com/ravens4dummies/status/1309573880449818627](https://twitter.com/ravens4dummies/status/1309573880449818627)"
most of us just want to see him make a play. just one
"This depicts the wrong number, as he now wears #23. He has changed every season: #28 in 2018, #34 in 2019 & #23 in 2020. I wonder which double digits he will wear next year? That is, if he is even still here . . ."
Averett would start for quite a few teams. People don't realize how blessed we are at the position.
""
"Hold up, I want to see the next panel."
"##r/KansasCityChiefs
---------------------------------------------
^(For mobile and non-RES users) ^| 
[^(More info)](https://np.reddit.com/r/botwatch/comments/6xrrvh/clickablelinkbot_info/) ^| 
^(-1 to Remove) ^| 
[^(Ignore Sub)](https://np.reddit.com/r/ClickableLinkBot/comments/gpbgg1/ignore_list/)"
Yeah this too corny for me.
[deleted]
No worries you’ll take her off our hands once she’s due for a new contract and be reunited in your fandom. We’ll take good care of her and her development til then tho!
Lameow Catson
Link me to that jersey! My boy would like fire in that.
Smart cat
Based KitKat!
You all deserve better than Gase.
"but the Jets are just Ravens North at this point, why don't you come on down and have some crabs and tendies"
[removed]
""
Maybe this one should be on the shirts
Hell yeah coach let's go for it
[deleted]
As the title says...they may be a little different but I don’t remember them looking like this before lol
""
WOW
"Boulware is right there with Ray, JO, and Ed. Loved watching him play. What a cool experience?!"
Just a solid dude too.
https://imgur.com/a/0WS2jRL
Ay thats fuckin sick! Boulware was so underrated and forgotten
Where was dinner?
So jealous! Boulware is one of my favorite players ever.
"So much better than the second ring, not even close"
""
The Dad having enough at the end is probably what the rest of r/nfl feels like after this amazing week.
"This is my first attempt at a gif, sorry for the low quality. I just wanted to join in on the GIF war!"
Incredible! Simply incredible
Should we make some sort of Ravens/chiefs combo subreddit for bro memes as we run train through the AFC?
"> We’ve literally never done any of those things

dead"
This is my favorite so far
“I’ll drop 40 on that mf” 😂😂😂😂
Had me laughing! Great work!
"These have been getting on my nerves, however this one, is perfect. I can actually hear them saying it all. Well done"
Great one OP!!!
Alright we need a part 2 when they meet at the house and have the standoff.  Then part 3 after after our comeback win of him being buried in the back yard and comes out of the ground 😂😂
My god this is just gold
Idk how anyone gets tired of these gifs. Sooo funny!
This is possibly the funniest one of the whole week tbh.  So many good ones.
"boats and hoes, boat and hoes, gotta stunt on these (boats) and hoes!"
Wish I had gold: this is the first one I have shared to my non reddit friends. Warchwd all week. gold.
I’ve watched it three times and it doesn’t get old. Thank you for this. My favorite movie just got better.
The GIF war with KC is my second favorite part of Ravens Chiefs week.
"This was hilarious, great job!"
This is fantastic
Well done
Should’ve squeezed in the Johnny Hopkins joke because Hopkins is in Baltimore
"This is actually really good.

Was hoping you'd find a way to squeeze ""bull"" in there somehow. Really great stuff though I enjoyed it."
Gem
Brilliant!
This is incredible
[deleted]
" This is my first attempt at a gif and learning how it all works, sorry about the quality! I just wanted to join in on the gif war!"
[removed]
""
If Lamar took care of himself during quarantine like I did...
"Dammit OP, you can't just post a picture of Zion Williamson and try to call it fat Lamar"
Greatest FB of all time.
On the Baker Mayfield off-season diet?
[deleted]
/r/confusedboner
Finally. A body that was **actually** built by Taco Bell.
Looks like Craig Robinson's brother.
Not bad for a nose tackle
Lamar Jackson adopted Big Bens off season workout routine.
Taking big truss to a whole nother level!
Never stop making these
[The fabulous Baby Huey and the Babysitters!](https://youtu.be/JgxZCJ9jwiw)
I’m dying here 😂🤣
Now stuntin on 2x the hoes
More to love
If Darryl from the office played football
"""Not bad for a left tackle"""
Looks good on him?
Could still drop a 4.4 40
That's because of all the defensive players he eats for dinner
That’s from feasting on all those Ws
Wow he gained a lot in a week. Must be hitting up the fast food. 😱
#MY EYES 😱
He will look like this after he retires.
"yo i am dying laughing. what if this was lamar's twin who was a lineman on the team lmao. can you imagine the post news conferences? jesus.. ingrham, normal sized lamar and his little brother fat lamar. i would die laughing."
He looks like Steve McNair
Lamarcus Russell
Thanks I love it.
This is unbelievably disturbing
Lamar Fatson
Bele-eat dat
Ocho? More like Ochenta y Ocho.
""
"I just want to point out that this is an entire article written about a picture posted by Bonds’ trainer that does not say Bonds has been/is going to be elevated to the active roster.

This could just as easily mean that he’s the practice squad player that will be active and not coming up to the 53."
""
i’m always proud when these guys get their shot
"Is he a slot corner? 

Really hoping Marlon can get back to the outside this season as imo he plays far better on the outside."
"He'll be in 3rd down pass plays. He's quick, shifty, tackles above his weight class and is fast."
I’d rather see this guy get his shot than continue to watch Anthony Averett get beat up and down the field like he’s trying to compete with Frank Walker and Corey Ivy for worst Ravens CB ever.
""
Wait is that stitched? Where how?! Beautiful jersey btw.
That looks clean as hell
"I don't want to come off as a hater, but why do the name and number seem so off center from one another?"
FRESH!
Looks fake
""
Why isn’t he playing? He still has one good leg! 😀
Can’t be mad at hoping it wasn’t blown tho
Anyone have any deer antler spray?
Get him out there on wheels!
I'm more interested why we haven't made the roster moves with him yet.. it definitely points to promoting from practice squad and not FA..
Gentlemen.. we can rebuild him. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first bionic man. Tavon Young will be that man. Better than he was before. Better... stronger... faster.
"His size paired with his style of play what is holding him back. Think Bob Sanders, while not as ferocious of a hitter, he is a very pesky and physical defender despite being undersized. If he were 6’ 205, he would be our #1 corner by a long shot. Do you see how he was draped all over Njoku when he gave up that catch week 1 ?? That’s a sub 5’9 guy on a TE!!!!"
is this guy really out for the season again? what a joke.
""
Imagine losing a gif war this badly. Then you might understand Kansas City’s pain...
Popped in from the chiefs sub to say that this is gold. Congrats.
[deleted]
I’m smoking a 14# brisket so I can offer it to my neighbors in a socially distance appropriate manner.
Safely guarding Lamar's twig and berries
Uhhhhh getting drunk and watching my lord and savior Lamar
Will watch the game w/ the boys (NFL fans) in a hopefully controlled back-yard/terrace game party. We brew a NEIPA specially for this game. Truzz🤞
I'm getting the largest order of Pulled Pork Nachos with extra jalapeños and sour cream and I picked up a bottle of a lambic beer to break in my new tecmo bowl style glass
I’ll be 5 blocks from the stadium at my families house party. Hopefully get to see some fireworks!
Just sit back with a beer and good eats and see the Ravens slaughter the Chiefs. A good way to end Monday night I would think right?
"I'm working at my office until around 8, so I'll be watching the Monday night countdown and the first quarter or so while seeing the last few patients. Gonna be SICK. SO EXCITED."
"Call the boys over, order wings, set up the home theatre, and SHOWTIME"
Having my buddies over for dinner and the game.
working...the game will be on in the background
[removed]
Please keep this up so we can destroy you. Please....
If you don't get your trash ass football team having ass outta here. Sit down and rethink your life decisions
Hot take🔥🔥
Nice B8 M8
I respect it
Hey man. Gay isn't a bad thing. It's pride. Don't be a bigot giants fan.
Fuck
"Also a Giants fan, we suck and you’re smoking crack if you think we got a shot of winning"
>because there big gay
Big if true
Wait what’s happening
*their
[deleted]
""
This is by far my favorite one so far.
Nice gif. What is this from?
hahahahahahahaha love it
Dora?
Yes. This is it.
It’s in Japanese so you could have the sound on
"Context: chiefs guy can basically open people up as if they were books and write anything he wants on them and it becomes true. He writes Lamar guy can’t hit him, but when he insults his hair (he loves his hair) lamars anger transcends chief guys abilities and proceeds to pummel him.

It’s from the JoJos bizarre adventure anime, one of the longest running and most influential manga in Japan. Fantastic show for anyone into that stuff."
Amazing.
""
"Woman yelling at a cat meme

BREAKAN EROFKLES"
You called?
B.O.A.
"I would hate if the Ravens had to bury a man who was a staple of our defense for so many years. After all, his legacy of Ball So Hard University is forever embedded in this subreddit."
"Is he no longer on the team?
Was his contract just a one year?"
Didbhevretire
If he was going to be buried anywhere you know he'd want it done at the Bank
""
Which means he wants to win by thirty points.
"When Louis Riddick asked Lamar if he watched Mahomes and wonder if he can take anything from his game and Lamar just answered back “Nah.” 

Lol, I find it so funny and rejuvenating how Lamar is so straight up. Most QBs will just give you a cookie cutter response to those sort of questions."
Hopefully he kicks ass like any other game. Llama God!
4:27 What a baller response.
Lamar's 'Say my name' moment came with the 'Nah! I don't' as a direct slap on that punk interviewer/original Lamar hater's face!
Why is Lamar letting this PoS interview him? This is the same punk that was nodding his head in obedience when Polian proclaimed Lamar should move to WR? Why give this punk the interview? I don't get it....
"Good. It’s a non-division game in week 3, isn’t that important in the grand scheme. We lost in weeks 3 and 4 last year and how much relevance did that end up having?"
""
"I have no clue how these numbers are generated but DK against the Pats looked really good. And while Hollywood hasn't been bad by any means, just hasn't had much opportunity to flash so far."
Hmm. I was already feeling like he needed more targets. Now I definitely feel like he needs more targets.
"This WR class has some potential to be one of the GOAT's (As a collective). 

Hollywood, Diontae, Terry, DK, AJ, Deebo, Mecole, Renfrow, and Slayton all have looked good

And this doesn't count Harry, P. Williams, or D. Harris"
hEs tOO smALl!
Hollywood needs more targets. At least 7-9 per game IMO
I honestly thought Metcalf would be higher
I thought DK Metcalf was gonna suck. Guess it really is just a matter of scheming to a players strength.
Fo sho. Is that still a thing?
[deleted]
"When Mike Tyson is in awe of you, just know you're a really big deal Lamar Jackson!

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je7lzXTydNw&t=25s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Je7lzXTydNw&t=25s)"
"I can't believe how well Shatner seems to be holding up, guy will be 90 next year."
"**\*\*Long Post Warning**\*\*

With our upcoming game against the defending Super Bowl champions, I was reminded of a conversation I had with a coworker back in 2010 about the Ravens.  He wasn't a fan, and he was constantly talking trash to me about that year's team, and how they weren't as good as their record, etc.  We played the Saints late that season, who were coming off their Super Bowl win the year previous.  They were 10-3 coming into the game against us in Baltimore, and meanwhile the Ravens were a strong contender at 9-4.  The Ravens won the game (it was an excellent game, I recommend trying to find it or watching the highlights [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQBtvIFO-2w), seriously the Lance Moore catch is one of the craziest I've ever seen).  I remember throwing it in my coworker's face--here was proof that we were a legit team, knocking off the defending champs.  Was it empirical or definitive? No, but it felt good either way.

So I decided to look at the history of how the Ravens fared when they have faced the defending Super Bowl champions, and then I did it for the rest of the league as well, to see how the Ravens were in comparison.  Had they played more/less games against champs, and how did their record compare?

[Ravens History Vs. Defending Champs](https://imgur.com/dNwhhgK)

To start, the Ravens have played 10 games in their 24 seasons against the defending NFL champions.  In those games, we are 6-4 in those 10 games, with an average final score of 23.1 - 20.3 Baltimore, though the variance is quite high (with a few blowouts both ways).

In addition, to try to account for the Super Bowl hangover, I looked at the record of the teams coming into their game with the Ravens.  Some teams fell off after their championship win ('06/'09 Steelers), while others rebounded strongly and contended again ('04 Patriots, '07 Colts, '10 Saints, and last year's Patriots).  All in all, the average winning percentage of the defending champs going into their game with us was .696, or about the equivalent of an 11-5 team.  The variance was much lower in this number, as the vast majority of teams were at least decent-to-pretty good.

Then, I decided to do the same for all teams during two timespans: from 1996-present (since the Ravens have existed) and 2002-present (since realignment AKA the entire existence of the Texans).  For the Ravens, this did not matter, since their first game against a SB Champ came in 2004, but it did have a bigger effect on other teams.

[Team Records Vs. Defending Champs \(1996, 2002-Present\)](https://imgur.com/a/h5LU8ax)

As seen above, no matter which time period you look at, the Ravens are the 3rd best team in the NFL in playing against defending champs, in each case behind New England and Kansas City (whose pre-2002 numbers are helped by a sweep of the woeful post-Elway '99 Broncos, who ended up 6-10).  As you can see, most teams did play a high level of competition though, with only the Saints facing a losing-record defending champion on average.  Most hovered around the 11-5, 12-4 range, exactly on par with Baltimore's opponents.

We also see a level of dominance by the AFC, with the best six records against champs coming from our conference.  This is partly due to an edge to AFC Super Bowl champions in this time period (15-10), and therefore more opportunity to pick up wins for teams in their conference.  And while the usual suspects like the Lions, Jets, Redskins, and Cardinals are near the bottom, there are also some interestingly good teams there, speaking to their relatively recent rise/return to prominence (like the 49ers and Texans).

So what does all this mean for Monday night? Absolutely nothing, these stats are of course completely meaningless, just like the Lamar's history in primetime games or Mahomes' record against us.  However, they were fun to put together and hopefully are of interest to someone.  And, to go back to that 2010 Saints game for just a moment: That was a game in Baltimore against a high-flying passing offense, led by a quarterback who had just won Super Bowl MVP, meanwhile the Ravens ground game was led by smaller, powerful running back who wore #27 and caught balls out of the backfield, and our defensive lineman wearing #93 was swatting down and intercepting balls at the line of scrimmage.  Coincidence? Well, yes, obviously.  But also, maybe not...



TL;DR: Ravens record re: returning ring-receivers? Resplendent, ranked right in rear of recent rivals.

[Ravens History Vs. Defending Champs](https://imgur.com/dNwhhgK)

[Team Records Vs. Defending Champs \(1996, 2002-Present\)](https://imgur.com/a/h5LU8ax)"
Good read! Just wanted to show you some love for writing this up haha. Go ravens 😎
[deleted]
"Your submission was automatically removed because you linked to the mobile version of a website. 

Please submit a non-mobile link instead.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/ravens) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"
🚨 BUR-LESSON TIME 🚨

Why is Lamar Jackson even more dangerous this year than he was during his 2019 MVP campaign?

Show us the film, @nateburleson.

@Lj_era8 | @Ravens | \#RavensFlock 

***

posted by [@gmfb](https://twitter.com/gmfb)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1309111546581340160/vid/480x270/UQjynhx6Ny4ftXbX.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Nate Burleson is the Truth. He calls it as he sees it. This was a great analysis of Lamar's spectacular anticipation on his throws. Leading his receivers to an area where he is going to throw the ball and not vice versa. That is the hallmark of the really great pocket passing QBs. This reminds me of the time when MJ added the fadeaway jumper to his repertoire and became unstoppable.
"I loved every second of the gif war. Both sides were unbelievably entertaining (we won, clearly). And I hope it never stops"
""
Week 2 game preview? You're a little late on this one.
"Buddy,"
"I'm honestly nervous af about Averret. If he keeps getting smoked, we will definitely lose for sure."
Such freezing cold takes as: if Lamar loses Monday (at age 23) there’s “no practical way” he will ever even his career record against Mahomes.  Or focusing on how the Chiefs haven’t given up many QB rushing yards in 2 games but ignoring completely that they have been gashed in total rushing yards.  Smh. Do better.
[deleted]
""
The Jaleel sign got me lol
This is my favorite one yet! Nice work
"Chiefs fans, bunch of jabronis"
I was enjoying this from the beginning. But that Lamar sign put me into fits
Is it Monday yet. God damn the build up
Paul rudd clapping for us is another nice touch lmao
History books will speak if the great gif war of 2020
yall just got Buck'd
"4 and a half minutes long




Ooh boy I hope my veins don't explode"
"lol 🤣🤣🤣 The signs man, the signs😂"
JALEEL
"This years winner in the GIF war, IMO"
"The Buck sign though, brilliant."
Can you SMEEELLLLLLL what Lamar is cookin?
"IT DOESN’T MATTER, what the Chiefs think!"
"You guys are tearing me up.  Too funny.

We gots the talent!"
JALEEL
There have been some real masterpieces on both sides. Oh guys def have creativity and craftsmanship for days. BUT THIS ONE-this one-got me laughing. I’m lmao and pumped for tomorrow all at the same time. This is my all time fave.
imagine drafting edwards-helaire over dobbins
"Jokes aside, I hate what the WWE did to Booker T lol"
""
Man I woke up today sad as hell.
Rooting hard for you guys tomorrow night!
You could always just wake up now and stay awake through the entirety of Sunday and Monday.
Got JJ Watts new shoes on cheering the Texans on today
Ugh - wife even dressed our 6-month daughter in one of her new Ravens onesies... only to have me remind her we play tomorrow night. At least there’s a second one for her to wear... to bed.
"I might have had too much alcohol, but does four Monday or Thursday games feel like a lot to anyone else?"
"The NFL realized the Ravens deserved to have their own day of football and didn’t wanna put them on the same day as the shit Browns, tie Bengals, and overrated bath towels."
[deleted]
""
"*To the town of Kansas City rode a Raven one fine day*

**Hardly spoke to fans around him, didn't have too much to say**

*No one dared to ask statistics, no one dared insult his drip*

**The Raven there among them had Lamarvelous on his hip**



**EDIT-** can anyone spot the QB sneak?"
Where are those Titans at?
"🎶Surly Mahomes, surly Mahomes🎵"
my only complaint is the browns who we faced first didn't take the first bullet
"While I may have hatred, loathing, and contempt for the Ravens, I have the opposite for this gif.


...also I don't have those for the Ravens. Respect and a tiny amount of fear."
"This was fantastic to watch, thank you :D"
lol the score in the blood got me. And the logo in the smoke. Nice work
"I love it, but the Ravens dude gets killed at the end of this short film."
""
If I could upvote Wet hot American Summer 2x I would.
This makes me happy and sad at the same time...
""
"This is a great idea, thank you"
[deleted]
Thanks
Fox45 Wash @ Cleveland 1:00 / CBS Texans @ Pittsburgh 1:00 / Fox Dallas @ Seattle 4:30
""
People seriously think Butker is the best lol
"The thing about kickers is, you can't really ""Dethrone"" the best. They have to dethrone themselves by missing. Tucker is the best. Period. Butker is Top 5, but won't be the best until Tucker retires or starts missing."
**STILL FUCKIN' GOT IT!**
Haha love it. Truth is these are the two best kickers in the league but Tucker is far and away the best.
""
FUCK THE  SQUEALERS
Wouldn't it be great if Pittsburgh and Cleveland both lost today.  Yaaaaaa
"Rooting for Texans so Steelers get no where close to the division. 

Low key rooting for Cleveland so Baker can stay there for a few more 8-8-at-best seasons."
LETS GO TEXANS
Goddamn it Houston
They fucking blew it
"It feels good to have gotten the win against Houston out of the way, because I really like them, it’s fun to root for them. Oh, and FUCK THE STEELERS!"
Let’s goooo Texans!!!!
The early games went about as bad for us as possible
"Since I’m not watching football until tomorrow night, today, I can be a Texans fan. Ram those longhorns up their asses."
FUCK EM
God damn Houston just fell apart in the second half.
clap clap clapclapclap
"* Fuck the browns
* Fuck the Steelers
* Fuck the Bengals"
Go Hurst!
"Tired of watching all these sad franchises piss away leads against our division rivals. Texans, Eagles, Redskins or whatever the fuck they're calling themselves now..."
LMAO. Washington and Houston just straight up shit the bed when they had a chance to put away the AFC North teams. Nobody is going to save us. We gotta do it by ourselves.....Again.
"And the Rams choke one away too, can't even get the satisfaction of a Bills loss today

And the Titans are about to complete their comeback too, today was just full of annoying games"
"I realize this isnt football related but im gonna say it anyway. 

Please Vote in the upcoming election. 

Not just for the presidency but for the local and state elections too. 

The local people probably affect our life more than the president."
"Let’s go WFT, Texans, and Vikings!!!"
Football Team producing
"It's pretty funny though that TJ Watts hit on the Watson interception was basically the same as Earl Thomas' hit on Rudolph last year, which Steeler fans thought was the dirtiest hit of all time but none see anything wrong with it this time around."
"Holy shit the Eagles are about to tie the Bengals again...

I wonder if Carson knew that could happen."
"Is Villenueavo actually good or is he just a ""great story"" player cause of the military background?"
"Texans up 14-3 on the Steelers. So much for that ""Scary"" defense"
Imagine not having a GOAT kicker. Have these other kickers tried not missing?
Steelers have given up more in the 1st half that the Ravens did last week against the Texans.
Wow of course in a important ass week The browns and Steelers get fucking gimmies and we get the the Super Bowl Champs. Tomorrow is a must win game there’s no excuses if we lose a 3rd time to the chiefs in 3 years. I really hope we blow them out
Haskins is.. not very good
It's so frustrating watching NFC East teams suck against our division rivals lol
"never ever get help, man"
"Steelers have only won in one score games against teams that are combined 0-8, and likely to be 0-9 after today. They've barely snuck out wins against trash teams. But I'm sure if we lose tomorrow nfl.com will have Pitt ranked #2 behind the Chiefs.

Browns are over .500 for the first time in 6 years by barely beating the 0-2-1 Bengals and only winning by 2 scores after being +5 in turnovers against the WFT.

Bengals are 0-2-1 losing to Tyrod Taylor and a missed field goal, losing to the Browns while Burrow was pummeled or running for his life the entire game, and just tied against the 0-2-1 Eagles.

Raiders decided they are who we thought they are and won't end up really competing for the division against KC. Chiefs gonna cakewalk through their division and will probably lock up their playoff spot by week 10.

Fuck our purple bros for choking away the Titans game.

I'm not upset about the Bills winning because it keeps the Pats in second place in that trash ass division.

I really hope we beat the Chiefs because this year seems like the year that every team is gonna shit the bed to the Steelers this year."
"Texans exposing this sorry ass 2-0 Steelers team, they barely beat the GIANTS and the Jeff driskal broncos. Look what happens when they play a real team. Fuck the rapist."
"In jedem Spiel (ob Ball, ob Kegel),

ist einer der die Steelers vögelt.

Und ist das Spiel auch noch so klein,

die Steelers soll'n gevögelt sein."
Texans up two possessions early in the second!
Lol Clowney...
[deleted]
Texans have scored more in 1 half against Pittsburgh than they did in each of their previous games.
Texans may have killed themselves with that pick
Refs handed the Bills a dub. Smh
I'm so sick of teams in this division tying lmao
"Atlanta choked... **again.**

The Shitstains and Shitsburgh both won their games :/

Bills came back...

Not liking the outcomes of these games as it pertains to us"
"Bears +4.5

Pats -6.0

Steelers -5.5

Packers +2.5

Go Packers go and I'm $200 richer"
Kinda mad that if we lose this tough game we'll be the only afc north team to lose this week
Watson with the TD!
Now that the Ravens are an officially Hyped Team(tm) these Bills are filling in the underrated Buzzsaw niche pretty nicely
This is my first time really watching Haskins.... yikes.
C'mon Texans! Do it for the guys that beat your ass last weekend!
""
This would be better if last year was their first super bowl win
I made this on my phone so forgive the shittiness
"When you have to explain it so many times, you’ve got a problem"
""
I'm just flipping back and forth between the two.  Both have been kinda underwhelming.  Except Washington's scoring drive.
Red zone is a powerful thing
Those No Namers are keeping to close with Cleveland. I figured Hou vs Shit would be close. But I thought this would be 1 of those big games from Cleveland.
I'm really disappointed in Haskins. Washington could be winning if he was a starting caliber NFL QB.
Browns and Bengals winning against teams we have yet to play — can’t wait to see what we do the WFT/Eagles.
"I started Nich Chubb and WFT defense in Fantasy. I should've realized that if one of them does good, the other does shit but I'm too much of an idiot"
""
Looks identical to ours when they opposition makes their first play of the day.
Game threads in general are toxic af we had some in ours lasts game acting like this when we didn’t score on every possession
"Yeah this is literally exactly what our thread looks like the second anything goes even remotely wrong. 

We have been absolutely spoiled with how rarely things go wrong for us in games so people get even bitchier when things go bad."
of fucking course the week we have to play the Super Bowl champs with Patrick Mahomes looking like he’s never going to look human our whole division gets a W 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️ no one ever does us any favors
"To be fair, their secondary is spectacularly average."
"I mean that's how every game thread ever is. Their defense is elite, but no, they don't play like the best D in the league on every down. That's impossible."
Lmfao
""
That interviewer was so thrown off lmao
lamar has the perfect balance between cold blooded and humble. and i can't get over that he's ours.
Nah
Lamar is the man!
I really like this kid lmao too cold. That whole interview was kinda awkward.
Lamar too real
Riddick knew it was hilarious as soon as Lamar said it lol.
Bruh his face as he says nah 💀💀💀
That’s my QB/RB/WR/Roman General
"
I can’t stop watching this Lamar clip. 

***

posted by [@jonas_shaffer](https://twitter.com/jonas_shaffer)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1310249949083430917/pu/vid/1280x720/bZogS49L_2IveBEB.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Don't forget Louis Riddick was next to Polian when he declared Lamar had to move to WR. In fact Riddick was nodding brisk approval at the proposition. After that 'NAH' the sheepish laugh was so fun to watch. Lamar made this line of questioning so stupid on national TV.
"""My game is my game"" - Lamarlow Stanfield"
This is great. Does anyone have a GIF of this?
Nah
"Depending on how the broncos play today, the teams the Steelers beat could either be 0-9 combined or 1-8 combined all 3 being rather close games😂"
A win is a win. Don’t matter if you play the worst teams or the best This is the NFL you try to win as much as possible because this isn’t like the NBA where u can load manage for 5 months and still win a championship because the better teams always win. Tomorrow is probably the most important game of the season for us must win no excuses we’re at full strength. It’s time for Lamar and our team to shut up the narratives that we still can’t get it done in important games. Idk if this is a legacy game for Lamar but it’s no doubt going to be very important for seeding later on.
Still 3 and 0 and the Ravens have a tough game tomorrow.
cope
as a steelers fan i just wanna appreciate the mostly respectful thread. also kudos to those of you that think we are a threat. this year is gonna be fun with such a close division.
Lol we live in you head rent free ratbirds 🤣
[deleted]
"Daniel Jones? 

You must mean josh allen lol... & yes, allen has had an MVP caliber start to the season... rodgers  & wilson as well. 

It's wk 3, though. MVP's are decided in NOV/DEC"
It's week 3. This happens every year. They throw in names that aren't anywhere near mvp level of play
I mean 3 of the 4 names are actually legit mvp candidates...
there are a lot of players playing at MVP caliber in 3 weeks. It gets cut down as players can’t keep up this level of play
Welcome to the NFL. Happens every year. But Wilson is playing incredibly well.
MVP shouldn't really even be a discussion 3 weeks into the season.
You forgot the Actual MVP right now. JOSH ALLEN
Thoughts?
I come in piece as a Chiefs fan you guys are the only team that we are really worried about this year. I’m extremely nervous for Monday. Good luck.
We are the favorites.
"Regardless of what odds you read, I have a feeling this will come down to who has the ball at the right time at the end of the game. Game winning FG will settle this. I’d like to favour us slightly due to having an edge with our defence. 

I hope this doesn’t happen! But it’s my prediction."
"I wouldn't say *very * likely, but I think of any other team in the NFL I like our odds best."
50/50 chance
"The odds aren’t great, but they’re in our favor!"
55/45 ravens
We’re probably the only team in the League that has much of a chance.
"I'd say that this is our best shot since the Lamar-Mahomes era started. I didn't pick us last year or the year before, but I'm taking us in this one - with a convincing victory."
"I think the Ravens have the best shot. Our linebackers can’t tackle for 💩. If the ravens run outside, they will control the game and wear out the good defenders we have. Will be close early, ravens will have the opportunity to pull away at the end. Lamar could choke (unlikely), Mahomes could destroy you (more likely) overall should be fun but I expect to be sad tomorrow. Go Chiefs!"
I'm going 45% chance. I'd give them the slight edge
"I think it’s a lock... we’re better, we’re home, we need it more... of course any given Sunday.... but we are better in almost every area. Ravens by 14"
Just watch the game
So how likely is it that the Sun will be up on Tuesday?
100%
"I think chiefs, for sure, looked past the chargers and was thinking about the MnF game. Everyone’s going to bring their A game for this one. It’ll be close."
""
lol
"This one is not the most complex, but I also love it bc Jurassic Park & JK Dobbins"
I could actually unironically see this game being JK's first big showing
Nice one bab
"This is without a doubt, the BEST thing I’ve seen on reddit in forever! 😂 love it dude. I wish I could upvote this 1,000 times"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/f3wxebqllrp51.gif?format=mp4&s=d1d7eca8baa5484f5ad92bd7e1397ee622282462)

---
This mp4 version is 94.56% smaller than the gif (2.93 MB vs 53.83 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
[deleted]
"Man... I'm disappointed in you.

How in the actual FUCK are you gonna post this and not throw us a link?"
Hey man whatever floats your boat.
Ain't nothing wrong with resting your head in style
I have two. A large one and a small one.
All I see is a grown man with a love for his Ravens. Nothing wrong with that!
I gave the same one!
I have two. A large and small one.
Poe
Got the same one
I got one too! Except mine has nightlights soo who’s really the man here
i’m a grown man and i’m jealous
"http://imgur.com/gallery/gUtvgnH
Hell ye!"
Hell yeah! Represent! Even in dreamland.
I have one! Pillow poe gang
I have this too.  It’s a perfect knee pillow.
""
This one is Savage. Props to ApexMountain
[deleted]
"Hey ravensflock, I’m in Baltimore for the game for the first time, where’s the best places for me to watch the game Monday night?"
"Rent a crane park it outside the bank and raise the roof

https://twitter.com/Sinsolo/status/1285368902462169088/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1285368902462169088%7Ctwgr%5Eshare_3&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.barstoolsports.com%2Fblog%2F2684480%2Fa-bunch-of-polish-soccer-fans-rented-cranes-and-brought-them-outside-of-the-stadium-to-watch-their-team"
"In your home/hotel, preventing you and others from getting sick."
You couldn't find another time to travel here with all the shit going on?? 🤨
Jimmys seafood
Where ever you’re staying. Especially considering you’re traveling. Shit like this is why the US is still a shit show compared to any other decent country.
I got a table at mothers on the patio - my friends and I are ready to rock and roll
Benders in Fells if they’re open. My favorite dive. They don’t have food but will let you order from anywhere and their drinks are dirt cheap
""
"34-31 Chiefs

1. Lamar 4 total TDs and plays phenomenal

2. Run defense is middling but sufficient

3. Pass rush is lacking and Mahomes leads a 10 point comeback in the 4th

Sincerely hope I'm wrong but that's my unbiased prediction for the game."
"40-34 ravens

- Dobbins is unleashed. Has over 100 rushing yards
- LJ throws his first pick, but it goes along with 3 TDs
- Deshon Elliott makes some big plays on the back end."
"Ravens 31-24 

-Ravens stop the Chiefs running game early and make their offense one dimensional after getting two quick touchdowns. 

-Averett plays well, Jimmy Smith is able to limit Kelce along with help from Queen 

-Judon comes up with a strip sack on a Mahomes scramble drill late in the 4th for his second sack of the game."
"Chiefs win in a fairly high scoring game, heartbreaking, refs fuck us."
"48-38 ravens sealed by a peters pick 6.

1. CEH leads in yards from scrimmage with 200, but tyreek hill is kept in check all game.

2. Lamar reaches 400 total yards and 4 tds

3. Wolfe and campbell combine for 3 sacks"
"Ravens - 31
Chiefs - 27

Judon goes crazy. Multiple sacks and a ton of pressure on Mahomes. He's been close a lot this year I think he breaks through.

Duvernay has his best game yet. 75+ yards and a TD.

Marlon gets his hands on the football one way or another whether it's a pick or a scoop. Or forces a fumble."
"Ravens 34-27

Mahomes rushes for more yards than Jackson (bold I know)

2 picks against mahomes

Fumble by either Jackson or Ingram"
"27-23 Ravens win. 

1) Both teams defenses step up and make this a lower scoring game than is being predicted. There will be flashy plays, but not crazy scoring. 

2) Lamar will throw 3 TD passes, all to different WRs.  

3) CEH runs all over our defense, and Mahomes will make plays with his legs as well. The secondary will clamp down however and limit the passing totals. I say the chiefs will run for over 100 yards, but throw for less than 250."
""
""
One of my favorite movies. RIP John. Wish you were still with us.
Yesssss!
Lmao that’s a great use of a hilarious scene!
"This is awesome! I was lmao

Hope our game is as good as this packers-saints game. Much respect.

GO CHIEFS!"
👏🏼👏🏼
God bless whoever made this.
"This made me more happy at 4am then it should have... Props to you! <3 

&#x200B;

LET'S FUCKING GET IT!"
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/ry86tjumqsp51.gif?format=mp4&s=23199df34178772895772be00512635d6bdf85e7)

---
This mp4 version is 95.56% smaller than the gif (3.12 MB vs 70.37 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
Legendary
Noice. Even better than slice and dice.
"Nice try , maybe we will see you in January !"
""
"gonna need source on that baby, commercial seems like its funny"
[removed]
I would rather be 3-0 against terrible teams than 0-3 against elite teams.
I remember what happened to the undefeated Patriots last year when they finally played a good team...
I mean who really thought they were going to go 0-3 playing the giants Broncos and Texans I would also expect them to go 3-0 during that stretch let’s see what they look like facing a real team
[deleted]
They’ve all been narrow wins too.  They have yet to have a convincing win but that could just be because Tomlin always seems to get his players to play down to inferior competition.
"Narrow wins against one incredibly bad team, one pretty bad team, and one good not great team that’s better than their record. They look good but beatable."
"They're obviously not a great team but they'll still be a tough out for the Browns and obviously us. As long as Ben is breathing and taking snaps for them, I'll consider them a threat."
News flash! The steelers are overrated lol
"Steelers still got it offensively. Id say top 15. Thats all they need to be dangerous. Their defense is legit too.

With that said, fuck the Steeler.ss."
Looks like another year of stomach pains watching Za'darius Smith define a defense and make big plays on the pass rush
Way better than Judon smh
"My guy I’m a Milwaukee native living in baldimore currently, these past couple years have been ridiculously fun football for me watching the pack and the flock. Z is amazing alongside Preston smith and Gary, but you guys are super set with judon and Queen"
Any chance suggs is waiting to see who is a contender and needs a pass rusher? He hasn’t officially retired yet.
It’s ok we can watch him choke in the 2nd round or NFCCG this year because packers are choke artist
[deleted]
Bandwagon much?
Bus is full
Nah you should have jumped back on last year. This Gus Bus is full
"If you're only with teams when they're doing well, then by my definition you're not a fan. Not hating on you but I must say after going through the rough years these years feel so much better."
""
I just like the Duck...
He got Matsui!
Bonus points for Sierra Nevada.
You do know he's a kc fan for real though right?
""
Only one game left in Week 3... I'm so hyped
God I hope our secondary puts up a good fight
first time on the subreddit and i fucking love the upvote button
This is the first thing I look for on gameday
I like how /r/nfl likes to shit on us for this meme yet there’s a few other team subs that have started using it as well.
[deleted]
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
"Nah, I'm going to sleep. It's the middle of the night lol"
1:15am U.K. time and I’m on leave this week.....might be a pre-nap and coffee and stay up for this one!
I have to already be up for work
"GAME DAY FUCKERS!!!  LETS GO!!!!  

Now only if I can keep this energy thru work."
Let’s Fucking Go!!!
[deleted]
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j17qnx)"
"Them boys goin in today... This is one of those games where Lamar is going to **run run**. Not in a sense of volume, but in a sense of running with intent. I’m have a feeling this will be a statement game, not only for Lamar but for the young guys on the roster."
I'd put score at 34-27
I say around 28-31
Tonight I hope we do the thing
"LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO

TODAY IS THE DAY THE SPORTS BALL PLAYED

LETS COMPETE FOR THE GOOD LETTER ON THE RECORD 

FUCKYEAH"
Let's do this thing!
[deleted]
""
"Every week this season, I will be doing a crappy photoshop for our matchup. The suggestions have been great, so keep them coming. Also, shoutout to all the giffers this year for the gifwar, you all have been FANTASTIC!

Week 1: [Don Lamar](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/irwb9l/oc_now_you_come_to_me_on_this_opening_day_and_you/)

Week 2: [The Texans Chainsaw Massacre](https://www.reddit.com/r/ravens/comments/iwbbvu/week_2_matchup_photoshop_the_texans_chainsaw/)"
"love this one!

great job!"
