text
"Our fan base doesn’t deserve him. That dude has been our only consistent factor. Yet everyone blames his dancing, DANCING for us losing. When our quarterback is playing like ass,run blocking isn’t helping, but nah it’s all the kid dancing’s fault."
"I don't think anyone intelligent is blaming his dancing for the loss. 

But his dancing is a bad look when the offense is getting embarrassed. So either Tomlin is okay with it (and that, in and of itself, is a problem) or Tomlin has a problem with it but JuJu won't stop doing it. And if that's the case he shouldn't be back next season."
"As a non-bias Broncos fan, I think you gotta ask 2 questions. Does dancing on the other team's logo help us? and. Does dancing on the other teams logo hurt us? I can't list any positives(besides social media gratification?) but a lot of negatives. Not only does it put a target on his back, It can also motivate a team with no initiate to win. You can have a multitude of players with nothing to play for besides a paycheck(just another day at the office) gain a desire to win. If you don't think emotions can affect a game, you are simply wrong. Look at something like ""momentum"". It is nothing but emotion, raw emotion of feeling good, feeling in sync, feeling like you are heading in the right direction. Something so little as disrespecting a team could of very well lit something under the Bengal's asses tonight. You really never know."
This guy probably has one of the Japanese pillow girlfriends.
"Juju has been extremely solid on crucial third downs this year (saving drives early in the season) and brings nice blocking to the WR position (helping to set up a few of Benny Snell’s impressive runs on the outside tonight, for example). While he may not be bringing in the top numbers he did back with AB, he’s still an important glue guy for many other reasons. And for people saying Juju was only good because of AB taking the focus...the same principle would apply to DJ and Chase without Juju threatening the slot."
I had already downvoted you because I thought this was gonna be a post about dancing. Good shit.
"I don't think people blame Juju's dancing for them losing. What I think I they blame him for is lighting fires under opposing defenses asses and firing them up to pick off Ben. No team wants an opposing player dancing on their emblem. I think what people are trying to say is that he shouldn't be making opposing teams wanna play hard against y'all any more than usual, especially while your roster is this banged with both sides of the ball having injuries, and the defense having significant injuries.


Idek why he started doing it tbh. Owens showed us years ago how kindly people take that."
It's not dancing that's the problem it's being disrespectful (even if unintentionally) and giving the other team more motivation and reason to want to target your teammates for big hits. Ask Ebron how he feels right now.
"It’s so stupid because there’s no reason he shouldn’t do his dance in the middle of the field. People take way too much offense for someone dancing on their team’s field. He didn’t fumble the ball because of his dance, anybody would’ve fumbled the ball on that hit."
Wait til he goes to the favorite team of one of the fan bases that loves shitting on him and see how they do a 180 lmao.
I genuinely want to now how many people here even knew he was doing the dances before the bills game. I'm a huge Juju fan and I didn't even know he was doing it before they talked about it last week.
I'm so tired of hearing about Juju's tik tok dance. I would never even think about it if the media didn't make it a point of emphasis to shoehorn it into everything. I guess its disrespectful and I know Yinzers would be up in arms if someone did it us but I really just don't care. Some people take this shit way too seriously.
"Dancing on logos is about the most un-Steeler thing I can think of. I'm 51, born and bred in Pittsburgh. You think Lambert, Green...would have tolerated Swann and Stallworth dancing on logos pre-game lol?"
"It’s fair to point out that his behavior is not “Steelers culture,” and also our fans seem to get upset when other teams do it to us."
"Pair him with Jamal Williams.
(Juju to the Packers, not Williams to the Steelers)"
"I don’t think it’s causing us to lose, but I feel like it makes him look like a big idiot when we actually play bad."
Me too. And we won't.
I hope we don't resign him either. Dude fumbled away the last two postseasons.
Ben played like cheeks AGAIN but the tik tok dancing is the cause of a complete offensive collapse. *Their defense come ready to play when he does it* what ???the previous away games were W’s -> nonissue. but now that the offense have been exposed its a problem. Give me a break
"It’s more like, ‘fortunately, we can’t afford him.’"
Brings on pointless attention to the team.  It’s a distraction now and they don’t need one.
"Ravens' fan here...yes, yes... Hate y'all too lol 

But seriously unfortunately, his videos painted a target on his back. The second you guys didn't do well... And the losses became consistent, they were coming for him no matter what.

Fairweather fans abound. Kind of like Hollywood for us talking to our OC and his lack of using ""souljahs."" 

Ben screwed Juju on that hit. He was put there unprotected.

It's very unfortunate. But the disrespect the dancing did was going to prove costly no matter what. The pendulum always swings back. Someone was going to come for him after that (Whether it be a someone from a different team or the fans who want to point fingers.)"
Imagine if AB did this. The double standard is a joke
On what planet has he been consistent?
Has juju even been that good?
"He's not gonna sleep with you, bro."
He’s dancing on the other teams logo you idiot. And he did it after the Bengals said they wouldn’t be happy if he did it during the week. Why is this so hard to understand?
bUt ItS nOt WhY wE'rE lOsInG
[deleted]
This is satire right?
Let’s get Tommy Maddox in there!
Fuck it just get Terry Bradshaw out there.
"Yes I'm sure the late 40's early 50 year olds will enjoy getting spiked into the ground by a guy twice their size , 3 times their speed. :)  Should be interesting theater if anything."
"People who are talking about benching Ben, firing Tomlin, in general being insane need to calm down a little bit. Have the last three games been shit? Undoubtedly. But do we have any chance of going anywhere in the playoffs not starting Ben? No fucking way. If he’s regressing in front of our eyes we’re fucked no matter what, but he’s had rough patches before and has the ability to come back from those in a big way. 

This team is still fundamentally the same team that went 11-0 minus bush and dupree, who have at least been somewhat filled in for. For the game today, I think it’s better for prep that they lost than if they had skated by. Ultimately, the pieces are there the execution just needs to improve. We’re at a crossroads where I think they could either just complete the collapse or actually figure stuff out. There were a few bright spots today even with the loss, namely diontae and the run game looking a little better in the second half.

Also: firing Tomlin? Did Tomlin commit the turnovers? You can make the claim that he gets outcoached, but it’s not like he’s responsible for poor execution on the field. 

Regardless of what our record ends up being, we’re going to be in the playoffs in a year where home field advantage is not nearly as big of a deal. This team may be just way shittier than we expected, but they may end up positively surprising us, so I don’t think making drastic moves is going to benefit anyone."
I don't support either of those things...however we have lost 3 in a row and lost to the Bengals. We dance on logos and make Tik Tok videos better than competing. What's the answer? In one month we went from being the Super Bowl favorite to stories about dancing on logos. We are one and done in the playoffs unless something drastic happens.
"Ben was terrible all game. He missed wide open receivers to throw in double and triple coverage, he missed Claypool for a wide open TD. He dropped a snap. He threw a terrilbe INT. On top of that, Bengals dropped 3(!) INTs. What do you want to hear?
Ben is one of the biggest reasons we lost 3 games in a row. At least he's saying himself that he probably hasn't it anymore. Because that's the truth. Very sad truth. But this sub is closing their eyes to blame Fichtner instead of Ben. He's still a good game manager. But nothing more. Espacially nothing special anymore."
"Every week for the past 4 weeks y'all just keep saying ""This is the one to light a fire!"" Lol this team doesn't have the personnel to win. Injuries have stacked up and Ben has been exposed for the old decrepit player he has been all season. This season is a wash. Time to look towards getting a new QB next year to give us one last shot before it's contract time for alot of our key guys"
"I’m not saying to do anything drastic, but I ask a simple question.  Name a bigger collapse in nfl history?  We were 11–0, and now I’m pretty sure the Jets would beat us.  When has something like this happened before?"
Fuck yeah man. Of course I’m pissed but we got time to get our shit together come playoffs. Losing to the Bengals gotta light some fire lmao. Could even potentially get a better first round matchup because we lost this game. We got this shit! Stairway to 7 LFG
This ain't a rough patch for Ben. It'll do you guys good to recognize that. This is Ben now. We've seen this happen to many qbs.
"Not gonna lie, in all the takes I’ve seen about this game, firing Tomlin hasn’t been one of them. I don’t think he’s the root of the issues and I’ve seen him fix us when we’ve gone through slumps before 

I’ve seen a LOT of calls to fire the OC but that’s been a thing for years now"
"We just need to get healthy, get some rest, and figure some things out before the playoffs. Very ugly today. But on the bright side, our run game looked pretty good.

Some of the things I’ve been reading are just straight up pathetic. We had a fall from grace. That’s for sure. But have some faith that we can turn it around just as quickly as we lost it. 

We got this."
I agree. Now that I'm done venting and shit the facts are simple: we are riding with Ben the rest of the season so we just have to hope he figures it out. We need to get healthy on defense badly. I really hope we can beat the colts and rest against the browns.
"I just don't see how we don't stop collapsing, like how does this team not suck if there are so many issues and the biggest one is at the top."
"Yes the players should get their share of blame. Ben looked like shit, the OL can’t block, our receivers have trouble catching (besides today). But are Tomlin and co blameless? Fuck no and they haven’t been all year. Anyone who can’t do their part needs to go. If Ben can’t improve, he needs to go. If Tomlin can’t, he needs to go. Fichtner, nuff said"
I think it’s randy either he has to go or cook up some new not PREDICTABLE PLAYS
So excited to go from 11-0 to one and done in the playoffs.
"The offense needs to get their shit together. Our offense has lost us three straight games, and if they don't get any better, I don't see how we win a wild card game."
"Honestly I haven't read anything about firing Tomlin or benching Ben. I've seen many opinions on moving on from Ben next year, nothing about firing Tomlin, a ton about a new OC, OL, RB needs..."
"I would be more confident in winning with Mason than Ben so I'm disagreeing pretty hard.

And Tomlin late-season collapses are his specialty so... Plus why did Ben stay in the game yesterday?"
The only people who still call for Tomlin to be fired are the racist inbred hicks of Western PA and WV.
Maaaaaaaaaaaybe stop dancing on other teams logos.  Just a thought.
"Players dance before every game, the media has made this a problem not JuJu."
"If juju doesnt dance at the beginning im 99% sure we still lose that game...its not like the opposing team saw that happen and then all of a sudden decided, now its time to win. Also i dont think him dancing makes this win feel worse. I care way more about our abysmal offense than juju’s pre game dance"
Ahhh yes instead of losing 27-17 we lose 20-17
"I've said some variation of this 4 or 5 times already but I will copy and paste it again here...

""I don't think anyone intelligent is blaming his dancing for the loss.

But his dancing is a bad look when the offense is getting embarrassed. So either Tomlin is okay with it (and that, in and of itself, is a problem) or Tomlin has a problem with it but JuJu won't stop doing it. And if that's the case he shouldn't be back next season."""
"If this post bugs you, remember not to upvote the next post you see that says “X Y danced on terrible towel.”"
"I really couldn’t care less, he’s just dancing and he’s been doing it all year.  He’s been our best reciever easily and he just having fun.  We can’t blame him for the rest of the offenses horrible play"
This narrative is so fucking stupid.
The Bengals came to play and the Steelers came  for a win. You don’t get a participation trophy because you showed up or because your the favorite. You have to play the game. Out muscled on both sides of the ball. Out coached in all phases of the game. Last but not least the Steelers were hit in the mouth by little brother and never recovered. Move on expeditiously!
"It’s part of his brand he dances, he does tik toks and YouTube vids it makes him money he may look stupid dancing to lots of people but those videos will also make him more than a lot of people will make in a year. I agree when we lose dancing on the logo makes him look stupid but if we weren’t losing nobody would have any problem with it and he’d still be making bank"
I would agree if it was Ben dancing on the logo considering he is the reason we lost.
"Idk man I don’t know of any other players that make a ritual of dancing on other teams’ logos at midfield 

Dancing in between reps as you’re warming up is one thing, this is kinda different"
Losers shouldn’t dance.
"Yep, the dancing which I was unaware of until 2-3 weeks ago is the most un-Steeler thing along with Motherfucking Tik Tok. Want to be a Steeler? Run people the fuck over! Want to be a Cowboy? Dance on logos and be a Tik Tok star. We just lost to the Bengals....our special needs cousin. Doesn't say much about us."
But bro didnt u see how SICK his dance was?? So COOL!
"It's a disgrace that Tomlin allowed this to continue, whenever he found out about it. Any good coach would order an immediate stop to this kind of bullcrap. But we're talking about the guy who put Michael Vick in a Steelers uniform."
A valid thought. As we ask can it’s grabbing unwanted attention. Maybe canceling dancing in the middle of turn field for now would be best. Media will take anything and run with it like This is something new. That’s what they’re doing right now. Crazy how the media can ruin a good thing
Juju is embarrassing. Dude is average af but seems to put more effort into social media than playing football. Can't wait to see him leave.
[removed]
[deleted]
"I watched the first quarter of the game and turned it off. Our offense just looked abysmal out there. For those of you who could bare to watch the whole game, what are the silver linings from this game? Anything to give me more hope? Because just like most of us, I’m in panic mode"
All this offensive failure might finally lead to us letting Randy walk
"If we get eliminated early, we’ll hopefully get to watch some really good playoff games without being stressed out."
"Jordan berry. Diontae Johnson with good, sure handed catches"
"The offense played pretty well in the second half- Diontae Johnson didn't have any drops and the running game opened up (relative to what it was before).

If we can have the second half offense consistently (and not spot the opponent 17+ points at the beginning of the game), I believe that this team can still go far. 

While I'm definitely not happy about this loss for sure, I don't think it's time to completely give up on this team yet."
Silver lining is this is all just fuel to the ben retirement fire. And we all know once ben goes randy goes. Next year might be our last shot. Just need to find a QB who can do more than 30 5yd passes a game.
Silver lining is no one expects anything from us now so maybe we can catch someone off guard. I’m as disappointed as anyone rn lmao.
Tj Watt and Minkah Fitzpatrick are still under contract next year. That's about it.
"The defenses of the killer Bs run were terrible, you couldn't fix that midseason. That was a blown head gasket, this is a flat tire by comparison. It's just that a flat tire looks and feels really ugly until it's taken care of. Ben is gonna have to put in the extra work to get his accuracy back. And he needs more practice because he's not reading the defense at all post snap. And we've got two more to get this figured out. With that and getting Vince/Spillane back, we can beat anyone. We have no shortage of talent for that."
"Not even joking - Jordan Berry punted the ever-loving shit out of the ball. Him getting cut at the beginning of the year seems to have gotten his mind right, because he's been great since he returned. If you're going to be a defense-first team, flipping the field with your special teams is essential.

The receivers got open. Claypool and DJ both got free multiple times.

They tried some different things - it's clear that Roethlisberger doesn't want to be under center, but peppering in some pistol steps was a nice half step. They ran some play action. They ran some deeper routes.

The secondary still looks really strong and deep.

I think that's it."
"Playoff experience for a lot of young guys that we have on the roster. Probably Ben's last year so if he goes, Randy should as well. On a side note Randy made minor adjustments that weren't seen the last two games in the 2nd half. Hopefully something carries over soon because we're almost out of OL."
There are none. We are a legit bottom feeder without the benefit of a high draft pick. There’s nothing worse than that.
Definitely not the playbook.
The only silver lining is that once Ben is gone Randy is gone too. Even though Ben played spectacular those first 8 or 9 games. The creativity on offense has been non existent for far too long. And that falls squarely on Ben and Randy. I love watching Ben play and he's a first ballot HOF (if you don't agree go debate ya mama) but I can't deal with a player that holds a team back. And unfortunately that's where we at with Ben.
Special teams were good. Benny Snell actually looked really good considering our line can't open up many holes. DJ was a magnet and maybe got over his case of the yips. The 2nd half was a lot better and if we could figure out how to put 4 quarters together we might have a chance to win another game this season.
Silver lining is we’re in the playoffs and we won it all as a wildcard team. As anyone who is an avid sports fan will tell you the playoffs are a different animal. Anything can happen and usually does. You can’t win the trophy if your not in the dance. Steelers went to Denver with a great record and the team lost to Tebow. ANYTHING can happen.
"All but one of their TDs were on drives after turnovers, so our defense is still good and all we need to do is not turn the ball over."
"DJ stepped up. Our passing game play calling was leagues more advanced than it's been all year. We actually had designed passes to the intermediate of the field! We actually ran play action! Our defense is still elite. Boswell continued to be perfect against Cincy. Ben looked like different player in the second half. We were a questionably missed PI, or a milisecond more of a clean pocket on the 4th down sailed throw, from possibly tying the game up after having like 20 total yards of offense in the first half. 

It's easy to be doom and gloom, choose to be optimistic! I like this post!"
"The last hope is that we’re playing coy offense lol. Its a Mutumbo, Bradley, Muresan, and Bol in daisy chain reach. I know. Ben was moving and holding on to the ball. Taking shots while taking shots. But wasn’t seeing the field and poor decision making (not positive but can be corrected) TD to DJ was a nice throw (something we haven’t seen in weeks). It was a flash in the pan because it was in the second half but it leaves you to wonder if he’s going to see it and try to go out guns blazing. At this point what do u have to lose ? Walk out with the same plan -> another L -> prime the turds to go all in week 17. Change or prepare to skid to 11-6. So tune in to see what version plays??"
"“I watched first quarter and turned it off”

Go watch the rest or fuck off before asking questions, fake ass fan."
[removed]
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
https://instagram.com/dailygoogletrends?igshid=h7queft5qhk0
"So I’ve been thinking not a lot probably just been like 15 minutes but Ben as we all sadly know will probably be retiring soon so who is the next runner up? 

(This is also if Ben retires and we fix the cap hit and resign juju and bud if possible
Also that we either fire randy and get a new OC)

I’ve been thinking someone like Marcus Mariota I personally like him and his play style also it would be a really good and helpful thing on offense if we had a dual threat QB running/ passing. I think it would always keep the opposing teams defense pretty confused like how the eagles/ ravens/ cardinals are doing it but it won’t be as effective you now just something for them to think about. 

Or maybe someone like Matt Satfford he would probably cost a first rounder or 2 which I would say we shouldn’t give up knowing potential we could get but if we do I think it would be a pretty good fit. He would have good receivers and I think he is a good QB so there would hopefully be a great dynamic offense who knows.

Or the most likely route we draft a QB. This is probably the route we will go but I mean there will be some good QBs in the next few drafts so I wouldn’t be surprised if that’s how we decide to go.

But please let me know how you guys are thinking we go about this"
Here’s how it’s going to go: Ben is going to continue to hold this org hostage for as long as his ego takes him.
I really think we just need to bite the bullet and draft a guy. I really like Mac Jones
"I hope they turn it around but whether they do or not the Steelers need to bring in a QB to give Ben some competition in training camp. No position should be handed to anyone. Rudolph is too satisfied with being a backup and I’m sure Ben likes that. He’s 37 years old, didn’t play a full schedule last year, no training camp, no workouts except on his own, had major elbow surgery, no running game to count on. That’s a long laundry list of things to overcome. I’m hoping for the best like but it broke my heart back in 1983 watching Bradshaw come off the field with his arm hangin. 
Keeping the faith!"
Sam Darnold
[deleted]
"We have an issue whereby with our cap space, currently drafting one is our best and most viable option. If Ben retires or restructures or signs a severely reduced contract, then yes we could likely trade for an existing nfl quarterback"
Ben will finish out this season and start next year
"Without Ben it would be mason, dobbs, or a draft pick"
"Fuck it, give me Gardner Minshew."
Ben retires to save the city of Pittsburgh and reinvigorate the Steelers then Kyle Trask or Mac Jones leads us to the Super Bowl in their first year after Tyrod Taylor or Fitzpatrick teach them the NFL
If they had any balls they would offer something to Baltimore for Tyler Huntley
"Ben hopefully retires with full honors. We trade a 2nd pick for Darnold, Mariotta, or Stafford."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"You realize they do it to get attention and reactions out of us right? By making this post, you’re giving the trolls exactly what they want"
"Steelers fan here,

The team is bad and you just need to learn to deal with it. Our playoff run is going to consist of a wildcard game. The rest of the league has seen through the charade."
"He's just trying to make his money, maybe having a bit of fun too. How about we all calm the fuck down. We're better off if he keeps making bank from his tik tok persona becaue he's more likely to sign a team-friendly contract. Let's just support our players and hope they perform on the field"
Our opponents
"Only an idiot would think JuJu dancing suddenly gets the opposing team fired up enough to win. 

But it is embarrassing as fuck that he does that shit then the offense comes out and plays like shit. He has to stop doing it. If he does it against Cleveland then we can assume one of two scenarios...

A.) Tomlin condones the behavior, which is a problem.

Or

B.) He doesnt and JuJu does it anyway. Which means JuJu needs to be off the fucking team asap."
Reporters like to make failures a character issue rather than poor play calling or execution. Much easier to make an emotionally engaging narrative. That’s why Colin Cowherd thought Baker needed to stop doing commercials and PFF said he needed to learn to read a defense. Juju dancing is the best drama they can mine so it’s the vein their going after.
"I don't really care about Juju dancing either way, and I think any added ""motivation"" it gives the opponent is a net-even (e.g., the leading-with-the-crown of the helmet penalty Von Bell should have gotten on the Juju fumble should have outweighed any additional ""motivation"" a world class athlete already gets).

With that being said, it still makes him look pretty dumb when he's dancing on the logo and then goes for 3 catches, 15 yards, and a fumble, and I do wonder if this negative attention costs him a little bit of money in free agency."
JuJu is cat shit.
"The football gods care. They have enacted vengeance upon this team the likes of which the league has never seen. They've cursed this team to continue to lose until the 15th clucking of the rooster on the 4th of September, 2025. The only way for redemption is for Juju to travel the Land of Kansas, sly the Mahomes dragon, and bring good tidings and fortune to all of the Land of Steel.

The prophecy has been written, and so it will be."
"I think people as a whole are blowing the Juju dancing thing way out of proportion, but I'll agree with people and say at this point, he should stop. Is it really anything harmful in itself? No, but now it's a talking point, which can easily be a distraction and the Steelers don't ever deal well with those. But I mean, the media started talking about it for some reason, and then it became this huge deal all of the sudden. If anyone really believes that the Steelers going from 11-0 to 11-3 is a direct result of Juju dancing, they are just not paying attention."
"For me, it’s all about Juju’s focus. Does he want to be an all pro level WR? Or is he ok with being an average WR who is better known for dancing on a social media app? 

Not saying he can’t do both, be great and have fun.. but he’s not been great, so anything he does outside of the game that can be perceived as a negative, such as dancing on the opponents logo at the 50 yard line will be scrutinized, and his focus questioned. 

If he balls out of control, all of the criticism will stop."
"We all look as dumb as his videos in they eyes of every non steeler fan in America when he gets destroyed, and fumbles that led to 7 points. 
You know how dumb you guys look defending this guy UNCONDITIONALLY?
yeah, pretty fucking dumb."
Boomers and people with Boomer mentalities. Simple as that.
"Last 9 seasons of football under Tomlin:

12-4: Lose to Tim Tebow Broncos. Let me say that again, The Tim Tebow Broncos. One and done.

8-8 Didn't make playoffs

8-8 Didn't make playoffs

11-5 slaughtered by Ravens. One and done.

10-6 lose to Broncos in divisional round.

11-5 slaughtered by Patriots in AFC championship game

13-3 Put up 42 points against the top rated Jaguars defense. Ben throws for 469 yards, 2nd highest total in a playoff game ever and 5 TDS. Give up 45 points to Blake Bortles. One and done.

9-6-1 didn't make playoffs

8-8 didn't make playoffs.

This season is still TBD but i'm not sure how anyone can look at the past 9 years and think we would go very far into the playoffs. 

This is a recurring theme. Year in and year out this team is not prepared to win the big games. You can blame Ben all you want right now and you would be mostly right. He sure isn't playing his best football at the moment but he isn't getting a lot of help and then I think...what about the last 9 seasons when he had career years and we had a top rated defense, all pro running backs and wide receivers all at the same time and we still did nothing? This has been a coaching problem for a long time. Every year I see people saying to fire whoever the offensive coordinator is which is fine but Mike Tomlin gives them their jobs and lets them stay in it for no less than 5 years. 15 seasons, 3 offensive coordinators, 2 defensive coordinators, top rated offense and/or defense most years, 1 Superbowl win....in 2008...12 years ago...with a lot of leftover Bill Cowher players from 2006. Mike Tomlin is a good coach but he isn't a great coach. I'd like to see Tomlin and Big Ben leave the Steelers organization at the same time and rebuild under a new coach and new  QB. I just have no faith that Tomlin can ever assemble a team around him to get over the hump and win a superbowl."
"Thing is he's the best coach in the NFL that isn't called Bill Belichick (possibly spelled name wrong).
I'll let you name me a better, more consistent coach than Tomlin though."
I’m convinced the people who want Tomlin fired aren’t real fans and are just trolls because you can’t be that stupid for real
Fuck off
Clown post
"Ya fire a coach who all his coaching career never had a losing season. Went 8-8 with team last year without Ben. If ya wanna fire anyone it would be the offensive coordinator, Randy. They only offense we do good on is when Ben calls the shots."
I bet you smell like shit even after showering.
FER MIKE TAWMLIN! HURR DURR! HURR DURRITY DURR DURR!
"You're an idiot. If Tomlin was fired, he would be unemployed for about 2 hours."
"> this team is not prepared to win the big games 

I think this oversells it, but it's a theme with Tomlin. Belichick, Harbaugh, and Reid are all able to game-plan effectively to counter the Steelers' strengths, and when the Steelers have to rely on their second- or third-tier tactics, they find them rusty and they seem to under-execute. I think the Steelers are effective when they don't get outcoached (or outplanned), because Tomlin coaches execution -- of Plan A -- as well as anyone. Late in games against good teams, they've run out of surprises; good QBs know what look they're going to see from the black-and-gold secondary, and good DBs know where Ben's sending the ball. 

Belichick's Patriots, Reid's Chiefs, and frequently Harbaugh's Ravens are able to execute _versatility_. Harbaugh doesn't do execution as well -- he loads up the playbook with so many different concepts that inattention to the playbook from a single TE or WR can ruin a drive. But when it's working, Harbaugh can throw the kitchen sink at you from play to play. That's what Tomlin's teams seem to be missing."
3 playoff wins in 10 years and people act like Tomlin is Vince fucking Lombardi himself. Tomlin really isn't doing a good job. Coach Tomlin seems like a very good man and Cowher was a good man too but there comes a time when change is better for everyone.
"The Rooney’s will never have the balls to fire him. This decade of mediocrity is just as much ownerships fault as it is management and coachings. 

If not for Pac-Man and Burfict, he would’ve lost a wild card game to Aj Mccarron. He beat Matt Moore and Adam Gase’s Dolphins, and then had his kicker kick 6 FGs in a win over the Alex Smith Chiefs. 

He’s a joke of a coach."
"Steelers were a strong organization through and through, in spite of the middle Rooney.  At least he knew not to fcuk with a winning structure. This includes scouting, development, coaching, and team philosophy.

The youngest Rooney is simply a tool.  He’s allowing Tomlin, a marginal coach hired by the middle Rooney as a virtue signal, to slowly dismantle what Noll and the elder Rooney built over 5+ years.

People mistakenly think “Steelers don’t fire coaches” and the youngest Rooney seems to misunderstand what his grandfather was actually doing.  Noll and he made a multi-year plan to reach greatness.  Noll wasn’t fired his first two lackluster seasons because that was expected in the plan. It wasn’t some Steelers philosophy to allow a sh!tty coach like Tomlin to find his way, rather it was an expected part of the plan. Rooney Jr.Jr. is the root cause with Tomlin too inept to fix it.

Why Tomlin is inept:

1) Loses “easy” games - he takes the opponent too lightly and allows players to do the same

2) De-emphasis on fundamentals- Steelers can’t tackle anymore, out of shape, frequently lost in coverage

3) Overplays “stars” -  burns through WR and RB til injured and has no plan B.  Loses TJ Watt and defense collapses.

4) He’s stupid, not deep - his so-called brilliant “Tomlinisms” are more Yogi Berra than Belichick.  He spews some nonsense full of many words and gets credit for being deep.  In reality he’s clueless and saying nothing. Smart coaches outsmart him easily.

5) Doesn’t train players - one week, early this year, there were 3 groin injuries on the same day.  What training are they doing?

6) Simpleton approach - he doesn’t have a team oriented strategy.  He’s not intelligent enough. He has a few simple goals each game and can’t adjust when things go bad. 

7) He’s vapid - similar to stupid, but the difference is that he’s “faux articulate”, which is an intellectual head fake, consistent with the substance not following the image.  There’s really no strategy.  Tomlin makes the Steelers image good, but beneath the image is a dismal sh!t show.  He’s made the Steelers like a new home with a beautiful lawn. But, in the backyard are cars up on cinder blocks and crackheads lurking in empty rooms.

Fact is, he isn’t criticized like he should be. Everyone thinks it’s important that he be seen as great regardless of his performance.  You can see that as soon as he is eligible for HOF, he’ll be voted in to meet non-football goals.  The vote will likely be close to unanimous because it will be a scary, CLM to vote against it.  And, in fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if someone tries to speed his eligibility up. 

He won the first few years with THE premier franchise of the NFL, but as Rooney Jr. Jr. allowed him to control the organization, the Steelers have degenerated into the Eagles/Chargers/Browns tier of hapless orgs.

It’s sad to see my team dismantled by this incompetent boob, but even sadder that this Rooney has no idea how he’s destroyed the family’s work

Tomlin has executed the biggest collapse in sports history"
[removed]
For the record Jesse James did catch that ball
"You mean to tell me the sub consisting of 140,000 people isn't a giant monolith?"
I've kept the same mantra all year actually.
"The Ben that threw four touchdowns to Chase in one game isn’t the same Ben anymore. Sorry, but it’s true. 

I read someone suggest that he may be playing through his elbow hurting him again and he’s too proud to say anything about it. Which makes sense because his throws have been way off target.

Edit: People are allowed to criticize and offer up their opinions. Winning 11 games straight and then losing three in a row (two of which should’ve been easy wins) tends to bring out some unfavorable opinions. Just because we’re fans of the team doesn’t mean we have to bend over and take everything without question."
"you ever wonder if there are different people in this sub? Or if things change? What's with you fuckin weirdos defending Ben as if he hasn't been trash for 3 weeks (more like 5) . We don't need to mindlessly pretend the steelers look good while they have the worst offense in the nfl

It's not ""looking for excuses"" it's called ""recognizing the problems"". It's something you're able to do when you're not a deluded yinzer"
Welcome to sports fandom where many are reactionary as fuck. This sub isn’t perfect but if you think other subs are different than think again.
"I disagree with this sub all of the time, I don’t have to sit here here and take this. JUJU STOP DANCING ON THE GOD DAMN LOGO. OTHER TEAMS DONT LIKE IT AND WE HAVE LOST THREE STRAIGHT."
"I politely disagree. Things change during a season. It's not hypocrisy to point out that Ben has declined as the season has gone along, it's a fact. Is it better to not adress the problems this team suffers from instead of trying to correct them? Ben has been an incredible QB for the Steelers and I fucking love the guy as a player, but that doesn't mean I can keep rooting for the guy for all eternity. Players have an expiration date, and Ben is getting closer and closer to his. 

As a Steelers fan, I care more about the future of the team than I do about momentary gratification of the current players. For example, if I was a Jets fan I'd be fucking depressed about that win of theirs more than I'd be happy for the players. The future success of the team is just more important to me than any single player. 

You are a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. I am a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Neither one of us is a hypocrite for having different opinions."
Are you just ignoring context? They’ve lost 3 in a row and have looked like the worst team in the league by far. Fuck off calling everyone who keeps it real a hypocrite. Homers like you are the absolute worst
"Wow, so brave, you’re not afraid to be downvoted for an overly long and accusatory rant"
U/DOS_UNOS has forgotten that opinions can change with new data. Yikes!
My karma shirt isn’t stupid :/
I did downvote you.
"I’m sorry, I didn’t realize that we weren’t allowed to have an emotional response to the team we love. We have high highs and low lows. Sure it’s not the best but 90% of the people here are blowing off steam amongst like minded people. I can say fire whoever and not mean it. You can waive Ben’s stats around but that doesn’t change the fact that he played one of the shittiest games of his career. Stfu"
No one cares.
"All the “fire” posts are shitposts.... except Fitchner, that mf would be lucky to land a high school gig."
"Week 10, Tomlin is a genius.   He is fostering a great cohesive squad of players/coaches and support staff all working with laser focus toward one goal.

Today:  FIRE TOMLIN, He's an idiot!"
"Frankly I enjoy this type of adversity that has come up on our team. Is it not sport unless we have to overcome competitive scenarios? Whats there to enjoy if we just live in a magical land where we endlessly steamroll the entire league?2020 is bad enough. I'm here for the long haul , winning season, loosing season, super bowl win/loss, player drama. I'm  a Steelers man, period."
I thought this year they were trying to have Ben get rid of the ball quickly so he doesnt get hurt but in reality he has 0 time back there. yesterday he was under attack every dropback.
Do you mean to tell me that fans are happy when the team does well and angry when the team does badly? Could’ve saved you a few paragraphs of writing on that one
"At 11-0, we weren’t as good as we thought, but at 11-3, we aren’t as bad as we think now. I think Ben has been so focused on getting the ball out fast, that he hasn’t been seeing the field. Now that defenses adjusted, he needs to start making reads again. I wasn’t as troubled by the inaccurate throws as much as I was Ben just flat out not seeing guys open. He seems to be predetermining where he’s gonna throw presnap. But through his career, Ben has had elite field vision. No body was better finding open guys after the play broke down. So I think he needs to adjust. The coaching staff needs to adjust. Maybe he’s done, but maybe also he’ll look at tape and figure it out. 

Also, maybe the WRs aren’t as good as we thought. On the downfield throws, no one has been creating any separation. The Bengals were playing press man on guys and talented receivers LOVE that coverage. DJ seems like the only guy who can beat the coverage, but obviously he’s had issues with drops. Juju, Washington, and Claypool aren’t beating that aggressive man coverage right now. Claypool may have hit the rookie wall. I have faith that he’s special, and any struggles from him are due to being a rookie. But Juju hasn’t looked good in a while."
"Hmm, we praised him when he was playing well, and criticize him when he's playing badly.  That sounds real hypocritical and unreasonable."
"I agree, way too reactionary. 

Fire Fichtner though. Been saying that for a few years."
We just want accountability. It is not hypocritical to want the team to be the best it can be.
"With all due respect, I think you should shut up. Just because any one of us is criticizing the team, doesn’t mean we’re abandoning ship or no longer supporting the team. Even more than that there’s a duty on the part of a fan base to hold underperforming players and coaches accountable or at the least point out the things they’re doing wrong. In the case of the Steelers, the fans should be even more vocal because it’s unbelievable how much our team has regressed in such a short amount of time. It’s blatantly obvious that these issues run deep and is more than just your run of the mill slump. I also think that our fans should have higher standards for our coaches and players given the caliber of our organization. We’re not the fucking Jets. Simply ending with a winning record or making the playoffs shouldn’t be the measuring bar for success."
"It’s society this age man. Everyone needs instant gratification.  Pittsburgh just hasn’t been a good team the last 4 games. Hopefully they snap out of it. If not embrace the suck. Been watching this team for almost 20 years, have 30 jerseys, 9 Steelers tattoos and named my kid Ben. Can’t switch teams now lol"
You mad bro?
"I almost completely agree with you. I got what I was expecting last night. Were still a good team, but i think things were allowed to get sloppy over our win streak because we were winning. Problems that have been there all season are now being exposed and the injuries stacking up on def are hurting our ability to stop the run.  Marcus allen isnt a mlb and we could see that, but I dont think that is anyone's fault, how can you plan for so many injuries at the same position     

I liked what they were attempting to do in the first half last night, but ben and the o line were not executing because they were not asked to do those things at all this season. Ben was going under center, they were trying to run the ball, they were actually using play action. We need to keep doing that but with better execution. If we can establish a run and play action game then those short passes will be there also. Ben doesnt have the deep ball accuracy any more which I think is obvious, but as long as we do those other things we can still take relatively safe shots down field occasionally to keep defs honest.

This isnt reactionary to this game bc I've been saying it for 3 years, but Fichtner needs to go. He may be a decent qb coach and all, but he is not a good play caller. After this season, we need to find a new OC. It may get worse than it is now, but Randy isnt a good play caller and he let's ben get away with too much because they are buddies."
"Fans thought that these dumb-looking quick passes were holding back Ben's potential. We just didn't know that he can't throw the ball deep anymore. 

Another thing that we don't see on TV is that the receivers aren't getting enough seperation. And they're dropping passes like crazy (#1 in the league by quite a margin). 

That's a one-dimensional offense that opposing coaches love to take apart.

Defense is good but someone like Mahomes is going to punish the Blitz. The Saints actually did a good job against him, I don't think the Steelers can cover Kelce or Hill as good.

This feels a bit like December last season. Teams have figured us out and the defense hasn't had a pick six to bail out the offense since the Baltimore game."
"The problem is JuJu isn't a superstar. If he doesn't have an above average QB throwing him the ball, he isn't going to produce anything eye popping. Would you really want to pay JuJu 15m/year to put up stats like this season? I know I wouldn't. 

I'm not sure what Ben's deal is, but last night we probably have a better chance to win that football game if Rudolph is under center. Sure Rudolph isn't great, but he at least he can throw the football downfield. And he doesn't over throw who ever it was on that 4th down conversion. 

Worst case scenario: Ben is done in a year. Sell the farm and get as many picks as you can. Lock up Watt. Try to make a play for Dupree. Try and trade Pouncey and Foster for a half eaten ham sandwich. Its better to start the rebuild a year early than a year too late. 

Ben doesn't have it anymore and he's not taking us on a deep run into the post season."
"OP is kinda right. A few weeks ago it was all positive posts about how well we were doing and we lose 3 games and you want our HoF QB to hang em up and want to fire our entire coaching staff essentially. You’re all fucking loons, if we had did it backwards and lost 3 games in a row and then won 11 in a row you guys would spinning a similar web. Be a fan or don’t be a fan"
I appreciate you and hope you have a very merry Christmas
Hypocrites? Lmao fuck all that. This team has had a decade long record of falling apart when it matters. I’ve been a fan all my life and I’ll continue to love the Steeler. But this is the same bullshit/bonehead things they do that makes everyone lose their collective minds every fucking year. These guys are wasting talent over a washed up QB and a organization that’s too nice to do the hard thing and fire the people that no longer produce. I’m thankful to Ben for the past accomplishments and that championship. But we can’t fucking live in the past man. We gotta level up and win now!
"The only firing I’ve been calling for is Randy Fichtner. From day one. I just don’t believe he is good at his job. And if it weren’t for him having Ben to rely on, he would’ve been exposed by now. We were 11-0 but not because Fichtner is some offensive genius. He has a HOF qb that can take over and call his own plays at any time and he knows it."
"It's honestly my fault, I haven't watched the last 3 games this season..... Coincidence?"
"Dude, this is reddit. That's what happens here. likely for every other team as well. 
 Also, we should all be pissed. This team has shit the bed multiple weeks in a row."
Who has said fire Tomlin?
"I’m sure it’s controversial to say this, but having seen the Chiefs, Packers, Bucs, (and maybe) Saints, Seahawks, Cardinals, etc., I was more surprised with our 11-0 start than the recent 3 loss stretch. The 11-0 was in spite of Fitchner and not because of him. Ben’s mistakes in the last 3-4 games aren’t new; we’ve seen this in the past years. He’s still got the stats for a HoF QB, and no debates there. The hypocrisy you’re seeing is because we’re 11-0 and went 11-3, but most of us were ready to lay into this many weeks ago. The 11-0 shock held us back."
Interesting rant... but cannot disagree with you... That seems to what our fanbase is.
"I mean what do you expect. This team is not the same team that started 11-0. They’ve lost three in a row, two of them to inferior opponents. The offense can’t do anything. People are rightfully unhappy because this team went from 1st seed super bowl contender to likely being the 5th seed and one and done."
"I just think our offense got found out by Baltimore a few weeks ago and now we need to make something work without rolling out our playoff strategy too soon. I do still think once Ben retires Randy should probably go too. He was promoted because Ben liked him as OC as he trusts Ben to do some playcalling and audibles of his own.

Enjoy what we still have left of Big Ben everyone. He’s been hinting that his final season has been coming for years now but next season could finally be it and during that time we really need to find a successor. This offseason is gonna be big for us."
"To a point, I agree with you. As others have pointed out, there's a lot of people in here and there are those who might have wanted him to come back. Personally, I'm from NY and I grew up in Greece so I didn't watch football until I moved to Pittsburgh later in life (not American football at least lol). I started watching a few games with friends with Maddox when I moved there in 03 but didn't watch a full season until Ben's rookie year. So for me, there's a sense of attachment where I've never experienced the search for the next QB and I love Ben. Sure he's flawed, but he's a top tier QB and never truly gets the respect he deserves. He's grown a lot as an individual and matured in the game. I'm not sure his arm is 100% but I agree with you, the fact that people are saying if we cut our loses we gain $19M in cap space is sad considering the season he's had. I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore, I have the joy of living in KC country, so I've been getting tons of shit all season. Which ironically the Chiefs schedule hasn't been much harder than ours, so I hate that excuse. I remember Mark Madden complaining about how Steelers fans are spoiled and point the finger way too quickly in comparison to the Penguins and Pirates fans. We're one of the most consistent franchises in the league, so it's easy for people to say 'next' and call for people to be cut or traded.

That being said, the last 3 games have been extremely frustrating and losing to the Bengals hurts. I don't think it's fair to put all the blame on a few players, be it Ben or Juju or the non existent running game. I'm kind of glad they're getting rattled now so we can make the tweaks we need to hit the playoffs full strength. Which brings me to the point of injuries and changed schedules because of covid. It's been a roller coaster, we had a series of games in way too short of a period of time. The change of schedule throws of prep and cuts into prep time. We're tired, we're off our game, and it's in their heads. I think we still have a shot at another Lombardi but we definitely need to get back to running the ball consistently, and Ben and the receivers need to get on the same page.... and stop dropping balls. We're shooting ourselves in the foot. The season isn't over, we have the personal to overcome this. Ben still has my trust. I want them playing with a chip on their shoulder. We came into the season with something to prove, maybe being undefeated got us slipping, but now they need to wake up and move forward. What's done is done. Snell started to look good in the second half, and hopefully Conner comes back ready to grind. Maybe we won't be so one dimensional. There's still games to be played, and the playoffs are within our grasps."
"I assume this is @me for the post I put up last night. I stand by everything I said. The amount of talent that will need to leave the building to make Ben's contract work is indefensible. 

We can have 2 thoughts in our head at the same time. We can forever be in debt for all he did and all the games won, while also acknowledging it's time to move on and start to find a replacement, as all teams have to do with their greats. Eventually."
"It's like these people don't realize how much our o-line is decimated and that Ben's knee is still hurt. Also, the dude is old! He can't put the team on his back anymore, but he's still one of the best in the game. Our O-line being beat to shit and having mediocre running backs since Bell left means we're 1 dimensional. This team still has 11 wins and will get their shit together before the playoffs start. I loved (/s) how as soon as we went 11-1 this sub was like FIRE TOMLIN! OF COURSE WE LOST THAT GAME UNDER TOMLIN. Like, are you fucking kidding me? This team has 11 wins right now and was fucked by the NFL scheduling department and injuries."
"Just want to state for the record, even when we were undefeated I was ALWAYS on the fire Fichtner train. I'm not getting off until he's fucking gone."
"Ok word so I’m supposed to just keep hoping Ben plays better when he, no exaggeration, had the worst half of football in his entire career against a team that before last night was competing for the first overall pick? People are hitting the panic button and rightly so. I don’t think the entirety of Ben’s or jujus career sucks now because of last night but this team is in trouble and Ben over the last month now has looked BAD. Not average not subpar he’s looked BAD. Quite honestly if we didn’t have Mason Rudolph as our backup and Ben wasn’t a future hall of famer I would’ve been calling for him to be benched after that abysmal half. How are you gonna end a quarter with negative passing yards? Don’t whine about “flip flop fans” this offense looks like shit and as fans of the team we have a right to say so after watching a full month of them look like garbage. If this also isn’t a wake up call to find a new fucking quarterback and soon you’re out of your mind. This was the fucking Bengals"
"I completely agree about Ben. Lets relax. He’s had 2 bad games, and now everyone’s saying he can’t do it anymore? Lmao.

Fichtner and Haley are the only coaches I’ve ever actually wanted fired. The fire tomlin people after each loss who crawl out of the woodwork piss me off.

I hate those karma shirts. I think they’re corny and stupid. But let’s not compare doing a dance on a logo to a hard hit on a player that’s known to play dirty and almost knocked out one of our players in one of the most disgusting hits I’ve seen in recent years.

You’re exactly right about the towel, but I think everyone who actually throws a fit about it needs to grow up. It’s a game. Sure it’s absolutely disrespectful, but if that gives the team extra motivation then who cares. Same about juju dancing. It’s a non story. People who throw a fit about it need to grow up.

I don’t really see the problem with people talking about past plays, or even people talking about other teams. Every team talks about their rivals. That’s why it’s a rivalry. I don’t think it’s a horrible thing to make jokes about Jesse James catch or think about big plays like Joe’s INT either. It’s fun to relive and talk about big plays in our teams history. 

In the case for AB, he’s really a special case. I don’t really think it’s wrong to talk about ex players for the Steelers. It’s not like we’re posting their stat line every week. Brown is more about what he’s doing off the field. Bell on the other hand actually gets some love but does get those comments about falling off.

That turned into a novel of my own. Just posting my thoughts. I’m with you in a lot of things but some I’m not. I’m just trying to be objective about it and not lose my head.

Overall everyone who thinks the sky is falling needs to relax. We can fix this as quickly as it fell apart, if you can even call it that. 

We will get back on track and healthy before playoffs."
"Wait, nobody was calling for Ben to retire immediately after throwing a dime to Santonio in the corner, but after the worst four game scoring stretch since his rookie year, punctuated by a three turnover performance (that could have been five or more) against a shit team when the division crown was on the line the fans are in an uproar and wondering if the 17 year era is coming to an end? Hypocrites."
"I’ve been calling for fictner’s job for the past 3 seasons. My opinion hasn’t changed, he’s an incredibly bland OC."
Ah I must have forgotten I'm supposed to have the exact same opinion as you. My b.
"Thank you. Yesterday I saw so many “I’m a life long Steelers fan but I am done with them” tweets and comments. I know half of what I saw were bots but still. Like, we have a winning season and we have a history of being great competitors. Also, sometimes you’re just a fan of a team that sucks for a while. Thats okay. Take pride in being loyal."
"We could lose 4 in a row but all that matters is what you do in the playoffs. If we win the superbowl, all this is moot point. If we are 1 and done, then we know. Relax."
Top post on this sub is about forcing Ben to retire...... how fast people turn around and act like they knew he was what’s wrong all along (he’s not).
A lot has happened to change opinions the past 3 weeks.
"I'm not sure what my opinion of Ben was through games 1-11.  Probably the only thing I can say is Ben can't throw the long ball.  He hasn't since this season started.

But I do know now, someone in bens camp yesterday slipped info he's coming back next year.  After it gets out he plays like dog shit that night.

That's a huge fucking optics issue"
"I agree with everything here EXCEPT the part about Juju. He got clapped and that’s the game of football, would’ve happened to any receiver in that position. Nobody cared about the dancing the first 11 games. Now that we’re losing, the narrative is “He needs to spend less time dancing and more time catching the football”. And I get it, it’s flamboyant and childish, but quite frankly Juju is a football player first and foremost and one of the toughest guys we have on the team pound for pound and undoubtably a huge competitor. Not everything a player does is to gloat, it’s obvious he’s not dancing to gloat about how good the Steelers are right now... he’s just having fun.

It feels like people think that the NFL is just a job for the players, but they’re allowed to have fun too. I know if I could’ve played football for longer I would’ve liked to have had fun with it. The last thing I’d want is for being on a losing team to make football into just a job for Juju, because that’s how players wash up and retire early."
">Fire Fichtner... Fire Tomlin... Fire Haley... Fire Butler... Fire LeBeau... someone has to be fired for every fucking loss for years now.

Somebody or somebodies is responsible for the habitual shitty playcalling on this offense. You can't pin that on LeBeau or Butler -- but Haley had, and Fichtner, Tomlin, and Ben all currently share, some degree of responsibility there. If you can point out just one party there who's overriding the other two and excise that tumor, great, but at some point you need to address the root of your problem(s)."
Don't forget how the entire fuckin fan base was calling for Mason rudolph to be the long term starter and how we should move on from ben after Mason played one great half
"The Ben that threw 3 touchdowns to Claypool isn’t here anymore. Anybody who wants Juju gone is a fucking moron. Fire Fichtner has always been around, and it should stay. The rest is all true."
i’ve been on the fire randy train this whole season. he is the main problem. ben also playing like he’s afraid to get hit is infuriating because every defense knows he’s gonna throw a quick pass. even the announcers (who know jack shit about football most of the time) know it’s coming. it’s infuriating to watch us waste our talent because of stupid play calling and a QB that is good enough to lead this team but decides to make stupid throwing decisions every game
"In fairness, the defense was never of Fichtner. He always called bad games, but Ben improvised and saved him. There is genuine criticism of Ben, especially how poorly he saw the field last night, and I've been calling to draft a QB since last year, and that didn't change when we were 11-0 with a 38 year old QB. The only thing that changed last night was that it fell almost entirely on Ben. Receivers were open, and Ben missed them."
"When Troy, Harrison, Ward, Miller, Farrior, Timmons, etc started to become liabilities, we made the right moves in letting them go and/or encouraging retirement. Ben has fallen off a cliff. No player is bigger than the brand. No player is bigger than the culture. I love Ben to pieces but it's looking like the end for my guy. He's just not seeing the open guys and seems scared to take hits. Even if he turns it around and we make a playoff run, I think the time has come. First ballot HoF. One of the greatest to ever do it."
Isn’t this just a “reactionary” post?
"""You're all..."" on a sub with 134k members. You lost me there."
"There are multiple people in this sub. Its not a fucking hivemind. We are allowed to think otherwise. We dont need to be diehard fans that will excuse every bullshit moment we see because we believe. We need to call it out so we can fix it and not hold us down in playoffs. 

Fitchner has been needing to go for 3 years now.

Ben needs to retire or be benched with a pay cut so we can get a young starting qb. 

Juju needs to grow up. 

Our receivers need to be mentally talked up so they dont drop passes they already caught.

We need to run the ball on smarter drives more. 

WE NEED TO PROTECT OUR PLAYERS AND HELP THEM NOT INJURE THEMSELVES. 

Just cause these words are distasteful doesnt mean we arent allowed to say them just like you get to write your opinion piece on opinion pieces."
">Before December, everyone complained how Ben doesn’t get the credit he deserves. If his stats belonged to Brady, Mahomes, or Rodgers, they’d be talked about as MVP-caliber. Now everyone is posting how much the Steelers can save by cutting him. You’d be fucking crying if Ben hung it up right now or next year.

This is so fucking retarded lmfao. Before December, Ben wasn't singlehandedly costing us games."
God I agree so much. I hate those fucking karma shirts and all the other dumb bullshit.
Meh these are valid complaints. I also won’t be surprised if Ben has a monster game next week either lmao
"I fucking hate the Karma shirts and memes and always have. 

Did Burfict deserve it? Yes. 

Should Juju have stood over him? No. (Should Juju have been suspended for standing over him? No.) 

Should we parade that image around as if we were the arbiters of justice/karma? HELL FUCKING NO. Be better than that people."
People change their minds all the time.
But seriously get rid of the two time and his oc.
As much as I love Juju he had that shit coming
"This is why I'm glad I don't get seriously and emotionally involved in things like sports, in which the outcomes are absolutely beyond my ability to influence."
"Who said something negative about Juju? I haven’t seen anything like that. Some casuals blamed him for the Washington loss but I think every Steelers fan knew to blame Diontae and Ebron for the drops. 

As for Ben, he’s had a few bad games and last night was the worst. However in the first 11 games I strongly believe he did everything he needed to do and stepped up when we needed him to. I sure as hell have never made an MVP argument for him but he was playing like a playoff QB. Now I’m not so sure but everyone has a rough patch. I’m still optimistic we can get past it. Also I know the post you’re referring to about forcing him to retire after this year and that’s solely about value. Two years from now we’re gonna need a new QB so that poster was simply saying let’s save 19M by making Ben retire after this season so we don’t have to lose other players. We’re gonna need a new QB soon anyway so why not start looking and stop some other great players from leaving?

Fichtner has been fucking us over I want him fired. 

As for Tomlin, half the fan base is always going to want him fired. Some people just need someone to be mad at. I think it’s better to direct that anger at Fichtner but let em say what they want. It’s not gonna happen because Tomlin’s a great coach. Sure it pisses me off that whenever we’re double digit favorites there’s like a 40% chance we lose, but he usually gets the job done in big games."
"Vikings fan here, no idea how I ended up stumbling into your neck of the woods but..

This reactionary non-sense literally happens on every NFL subreddit. The vikings subreddit isn't any different, it's so volatile at times that literally a single play changes people's minds to the opposite side of the spectrum."
y’all still suck ass tho
"There’s a difference between crediting Big Ben with the success he’s had over the years with the Steelers. I think we’re lucky to have a QB who dedicated his career to a single team.


With that being said, thinking that he’s past his prime and believing that it may be time to hang up the cleats can be within the same line of thought. 

The two thoughts can coincide with one another."
Wanting Randy gone is definitely not a recent development. Only thing that’s changed for me is that I also want Ben gone too. He just doesn’t have it anymore.
"Yeah and I’ve been saying that juju may not be a wr1
Since his big year. I’ve said Ben has been holding this offense back all year. Finchters play calling and design have been limited and uninspired all year and I’ve been saying for him to be fired basically every game. When Ben was given this massive contract I said right away that it would be a terrible deal because we paid too money for at best an average QB. Nothing has truly changed for this team other than a lack of confidence and a lot less luck"
Remember last year when our team said we were done with distractions? Now we have JuJu posting Tik Toks dancing on teams logos and we hear about it every game. So much for no distractions.
This is just the nature of a fanbase comprised of low quality bandwagoners.
"You get my upvote, Sir."
I agree 100%
I see this man has never experienced the joys of Tennessee Vols Football
"If Ben doesn't retire after this year he will after next - and where does that leave us?

The offensive playbook is geared to Ben so if he gets hurt and they bring in Rudolph he looks terrible because the dink and dunk isn't Rudolph's game - I do not want to go into next season depending on Ben not getting hurt or his arm getting tired.

Even though he's Ben's BFF Randy needs to either show he can game plan with a little more imagination or he has to go - too many good young assistants out there.

And let's quit with the ""real fan"" BS - I go back to Hanratty and there were about as many Steeler ""diehards"" then as there were Penguins fans before Lemieux - hardly any"
It's almost like there's more than 1 person on this sub with different opinions
"I've always said fire Fichtner but the problem is we are too far in the season, Ben and him are friends, and Tomlin doesn't like change. But at some point we cant blame the play calling sometimes we have to blame Ben. His throws last night were slow and wobbly, he doesn't spend enough time in the pocket these 5 yard throws on 3rd and 10 arent cutting it and we need something in between that and a hail mary to receivers that have been dropping passes.  We need to get rid of Conner next season and try and get Sam Darnold so that he can learn from Ben and then become a franchise player for us. We need huge moves this offseason and I don't trust this team to do it. Our defense is nice so we dont need anymore defensive players we need a solid offensive team player. Also JuJu needs to stop the tic toks it's just making him look bad."
"Dude I am entitled to my opinion

And my opinion is that after going 11-0

Then 0-5 and bounced in the Wild card

Some one should be fired 

If it’s the oc then fine

If Big Ben is gonna retire fine (but I only really blame him for last game)

But damn, at this particular moment I’m dreading playoffs and I’ve wanted playoffs since we got bounced in 2017"
In the wise words of the great Chuck Noll....don't get too high with the highs and too low with the lows...or something like that. #steelersfanmotto
"Agreed. Tomlin is the man! Big Ben is our dude. Relax, they’ll get it together before playoffs. Injuries are killing the squad."
"Zounds! There’s a lot to unpack there. In the words of the inimitable Krusty the Klown re: his erstwhile second banana, Sideshow Raheem: “Angry, angry young man”. 

Go easy, brosephus. Seasons come and seasons go. Teams abide.

Eleven and three is disappointing. Dropping three straight (to say nothing of numerous passes and having no meaningful run game of which to speak at the moment) is disheartening, but teams win and teams lose games on the field of play, not individual players, certainly not coaches on the sidelines. 

You seem to get that. Don’t blow a gasket over people airing out their opinions. As the saying goes: opinions and assholes—everybody has them. I’ve noticed in my 54 years, man & boy, that assholes often have ill-informed opinions that issue forth like reports of so many not-so-silent giant farts. 

What’s to do? Let the heathens rage. Pick your battles. Fight the good fight. Live to fight another day. Selah."
Thanks for the reactionary shitpost
Yeah but fire Fitchner.
"i agree in everything men, except fichtner he needs to get out, but its just not Ben the offense looks tired and unmotivated, wrs dropping passes, not being able to run, and as Mark Madden said with Pat Mccaffe ""they have veterans but not leaders"", they desperately need motivation the only part of the team that feels like a unit is the deffense, the offense looks like a bunch of strangers trying to figure things out, im getting sick of it, Dobbs needs to start preparing to take  Bens spot in the future"
I'm just here for the chips.
"Yall are still 11-3, thats better than most teams, sure you entered a rough patch at a bad time but damn your teams is still very good"
"I made a [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/kcxqfx/way_things_are_going/) recently and got hit with people saying I was overreacting and there's no way Steelers lose to the Bengals. I fully believe the Steelers go 11-5, finish the year losing 5 games and get destroyed in the wildcard weekend and out the door. This team used to be the 3Bs. Used to score 30-40 points a game like it was easy (as the Chiefs do now). Big Ben threw 19 yards in the first half against one of the worst defenses. I'm not denouncing the Steelers as my favourite team but I am deflated that an 11-0 team can fall so far so quickly. Browns can easily win the AFCN now. If Steelers play Browns in Wildcard, they will be run over. It just sucks that Ben was so scared of pass rush that erratic throws were wasted and they gave up after turnover on downs. Ben played like an unknowing rookie. He's 1 of 3 QBs with 60,000 pass yards and 2 superbowl rings. Bring this team back and win the AFCN. Ugh. That's my rant."
"Ravens fan here, totally agree. Fuckin Steelers fans man, most fair weathered fans I’ve ever seen. Steelers have garbage year: “LoOK hOw mANy RiNGs wE HAve” Steelers have good year: “fire everyone!”"
I’d still pay Juju. He shouldn’t command top money but he’s a great #2
"And then there’s people like me, who said that, while Ben was doing really well, there’s some concerning aspects of his game."
A lot of bitchassness in this sub. Fair weather fans. Get the fuck off the bandwagon if you can’t handle a few losses without having a mental breakdown
They could use Ben 80% and a running qb 20%.
"I mean, tons of ppl like different shit. I don't care what anyone posts here I just read the stuff I like. Lmao"
"Tbf, you can’t deny the blatant brigading that was happening yesterday. I saw fans from at least 6 different teams coming in to stir shit up. If that’s not “rent free” then I don’t even know what it is. Trash talking in r/nfl is one thing but going to a random team’s sub to mock them because they’re losing, is sad. I didn’t even see many Browns fans either, it was random ass teams like Philadelphia or New York lol"
"Ravens sub is the same, for what it’s worth. We went from “Thank God Greg Roman didn’t get a HC job” to “Fire Roman” so goddamn fast. Now Lamar looks loose again and it’s just an eerie silence. It is good that Reddit subs are not general managers. 

Gonna be cheering for you fuckers. Do not like how that feels.  

-Reluctant Ravens fan"
"I completely agree DOS, through thick and thin, all in."
"Bro idk what planet you’re living on. But I’m going to rock and continue to purchase merchandise win or lose. But that does NOT mean that I’m not going to call their bullshit out. It was only a handful of people that were calling out the offense early in the season. I was one of the them. It was drowned out by the winning streak. Since the first loss, those jubilant posts have faded and what you are NOW hearing are the people who said the offense gameplay wasn’t going to cut it. Hot starts doesn’t mean shit in reality, how many teams have went on win streaks to later fall flat on their face. The worst fan is trying to tell some one that they should do as you do. Outside of the fire and cut posts everything has been completely fair criticism."
Well said. Unfortunately reactionary bullshit is commonplace here and elsewhere on Reddit. People cant help themselves
Sports fans are the most bloodthirsty morons I’ve ever heard of. A few bad games and everyone needs to be fired apparently
Self proclaimed fair weather fan here. The Steelers fan base is both very wholesome and full of trash. The Steelers are generally a decent team in a very lonely division. The fan bois are going to make a lot.of.noise about how pats fans are scum but then do the same thing. (to be clear pats fans are scum).
"I've been a filthy casual football fan for a while and this is the first season I'm really digging into the sport and the fandom, and one thing I've learned real, real quick is that people can and will get emotional, irrational, and reactive. It's sports. It's okay. Not amazing, but okay.  You strip that stuff away and you still have a Steelers fan underneath.

I understand your frustration. It absolutely can be annoying to see people flip-flop like that. (My father-in-law is notorious for it but I know he loves his Eagles.) But, again, at the end of the day we're all still fans here and I think we gotta stick together. There's a line, of course; if you start throwing around death threats towards the team or being super toxic, then you need to gtfo of football entirely but I think that the examples you gave are fine."
"Go off, king"
Damn. If I had the money I’d 100% buy you platinum. This was well said. Why I think Ben is playing bad rn.. 8-8 without<11-3 with him. We need him. He’s just in a slump rn and you could visibly see in his face that he was devastated. I think he’ll come back strong this week. As for juju. I hope he got humbled. He 100% deserved that pop
"Man, the last time I checked, this is a free country and I’m entitled to my own opinion but go off"
"I'd agree,  if these guys didn't make more money for one game than I do for years. Either win, or get out of the way. They ain't giving the money back right?"
Yep I have completely turned on Steelers fans the way they have turned on Ben. If you’re criticizing his play last few games maybe. If you’re planning for life without him bc you think he can’t do it anymore? Shut the fuck up. 17 years of winning and just handed us 11 wins and a playoff berth AGAIN. I’ll let him have a singular 3 game bad stretch of pretty inconsequential games before crucifying him like all you traitors
"reddit got too big and with it unfortunately subs like this have turned into every other sports message board, full of ultra reactionary posts."
"YINZ a buncha hypocrites!  

FTFY"
[deleted]
"Juju can’t beat anyone unless it’s a pick play,  let tick tock walk"
Fuck this heartless group of losers on offense. This defense should beat their asses up and down the practice field
The only thing I am not feeling is Juju and his dick headed dancing.  He is being a jerk doing that in the logos.  Other than that I'm ride or die baby.  We can turn this around.  The Saints did a few years back.
THANK YOU
Honestly anyone upset about towel stepping or logo dancing is a moron IMO.
People either need to accept that we aren’t the best team in the league and that we are going through some issues right now but no one should be fired. Finchnter is doing his job. Maybe not the best but he’s one of the reasons we had 11 straight wins
"I dont know...but you fools better beat Indy so we can knock you off first round of the playoffs.

Aint no way you beat the Ravens three times this year."
"> JuJu put the target on himself at a time when him and the team can’t back it up and he got what he deserved.

TOTALLY AGREE!!

This is soooooo disrespectful. Fuck your social media accounts bro, get your head in the game, think about FOOTBALL not your followers.

It's bullshit."
I can't believe this post has upvotes lol y'all soft as hell. Demand change . Down with Captain Fat Fuck. Bring in a new era of Steelers Football
I think I love you.
Truth.
Needed 3 points from Juju... idk how to feel inside.
The usual trolls crawled back out after hibernating for our 11-0 start.
I'm with you. This sub is hard to be in when things are not going the Steelers way
Well said
For real? We’re 11-3 with a 100% chance to go to the playoffs and a 0% shot at a first round bye. I don’t care what happens. Last night’s game was ugly yes. But sometimes you lose against NFL caliber teams. People reacting to a couple weeks without looking at the big picture is fucking dumb and screams bandwagon to me.
"I like you, well spoken. Our fan base sucks sometimes"
Steelers are ass.
Steelers fans are the most fickle fans in all of sports. Most are top notch bandwagoners. When everything is good they are whoo Super Bowl and when adversity hits and we lose a couple games or somebody gets hurt they are quick to jump off the wagon talk shit and say the season is over. My only complaint is I wish we threw the ball better and that JUJU stay dafaq off the logo. I DGAS how many Tik Tok followers you have. You wanna be a social media star and play your fortnite. Quit football and concentrate on that.
"- Fichtner sucks despite having the #6 offense the year after losing Bell and Brown. All that was done by someone else. Despite the fact that we were a top scoring team this year for many weeks prior to the offensive lion implosion, receivers no longer being able to catch, and the quarterback losing his ability to throw the ball.

- Juju's dancing is really getting out of hand! He danced so hard the gods smote every pass out of Ben's hands to not allow the Steelers to complete passes. If only Juju hadn't danced and Ben could see the wide open players or complete passes. Truly bewildering.

- The defense! Did anyone SEE how they gave up a long touchdown drive in the NFL? It's not like scoring is at an historic pace and the offense kept the defense on the field nonstop. How dare they make a mistake!

- Tomlin is great. He wins a lot of regular season games and that's what we're here to do. 3 post season wins in a decade WOO.

- Honestly Cincy is really starting to come around. I know they don't have their 2 best players but they seem like a sneaky good team that shouldn't have finished #1 in the nfl draft order last year with the incredible personnel of ALS Green and Amputi Bernard.

- We are going to really turn it on. Sure we got out dueled by Ryan Finley but we have some easy games ahead with *checks schedule* the Colts and Browns. We will probably even score some points against them!

- The run game has been bad. We all know this but the reason is we aren't committing to running it into a wall of bodies. You see, the offensive line is meant to fall on your running back and the running backs do all those squats to be able to lift them up and carry them down field for 4-5 yards each carry. 

- The receivers haven't caught very well lately but that has nothing to do with their QB constantly putting them in horribly dangerous situations and them being scared for their own lives.

- And lastly I just had to end this with Fichtner again. I don't know why he keeps telling Ben to throw to that guy who is double-covered instead of the one waving his hand on a GO route! It seems so counter-productive.

Just remember guys, we have a HOF QB and as long as that's true we can beat anyone. That's why Terry Bradshaw does commentary. So that if the Steelers ever need that someone in a big game they can hand him a jersey and we'll have HOF pedigree at the helm ready to win us some big games!

Whatever happens: run the rock into an offensive line that can't get a hole. Ben is great, Randy bad. Juju dances make everyone incapable of playing football. The standard is the standard. Stairway to seven. 11-0 start isn't a fluke. HOF QB. No losing seasons for Tomlin.

*This team is so fucked when Colbert retires or finally nopes out of this operation.* :("
We lost to the Bengals 3rd string QB I think lol.
">Tomlin is great. He wins a lot of regular season games and that's what we're here to do. 3 post season wins in a decade WOO.

Honestly this would be funny if u/John_Bot was not a perfect example of what he himself is trying to parody. A more complete stereotypical Steelers fan believes, and what OP is missing from his list because he himself believes it, is ""Tomlin sucks despite being one of the winningest coaches of all time. All that was done by someone else.""

For as bad as OP thinks all the takes are that he listed, his take on Tomlin is the worst of them all."
"You're not at the Bills sub yet?  Piss off, fraud."
"* It's almost as if the amount of talent on our team can cover up for what is an often totally incompetent coordinator. Imagine what these players could do with someone who didn't get the job because the starting QB thinks he's a swell guy. Randy Fichtner fucking sucks, man. Bad.

* Yeah people blaming this on Juju are total dumbasses and that's legitimately some Classic Yinzer Shit™

* Haven't really seen anyone blame the defense for much but if that's the case, yeah they're dumb too.

* I go back and forth on Tomlin. I don't think it's even close to the point where it's time to replace him but certainly he needs to have some pressure put on him about underperforming and lack of discipline. 

* I have no opinion on the Bengals other than to say we not only should've won last night, but should've blown them tf out. That was a disgusting game.

* The Colts are going to eat our lunch and there's a solid chance the Brownies will too. 

* Eh, the running game does seem to open up a bit more the more we use it, despite how awful it tends to look early in games. We're definitely abandoning the run too early and too often this season. No excuse for throwing it damn near 50 times every game.

* Both the receivers and Ben are pretty shit right now, it don't gotta be one or the other. 

* Ben can be washed AND Randy Fichtner can be dogshit. Again, it don't gotta be one or the other. 

People do need to stop cutting Ben so much slack. He's been really bad, and wasn't all that much better when we were winning. When he was missing early in the year people were saying ""wE StiLL WoN ThO"" and now that we're not winning those people are saying ""iTs JusT (1/2/3) gAmEs, hEs FiNe"". Ben is fucking washed, ya'll. It's time to move on. It happened to Montana, Brady, Manning, etc. Ben isn't better than any of those players by any metric.

Agreed that the Steelers are big time fucked when Colbert is done."
QB bad. Defense good. Need new QB
"Randy is a trash OC. He’s also the scapegoat a lot of people are using to pretend Ben isn’t making horrible decision or didn’t try really hard to get a guy he could control in the position. Sometimes the emperor is an idiot, not just his advisors."
"I don’t get it. The entire league has obviously had our offense figured out for 5 or 6 weeks now. 

At the beginning of the season, those 1 and 2 yard passes would result in the receivers catching the ball and having room to run. Now, they result in the receivers catching the ball while being surrounded by 3 defenders and going nowhere. Yet, we keep doing the same thing over and over and over and keep wondering why a 1 yard pass didn’t work on 3rd and 14."
Randy hasn’t figured out AB doesn’t play for the Steelers and hasn’t changed the offense at all. Randy is over due to be let go.
Trash and garbage
Let’s not forget who has been sucking this year. 78 is getting destroyed. Can we trade him back to the army?
Randy has been trash from day 1. Ben is making bad decisions. OLine is not holding up. Receivers dropping passes. Turnovers on offense. How do you expect to win with a couple of those let alone all of them happening at once!? This offense has literally fallen off a cliff to a complete decline. Went from 100 to 0 real quick.
The play calling is garbage in general.  The line is not playing well at all.  The play calling is doing nothing to help a line playing poorly.  Ben is not good enough anymore to cover for that.  Something has to give.  They need to commit to running.  It sets everything up.
It's our O line. It's pretty bad. Bad coordination made worse by a lack of physicality. The line needs a major upgrade this off season.  Getting Vince back will also help a lot.  Hope Vince doesn't have a bad covid problem.
"Never thought I’d say it, but I miss Todd Haley"
Randy is a fine OC
""
"Kermit the Frog, Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear played starring roles in Monday Night Football or rather, ""Muppet Night Football.""

Kermit said he couldn't wait to see them ""throw around the ole pigskin,"" but by the end of the evening, the once unbeatable Pittsburgh Steelers weren't laughing very much.
Previously a league-best, undefeated 11-0, the Steelers have lost their last three games, including on Monday, going down 27-17 to the Cincinnati Bengals and its third-string quarterback Ryan Finley.

A host of characters from The Muppets introduced the NFL game between the two AFC North teams to mark the holiday season."
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
Very good information here
[deleted]
[deleted]
Love everything you said here except Juju. Even though he's childish and his antics are making headlines he's a baller. Also I don't want Robinson. Trent williams is just as old and decrepit as the rest of our line. We need to sell them all and bring in a godsquad in FA. Shiney new young studs up front.
"1. Cool, so we're stuck with a gigantic 19 million dead cap and Rudolph to start.

2. Sure, why not.

3. Sure, why not. Would prefer to keep Juju since he's so young but it might have to happen.

4. Yup.

5. Can't do it. Even cutting all those players, we wouldn't have the space.

6. I'm on board, but I don't think we can afford them all.

7. No one else.

8. Can't afford them.

9. Can't give up draft picks when you don't have the cap to sign players to make up for the picks you're losing. Not a guarantee they're even good.

10. Oh yeah, let's waste another pick on an RB when they aren't the problem and our OLine is the problem.

11. Sure why not, Canada hasn't helped much this year, why wouldn't gambling on a new OC to go with your new QB behind the offensive line you didn't help work out?

Come on people we just don't have the fucking cap space for this shit."
">What do yinz think about this? Is it even possible?

Well, no, it isn't, so the discussion probably stops there. Ben retiring doesn't free us from his cap hit entirely, not to mention that the cap is dropping significantly as it is."
"I agree mostly. Im torn on Juju and Dupree. Ben needs to hang it up. I think I'd rather have Mac Jones over Trask slightly.....but I was also hopeful when we drafted Reindeer McHelmet-Head.......and we see how that worked out. But, I have a feeling this team will refuse to draft a quality QB and simply sign some other cast-off backup."
"I’d like to keep JuJu but the rest of them can go. Derek Watt too. I don’t think Robinson or Williams is likely. If AV goes we might see a Banner-Okorafor tackle duo. I also don’t think we’ll have to trade up for Trask or Jones, I think one of the two is going to fall to us. Won’t be drafting too far back since we’ll be one and done."
"If #1 happens, you likely can't do #4, 5, 6, 7, 8. They'd still be $7M over a $175M cap if Ben retires before they re-sign anyone."
Who ya'll think is taking Ben's spot when he retires like you so badly want him to
"People in here act like the Steelers CAN re-sign Bud.... they can’t. Unless he’s taking some Walmart discount, which isn’t going to happen."
I WISH we could fetch a guy like Stafford since we won’t be in a draft pick position to get a solid QB.
[deleted]
[deleted]
i still think not having a bye week for weeks has mentally drained this team....they have no rhythym...nothing...when you dont get a normal week off it gets you tired and the steelers are tired
"The loss to Washington- A game we should have won, but we all knew we weren't going to be 16-0.  Also having to play it so close to the Baltimore game definitely had us tired and out of sync.

The loss to Buffalo- Buffalo is a playoff team and is arguably the 2nd best team in the AFC.  No shame in losing to them.

The loss to Cincinnati- losing handily to a 2-10 -1 team  with a third string QB....... inexcusable."
I preferred cheering on the 2019 Steelers. This year has been so hard
I'm not going to act like this is all because of the Ravens but the downfall really did start when their schedule got shifted around
:'(
I can’t say the Ravens did this on purpose but it’s still their fault and we shouldn’t have to suffer because their players couldn’t prevent themselves from contracting the virus. We played 3 games in the span of 12 days and we’ve lost a lot of players to injury.
"I know I know after last night no one thinks we're going to win another game and lose immeditely in the playoffs blah blah, but anyway here's some scenarios and key games remaining.

Let's assume everyone's correct and Pit loses out and finishes 11-5- we're then either the 5/6 seed depending upon this weeks Tenn/GB game. If Tenn wins we're the 6, they lose we're the 5 most likely.

If we beat EITHER Indy or Cle we would win the division and be the 3/4 seed. Again seeding would likely depend if Tenn wins this week or not.

In the seemingly unlikely scenario we win out we would remain the 3 seed unless Buff loses either of their remaining 2 then we would take the 2 seed back.

Also very interested in how Mia, Cle, and Balt finish. There are scenarios where any of the 3 can miss the playoffs and as we know Cle could still win the division and would be the 3 seed. There's still a lot of football left and as we saw last night anything can happen. I'm not here to debate whether we will win another game, just providing some possibilities for playoff seeding since we are guaranteed to at least get 1.."
"I don’t care what seed we end up, we need to find an offense. It boggles my mind that Ben has time to throw and with this much talent at wide out and TE and we still can’t move the ball."
*Proceeds to get bounced round 1* there ya go. That's the playoff scenario
"It's just so irrelevant. Not because the offense is so bad. Its just..do we really care if we're the #6 or #3 seed when theres not even crowds?

I mean yes I'd like to avoid the dolphins and ravens, but outside of that, why should it matter to anyone?"
""
Let's see who else we can incorrectly blame! :)
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
"Look y’all can beat us in the playoffs when we get to it I just want the the Titans to finally have the AFC south title after many many years. 

And Colts tears taste better than sweet tea to us 

#FTC"
"I mean
  
*gestures broadly at everything"
"Good fuckin' luck bud. I'd like to say ""we'll try"" but I'm not entirely sure we will.

Hopefully next year we luck into a Tannehill-type situation like you guys did. Can't believe that dude is playing as well as he is."
Steelers beating the Colts or Titans? You have too much faith man.
we’ll probably lose to them and we’ll probably lose to you too man
Y’all are asking for a lot here.
"Steelers fan here, please beat the Colts"
The most Steelers thing to do is blow the water out of the Colts
Lol is anyone gunna tell him?
That sounds impossible but we’ll hit a sweet corvette corvette on the logo for you
We wont
IDontThinkIWill.jpg
Please pass what you're smoking. I'd like some.
"You’re asking for a lot, but we’ll try."
They have no chance man
Aren’t the Titans part of the reason the Steelers are playing 13 games in a row and getting beat up/injured down the stretch?
Why would you want to win the division but be fine with losing in the playoffs?
"Bud, did you watch the game last night?"
"Lmao we will try, its not looking great right now."
"You Titans fans have only beaten us 8 times since like 2004. Silence!!!

Hopefully Steelers tiebreaker over Titans eliminates them!"
"Kindly go fuck yourself. You caused us to waste our bye in week 4.

I'll be happy to see us lose if it fucks your team over."
"We will have the hamster powering our offense run double speed in hopes of achieving this for you.

At the moment I think the Steelers are the team everyone is hoping to get in the playoffs."
Colts fan here. Please beat lose to the colts. Fuck the Tits
"Our sub is embarrassing over the past 16 hours. I believe we can beat the colts. Getting a few key players back and despite the bad showing last night, the running game looked good and we were trying new things in the passing game. Which is good because that’s two things that’s killed us in recent weeks."
I’ll intervene 😈
"Browns fan here, please don't beat the Colts.. But if you do thats OK too."
"As crazy as this sounds...I wouldn't mind (as a Browns fan) seeing the Steelers win which would clinch us a playoff birth. I really would like to win the North, but playoffs > division title for me, personally."
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"So I’m a browns fan and I want to try to be respectful. Having said that I think your offense was propped up by a really really good defense early in the year with turnovers and short fields. Your offense has been mediocre most of the year and now with the injuries on defense you guys can’t rely on them to keep you guys in games. Also O-line injuries killing you too but even when they were healthy your run game was kinda trash. I don’t think Ben can win in this league much anymore when he has to throw 40+ in a game. Anyway I hope you guys lose next week to set up an epic week 17 showdown for the division. And in true Browns fashion if we win next week but lose to you guy we could be knocked out of the playoffs completely. I think even if both of our teams make the playoffs both of us will be one and done. I don’t think your offense will be able to keep up with other teams and our defense is a sieve against the pass. As much as it pains me to say this I think the shitbirds are the team in the AFC north setup beat to make a run in the playoffs. Sorry for the long winded response and again not tryin. To be disrespectful just trying to respond to reality


Edit: I forgot the obligatory FTS and FTR"
"Got to get the running game going if you want to beat that fast, undersized Colts D.  Got to stuff the Colts running game and force them to make explosive plays.  Hoping Tomlin takes a page out of the Noll/Cowher play book and slows things down, try to win an ugly game by attrition like he did when Landry or Vick would start."
Let's just ff lol. We could try to get people healthy so we can at least try to score 1 TD in the playoffs. I know it's a long shot but 1 TD would be less embarrassing than hobbling in with broken men and getting shutout.
[removed]
Yeah... We really don't have much ground to stand on to talk shit about the other team. Can we trash talk ourselves?
Were ass...ohhh you meant the other team.
we can’t talk shit until our team steps up
If the offense figures it out we can still be good. Am I doing it right?
I would rather field our 2019 team. That squad was fun to root for. This shit is just depressing
PHIL RIVERS HAS LOTS OF KIDS
You guys are poop
Colts? More like....dolts....
I’ll let Juju’s tik toks do the trash talking for us
I think he’d be a steal and we also need an OT. He’s projected to go 19th but he could drop or we could trade up.
"I would love that, but it seems like that may be a little high - I've seen a couple of mocks have him as the second OT off the board so that would have to be a pretty hefty drop. That said, it looks like there are a number of really strong OTs in the draft (not like last year, but still really good) so hopefully they can snag a top-15 talent in the early to mid 20s."
Quarterback
I’ve mocked him to the Steelers multiple times. LT is looking like the move so whether it’s him or the guy from USC or Mayfield from Michigan I’m quite on board with going tackle round 1.
Kyle Trask and Mac Jones on my mind
"It seems to me like we’re on track for going 19th anyway, so I don’t see a reason to plan ahead."
[deleted]
"Matthew Stafford is under contract until 2023, so you can't just sign him.

With Ben Roethlisberger, the Steelers are $20ish million over the cap next year. If he retires, they are $7ish million over the cap next year."
Trask and Harris would be ass behind our current 2021 line.
"No, why sign an aging QB?"
Does our offense suck because the scheme/coordinator is trash?  Or does the scheme look like garbage because the O-line is basically 5 turnstiles?
Hope trey lance falls to us
"Stafford is under contract, unless the lions cut him. If they cut him, someone with cap space probably outbids us. He's got a base salary of $9.5m and is due a $10m roster bonus. I believe if we traded for him, we'd be responsible for the roster bonus, though not whatever is left over from his signing bonuses. If Ben retires or is cut, we'd be stuck with $22m in dead money from his prorated bonuses. So if we acquired Stafford by trade, we'd have $41.5m committed to qbs (which is slightly more than ben's cap hit for next year if he comes back and they don't restructure). Given that we're already over next year's (projected shrinking) cap without a full roster, even after ben retiring, I'm not sure outside free agents are a reasonable possibility. Maybe the league works something out with the union and the cap doesn't shrink as much as projected and they can figure something out."
Reserving OL for later rounds is the sign of a bad franchises. You win this game in the trenches
Mac Jones is the dream but I agree if he's taken Trask is the man. Ben's gotta retire though. It's the only way
"Hate to say it about a future HOFer, but we gotta let Ben go (or talk him into retiring).  It still a $22 mil cap hit, but saves $19 mil over his salary.  We are pissing away the skills of a generational defense as the window of opportunity closes"
"I’ve seen teams that haven’t scored in a game and then get blown out play better fundamentally sound football than we’ve been looking like. There were times were i was thinking, “why would Ben throw it to the receiver with 3 bengals around him,” “do they all know what play they’re running (offense and defense),” etc. This isn’t to shit on our boys I know they’re trying and let’s look forward to next week.  But anyone else feel like we were lacking in the basic fundamentals on every aspect of football last night?"
"Best way to get out of a team slump is to start hitting people.  Right, wrong, or indifferent, if you don't know what to do, just hit someone and things fix themselves. This is not a country club.  Get out of the hot tub, put down the power smoothie and hit anything that moves."
"I don't think Ben suddenly forgot how to play football.

I think Ben would throw into quad coverage just to get the ball out of his hands because he's scared to take a hit now."
"It's a mental issue that has infected the whole team, not just Ben, like any virus."
QB bad. Need new QB
"Do yourself a favor and avoid watching or reading anything from ESPN or any other sports networks this week. Hell, don’t even look at the subreddit this week. 

Imagine...it’s week 16, we lead the division, we’re 11-3, and we’ve already clinched a playoff spot...

See y’all next week"
"The only thing I can relate this too is when i have watched the pens the last 2-3 years. great team, almost dominate / unstoppable at times. but then come feb / march cant even seem to buy a win and its almost like youre waiting for a first round loss that you know will happen

thats 100% how i feel. not ready to give up on the steelers, ben, any of the players. but you cant just ""flip the switch"" come playoff time. this team has all the optics of one and done in the playoffs"
Pff. I haven't watched sports media in over two years and I'm a happier person for it. I actually enjoy watching the games more.  Food tastes better and the air is fresher.
"I need to do myself a favor and not read this subreddit. I’ve read every post for the past year and a half. Even through the Mason and duck era, and I haven’t seen this many people throwing the season away Jesus Christ."
So painful listening to the announcers talking about how bad the bengals injury problems are and how rough they've had it. Steelers are on their 75th string linebacker and subbing two practice squad guys all tackle. They love to hate Pittsburgh.
It's so funny being the enemy after 3 straight losses. People have nothing better to do than be fuckheads to a team that already dead. Shit is pretty sad
any time we lose I stay off espn for a few days anyway.  been like that for years.  but this year I haven't been watching a much espn anyway. they suck
""
[deleted]
"From all the highs and lows of yesterday, leave your final thoughts/analysis/discussion/takeaways from yesterday’s game.

This thread is intended for level-headed, mindful discussion and less knee-jerk reactions. Keep this in mind before commenting.

As always **DON’T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.** Follow our rules. We all have different opinions and mindsets, but we’re all here to talk Steelers and see them succeed at the end of the day. Keep it cool."
"The defense let up a horrible QB run sure, but we can’t expect them to bail us out all the time when they’re on the field for the entire game."
"Still feeling completely demoralized after last night. I expect both offense and defense to not play good football this upcoming game. Can’t help but feel the defense must be feeling defeated to some degree, hence my prediction for this upcoming game. 

My hope would only regain if I see both the O line and Ben play good football. On one of the runs where Benny got stuffed behind the LoS our line didn’t push back the D line whatsoever. They’re getting pushed around and it either comes down to poor coaching or getting older (likely a mix of both). Won’t count the Steelers out until it’s over though, so on to the Colts."
"At the end of the day, the Steelers offense had 3 turnovers in the first half that they just couldn’t overcome. The turnovers let the bengals start at our 20, 26, & 38 yard line. All 3 which led to points. Hard to win when you’re letting their offense practically start in the redzone!"
"Losing Munchak really crippled our offensive line. Watching the line more this game, I saw time and time again the pass blocking getting demolished, as well as zero push when run blocking. Most notably Villanueva. Seems like he's definitely the weakest link on the O-line. Constantly getting beat, standing up straight off the snap. Ben keeps having to worry about getting hit in the back when looking downfield because one of the most important O-line positions is the left tackle, who is supposed to protect the QB's blind side, hence the movie about Michael Oher. No doubt we should be drafting new offensive linemen next year, it's time to start bringing in young guys who can keep up with the speed and strength of today's NFL defenses."
"Ok so I've had a bit to stew on this, so here's my totally amateur, layman's analysis:

1) over the past several weeks, I was contemplating a bunch of different theories for why our offense was struggling: drops by wrs, poor play-calling, Ben's knee injury, Ben's elbow, poor offensive line play, etc. However, after last night's game, I think I finally have the answer, and it's not one I considered before even though it seems obvious.

Ben's accuracy on throws over 10 yards is terrible, and it hasn't just been recently. His mechanics are fundamentally out of wack, and have been all season. What's more, Ben and the organization knew about it going in and schemed the entire offense around it. The offense we've been seeing isn't due to a lack of imagination by Randy and Ben, it's set up this way because it's the only thing Ben can handle. We're not calling lots of deep shots because we can't. 

Now, having said all that, they still believe Ben gives us the best chance to win over Mason and Dobbs and Le Water Fowl. The Broncos carried the shambling corpse of Peyton Manning all the way to a super bowl victory, so we know the feat is possible if we can get the defense healthy.

2) this one is obvious, but I'll say it anyway. Randy isn't the sole problem with our offensive production, but he's clearly underqualified for the job. He was a fine QB coach, but some guys just aren't cut out for running an offense. He was chosen because he's Ben's buddy, and tree organization clearly has put all their eggs in the Ben basket until he decides he's done. A lot of us may hate this loyalty and feel it's detrimental, but I see why they're doing it and I'm ok with riding it out. I trust our organization.

3) our defense has a weakness against mobile quarterbacks, and this is due to the slew of injuries we've endured at the ILB position. We were able to adapt without Bush, but losing Billane and Bince were just too much at once to overcome. Couple this with losing Bud, who was such an integral part of our pass rush, and it's easy to see why our defense has started to crack lately.

HOWEVER, despite all this misfortune, our defense has still performed at an elite level. This is the one sliver of hope I have left: if we can get Billane and Bince back healthy for the playoffs, I think we can get past the wildcard round and maybe even the divisional. We haven't been blown out yet, and despite the offensive struggles we've had chances to tie or take the lead late in all three of our losses. We've been in all of these games guys. Has the offense been total cheeks? Absolutely. Could we very easily be one and done? Yup. But the fact remains that we are still a formidable opponent that cannot be taken for granted.


Look guys, i know we're reeling right now and it's painful to watch, but let's remember what expectations were before the season. We had a 38 year old QB coming off major elbow surgery, so nobody knew how our offense would look. After the dumpster fire that was last year, we have already exceeded expectations. If we're able to pull off a deep run, enjoy the ride. If we continue to unravel and get bounced early, so be it. Only one team gets to win the Super Bowl every year, so if that's not us, them's the breaks. I'm gonna continue to cheer my heart out for this team, and raise my kids to do the same."
"Well, that's definitely a new entry in my top 5 worst Steelers games I've watched.  We didn't just let a bad team hang around and steal a win from us at the end.  They beat us from bell to bell.  Not many positives I can glean from this. Moving on...

If I'm Tomlin, I seriously consider resting most of the starting team over the next two weeks.  No excuses, but Covid moves have fucked us out of our regular bye, and what should've been a long week between the Ravens & Redskins game.  Yeah, we got ""off"" weeks, but no week that they players haven't been in practice/prep for a game mode.

We already know that only the top seed is getting a first round bye, and that's completely out of reach at this point. Even if we lose out and the Browns take the division, I don't see what difference having homefield advantage in a playoff game matters this year especially.  It's not like we haven't ever been the 6th seed before and won three road games to get to the Super Bowl in the past, either.

But our guys are tired and banged up.  We keep seeing injuries pile up week after week.  We need to get them some rest, and this year in particular, we need guys on the bench ready to go.  All it takes is one ""close contact"" to lose a star player for a game.  So might as well get the guys behind them some playing time in actual game situations."
Man it really sucks seeing how great we started out and how fast we let it all slip away. I know we should be grateful that we have a playoff spot already and whatnot but man is this just depressing
"Terrible game overall, but watching Juju go from one of the most beloved players in the NFL to easily one of the most hated all for some tik tok shit is depressing. If it ain’t football it’s a distraction on game day, not the right way to conduct yourself after 2 bad losses he’s made it incredibly easy to hate us."
"I don't think there's anything left to be said at this point. We looked like pure dogshit and keep trending downward. 

Just a friendly reminder to everyone, NO ONE on this board has a right to tell anyone what constitutes being a real fan and what doesn't, and that includes criticism of the players, the coaches, and the team."
"Now that the Pat's suck, were back to the most hated team. Juju getting smoked was a celebration for the nfl sub and that's not great. There was only one, easy game, that needed the W and we completely sucked."
"I just can’t believe three weeks ago there were talks of Super Bowl or bust, possible 16-0, etc. and we are now about to lose the afc north and just lost to Ryan Finley. What the fuck happened? Ben looked fine for 11 games and it’s like he forgot how to play quarterback and lost any semblance of his physical ability as well."
"Idk what else to say other than I have been dreading this day for a long, long time. 

This dude has given us as fans so much enjoyment. This hurts man, I do not know where to go from here."
"While the defense was far from perfect, they only gave up ONE drive of 38 yards or more.  The defense was put in terrible spots time and time again.  Unless something gets figured out with the offense 11-5 seems quite likely.  Ugh."
"At some point this organization is going to have to stop bending to Ben’s will. He’s a legend and has given us the best QB play the franchise has ever seen and that will never be forgotten or unappreciated, but there’s no way you can look at the player he is now and think “He’s worth 41 mil in 2021.” His body is no longer capable of playing QB the way that is most effective in today’s NFL. Throw in the fact that because of Ben they’re continuing to employ a coordinator in Fitchner that either isn’t capable of coming up with effective game plans at all or is not capable or reaching his potential because he’s being hampered by trying to make a 38 year old statue an effective QB when the statue can’t throw the ball deep and stretch out defenses anymore. Things were fine at the start of the season when they were winning games despite the cracks showing, but it’s clear that Ben is holding this team back from realizing its potential and if the organization keeps bending to his will I truly believe it will create cracks that will last far longer than Ben’s time in the NFL. I’ll always be thankful for what Ben has done, but I was a Steelers fan before Ben arrived and I will be one after he’s gone. Rip the bandaid off now and give Tomlin a shot to pick his own guy while they still have a defense capable of winning another Super Bowl."
"Everyone is bringing up the bad, and they should, but I want to bring up a few bits of positivity:

Diontae Johnson can catch again, having him be a reliable target helps advance the ball well

Run game actually looked ok, Snell made some good moves. Gives me hope for when Conner is back that maybe they use both more often

Pass defense was looking pretty solid as well, I know Finley wasn’t exactly airing it out but Sutton, Nelson, Haden, and Minkah all made excellent plays 

I’m bringing this up because these were all points of contention during this season and they seem to have been answered. It seems this team responds to weakness well, I wouldn’t be shocked if they do again"
Season is pretty much a wrap. We are getting bounced round 1 in the wild card after browns lock up the division. That much is true. But what happens after is going to be really important. Ben needs to retire. He's decrepit and mediocre at best. If we wanted that we could get it for alot cheaper than 50 mil. Once that deed is done Randy will follow. The draft is going to be key to this teams success. Whatever the cost we need to trade up for Trask or Mac Jones. Those 2 men are the ones to bring us into the new era. Fitzpatrick and Tyrod are great options to bring in to usher in the new age. Resigning Bud Dupree is #1 on the list. He is a must sign. Let our old Vet lead the way for half a season then let the young blood take over. This is the modern NFL this is what's gotta be done.
"I can be pretty doom and gloom in general, but never in my wildest dreams did I think we'd lose last night. I thought worst case, we pull it out by a touchdown because we whip out some new plays on the offensive side. Maybe without the early blunders this happens and we're all laughing about it today, but good teams simply do not turn the ball over 3 times before their QB picks up 2 first downs. I'm sad as hell"
Benny snell looked pretty good
"My takeaway from last night was how Ben just jogged back to the sideline after the first three drives, threw on his over sized jacket, and watched the defense play like they were supposed to score for him. CBS would not stfu about how Brees wouldn't look up from his tablet between possessions against the Chiefs. That's the difference. Ben doesn't think he can do better."
"My takeaways 

1. This offensive line is just plain ass. I thought the line in 2008 was terrible but the line this year is making that line look like the 90 Cowboys. Shit is crazy. Ben had some clean pockets but more often than not he was getting pressured. I said it in another post but you can't expect a 38 year old QB coming off of elbow surgery to throw it so much. They need a run game and because the line is so bad they can't even do that effectively enough when they need to 

2. Big Ben. God damn what has happened. Even though a big chunk of the problems come from the line he has to take some of that too. He's not backing opposing defenses back. And before we blame that on his injuries he was doing that before all that happened. So while it affects him now it doesn't explain why they stopped doing it earlier

3. Playcalling. This honestly might just be an extension of Ben due to this is his offense. But its uncreative and predictable as hell. They don't build off of or change anything up. That jet sweep to Claypool is the easiest thing to defend but had they handed the ball off to Snell it would have gone for a huge gain. There is absolutely no reason even with the offensive line problems for the offense to be as predictable and uncreative as it is."
"We have to get a more creative offense, give Matt Canada play calling. Idk what, but something has to change.

We have obviously been found out, and should have lost the last 4/5 games. It’s time to reinvent the wheel and try something new. The bye week placement has also obviously killed Ben. He needs a break.

The defense with Bud’s and Bush’s injuries is still great, we have 3 pro bowlers. The offense isn’t doing them any favors with TOP. They’re not going to drag us to a Super Bowl like Peyton Manning’s Broncos.

We will learn a lot about this team in the next 2 weeks. We are playing 2 playoff caliber teams. Its a great warm up to try new things before the playoffs."
"As terrible as we have been the last 3 games, we are still going to the playoffs. If we can keep the 2 seed so we can play some games at Heinz Field, we have a legitimate shot. We can still right this ship, but it has to be now."
Is Ben injured?  He looked like peyton in his last season.  He threw the ball away and it didn't reach out of bounds.  He under threw or more threw on most deep balls.  He was struggling the entire game and just didn't look comfortable
"I hope this doesn't still sound like a knee-jerk reaction, but the decisions we made on our last offensive possession with a chance to tie the game were just dumbfounding. We were on the plus side of two minutes, plenty of time to try and orchestrate a drive, but instead it looked like a game of Madden, 3 unsuccessful shots down the field, then a bungled last gasp on 4th and ten. I'm not sure if those decisions were more on Ben or Fichner, but either way you can't expect to come from behind doing that."
"All I know is, I'm staying away from r/nfl for a while. That place sucks, and it's full of people who have no idea what they're talking about lol."
"It's fine.   We're fine.   Everything's fine.    

*dear lord everything is so not fine*"
"They practice with pads to get it “together”. Gameday: 3 TOs, absurd inaccuracies and decision making, shut out the 1st half. 


If thats what putting pads on to “hit” someone does, then please refrain from it. I said exactly 4 weeks ago that wasn’t excited for the finish if this is how the offense was going to perform. Up next 2 playoff caliber teams. We need one to get the division. I don’t know where to pull hope from after last night. Seeing the defense give their all is what makes the game enjoyable. The offense makes me want to make a sandwich or something (to keep from cursing and getting angry)."
"Ben seems done. Sometimes older QBs hit that plateau even after playing well. 

Give the Jets a 2 or 3 for Sam Darnold and let Ben sail off into the sunset. 

Resign Juju to a team friendly deal, bring back Hilton / Sutton / Dupree. 

Let Villy, JC, Williamson, etc walk."
"Our opponents are quickly learning that we are becoming a one dimensional team. Ben is likely playing through possible injury(s). He had an knee issue earlier in the season that he’s probably nursing. As mentioned in other posts, his elbow surgery could be inflaming as well. He’s just not the same QB from earlier in the season and it showed against the Bengals. Receiver drops combined with Ben’s questionable throw accuracy are very telling. Combine that with our tired run game and it does not bode well for us. Our defense can only do so much and us frequently turning over the ball keeps the defense on the field ... and that is very tiring. It’s no wonder that teams can run on us. We have a short week and I hope that Tomlin can help turn this around. I’d love to see us win out, but past performance tells me otherwise. I’m just happy to be in the playoffs and hope things will turn around for us."
"What has happened to the run D? Is it all because of injuries? Ever since ""stopping"" Derrick Henry teams have been awhile to run all over them.  On the bright side the run offense showed some life and Berry actually looks like a good punter."
At least we're not the Washington Football Team... So there's that
Ben just had a bad game everything else looked fine. We still got two weeks to bounce back. Don't worry just yet
"Two years in a row, we've been in a good/great position going down the stretch only to spit the bit and stumble."
"From the Dallas game to now it feels like this team is gonna finish 11-5 and not win the division. 

Obviously hoping we right the ship, but we need major scheme changes on offense. It's too predictable. All teams have to do is stack the box and protect the sidelines"
i give up it’s sad how the season is ending
I believe this team is tired. I believe this team is under achieving.  That being said I also feel the Coaching staff is more to blame.  That all starts with the Head Coach.  Some changes in this staff needs to be done. I also feel the Veterans of this team need to take control of this group sit them down and reboot thier mindset.
"The #1 problem with this team, they are soft. Softest Steelers team I’ve seen in my 26 years of life."
"Brought this up earlier:

I agree about the hypocrisy of it all. Wish I would’ve been apart of that MVP convo. It would’ve been a steep uphill battle to be even in a mention for MVP. Like I’ve said before and you can check my history if you want, this short passing offense won’t last long especially against teams who have a good defense or just know how we are playing. Can’t hide the facts. The Dal game was a telltale sign that, if not for our defensive plays, those quick passes and horrible run game is only gonna get so far. The key defensive playmakers is what gotten us to 11 not Big Ben and our talented offense. He got the job sure but that’s all he did.

If all your doing is a run here and there and a short pass here and there then guess what!?!? Defenses are gonna pay attention to that!!!! You think nobody was gonna figure this out? I was just surprised it lasted 11 wins.

Coaching staff see the vulnerabilities and are trying to make adjustments and I thank them for that. The line is weak and everybody knows this. It’s not entirely Bens fault but if your under throwing your players and you got your guy calling these plays and it’s clearly not working in this game you gotta be willing to change your ways and I just don’t see that happening."
"There’s no run game, so no offense. We’re not going anywhere boys without it. There’s no way around not having a run game. We’re a one dimensional team and it’s been proven without one, teams can read straight through us. Without our full defense there are plenty of holes even a third string can pull apart. We’ve dropped hard boys, hard"
"my biggest issues is that they played with no energy out of the gate. Kevin Greene, an all time steeler great just died, you have a Monday night game vs a divisional opponent, and play like absolute garbage. id liked to think new generations have some sort of connection to the past and could not have thought of a more fitting tribute to Greene then winning the AFC North in his memory.  

But no, we have 3 turnovers in the first half and go down 17-0. For all you idiots blaming the defense, I get it, but look at the root cause of them giving up points. Short fields due to turnovers, plus a stupid unsportsmanlike penalty. No rest because your offense goes 3 and out 10 drives in a row. 

offensively, I mean I liked snell running it. Its nice to see Johnson get some confidence back after some big plays. Claypool had a couple nice catches and that nice catch and run to set up Johnson TD, but I feel like not using him as much as we should. 

Juju keep dancing, but not on the logo. Be yourself but remember you still have to behave in a respectful manner. btw to all the Juju haters,  helps  done it at heinz field as well but doesn't mean its right. if the worse problem our WR corps have is someone dancing on a lego, I'd rather that than beating their wife. He is 24 and his immaturity still is evident but don't fucking demonize the kid.  Did we not all have his back during the whole AB scandal? he has to realize he is the veteran and leader of this time and start behaving like one. Maybe post the video after the game or something I don't know but that maturity is not there yet. 

Ben Ben Ben, I love you. are people actually begging for him to retire? im only 28 so I don't remember too much of the pre Ben era by my goodness us young folks are spoiled.  Tommy Maddox anyone? I still think Ben is hiding a undisclosed injury steemimg from the Dallas game. I think his knees are bothering him but he his too stubborn to sit out.  His decision making was horrendous   and that fucking pick baffled my mind. I really hope he figures his shit out before playoffs. if there is anyone can take this team to a superbowl, its him.

thats my rant


let's go steelers"
"A big deal is made about how quickly Ben gets rid of the ball this season (lowest pocket time in the NFL). I think it's got more to do with hiding his struggles throwing intermediate and deep routes than it does with covering up pass blocking weaknesses or protecting himself from taking hits.  

Ben's bottom 5 in the NFL in on-target percentage, ahead of only Drew Lock, Carson Wentz and Dwayne Haskins. He's top 3 for most passes batted at the line, and bottom 3 in air yards per completion (4.5), ahead of only Alex Smith and Haskins. That's right. His average completion travels less than 5 yards downfield. He's tied for 8th for lowest average depth of target at 6.9 yards.  

His deep pass attempts seem to have almost all been outside the numbers with hardly anything in the middle of the field.  

He's 35th in play-action pass attempts, behind Jimmy Garoppolo, who has only played in six game. In fact, 13 of the QBs ahead of him in play-action pass attempts have played in 10 or fewer games. When they do run ""play-action"" plays, they're like the ones they called against the Bengals where Ben takes a shotgun snap and quickly points the ball at the RB as he goes into his throwing motion for a pass within 5 yards of the line of scrimmage."
"This is my hot take: Contrary to all the panic over whether Roethlisberger is done and they need to draft a QB or trade for another team's bust...I think Roethlisberger just had a bad game. No need to panic about getting a QB for the future, or even the future of this season. He's not done, and can and will play better than what we saw in the first half. We already saw improvements in the second half. Last time I thought ""This is the end of Ben"" was the 2016 season, when he threw a combined 9 TDs to 10 INTs in the seven total games between the final four games of the regular season, and the three playoff games that season. I was wrong, he had an injury and came back perfectly normal the next year and every year since. I know he's four years older now than he was then, and I expect 2021 to be his final year. But the issues we saw on Monday seemed more like his occasional clunker than any sort of real warning sign for the future, and I think the people who are talking about acquiring new QBs this offseason are starting and ending their thought process with ""Ben play bad in this one game and also Ben's birthday long time ago so we need new QB,"" when obviously every situation calls for a little more nuance than that."
11-5 and a quick exit to the playoffs.   Maybe next year.
"Just as a Browns fan I want to go ahead and apologize, I’m sure there’s going to be some Browns fans who can’t control themselves from being extremely obnoxious. I can only assume what you’re feeling now is how we felt all season last year. Wish you all as much luck as a divisional opponent can."
"My first post here, be gentle. 🤞Hell, my two cents, without naming names, a good QB on a great team looks great.  An average one on a great team looks very good and will even get in to the hall of fame.  The Steelers have ALWAYS had a great team with a few holes. Last year shows that. 2 substandard QB's and still not a losing season.  That takes a great team.

Too many int's have been thrown over the last decade. Too many throws off the back foot are the main cause. (It's good high school level football). Too many turnovers hold us back. We have had the opportunity over the last 10 years to look for and get a GREAT QB.  We have had the money to do this as well. 

People will speak of the record of achievements.  Hell, it looks good, but please refer to the first paragraph. If making a comment please refer to the first paragraph before you disagree with me.  Imho the Steelers are a GREAT team, have always been a GREAT team and will ALWAYS be a GREAT team. It's time we go out and get a GREAT QB."
Sad
Bengals fan here
"I still can't believe Juju has not had a 100 yard game since AB left, nothing worse than a number 2 who now acts like a diva number 1"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
So at least we've seen enough of Marcus Allen.
Can they play offense?
Defense isn’t the problem but we’ll definitely benefit from getting Vince and Spillane back.
"I mean for being a converted safety I didn’t think he played like complete shit, he held his own I felt and wasn’t afraid to try and hit someone so I respect him for stepping up and trying to help, but yes it will be nice to have an actual lb playing😂😂"
They play QB?
"This makes it sound like there's an issue with Allen, which is a shitty take.  He's a SS who got thrown in to MLB, not really suited to his build and job to be shedding lineman and making plays on the inside snap after snap, he did better than most other safeties in the league would making that switch."
Thank god
"Finally, some good news."
hopefully vince is his old self. he seemed to have a bad case of Covid and some athletes came back a little worse understandably after dealing with it.
This post has restored some of my lost morale.
"Need to rest them for 2 more weeks so we don't get blown the fuck out in the playoffs. 1 field goal is all I'm asking, I know we are one and done. From there I'll be good to watch some Steelers Defense on the field for 48 minutes"
Nice. We have two games to get back on track before the big games start.
This will be a big help if we're going to keep going 3 and out.
"Finally an optimistic, reality based take. Good post."
"Oh if you haven’t heard the season has been canceled. This sub is so embarrassing right now.  Glad someone is looking at the positives.

Season isn’t over and y’all need to fucking chill. Yes we haven’t looked good and last night was just embarrassing but we can bounce back. We did in the second half pretty quickly. With our defense getting there two back we will work out our problems."
""
[deleted]
"Keep in mind, these rankings are done by a 14 year old, and are in no way professional, but I thought I did a pretty good job.

1. Zach Banner.  Might be the memes talking, but I really do think Banner has the best chance.  He’s a fan favorite, and it’s not like he’s gonna get top dollar or even play somewhere else.  I just don’t see him leaving.  


2. Cam Sutton.  I think it’s pretty much a guarantee that either him or Sutton stays, and I like Sutton’s chances.  He’s got versatility and more importantly, a cheaper price.

**3-6 here is pretty much a tie**

3. Juju Smith-Schuster. Now here’s the Million dollar question.  I really don’t like his chances too much, but I feel like he’s got a chance just due to how much he’s a favorite.  He makes a lot of money outside of football as well, so maybe that’ll be enough for him to stay, but I feel like it could be better for him and for the Steelers for him to go somewhere else.


4. Tyson Alualu.  Weird one here, but I think he’s got good odds.  He’s not getting any younger, so I don’t think he’s exactly gonna have a high paycheck here or somewhere else.  I guess you could make the case that they could develop Buggs, but I really think Alualu’s got good odds.


5. James Conner. Even though he’s our starting back, Conner’s no lock to stay.  Snell and McFarland have both proven to be capable backs when given the opportunity.  Conner is a favorite of Pittsburgh, but I think it might be better for the Steelers to let him go. 


6. Mike Hilton. As I mentioned earlier, one of Hilton or Sutton is almost certain to stay.  Hilton is great in coverage and against the run, but his paycheck would be higher, and he’d get some serious money somewhere else.  I just don’t think he’s got much chance over Sutton.


7. Bud Dupree.  Might seem a little high, but I do like his odds over Villanueva, Williamson, and Feiler.  His impact was shown as soon as he was gone, but I just don’t know if he would be worth the money, especially if he got more somewhere else. 


8. Alejandro Villanueva. I just don’t know what to say.  He’s a fan favorite, but he was so so so bad this year.  We have other guys who can step in, and he’d be paid more than he’s worth. 


9. Avery Williamson.  Don’t like his chances at all.  Even if they let Vince walk as a cap casualty, they have Spillane who they like over him or at least similar. 


10. Matt Feiler.  I just don’t know what argument I can make for him.  He’s not a fan favorite, he’s not that good, and Kevin Dotson can easily step into the role.  I guess you could say he could move back to right tackle and let Banner go, but I don’t think that’s gonna happen.  


I think I did pretty good, but what do y’all think?"
I really want Sutton and Hilton to stay because they’re so underrated and Sutton has improved a lot over the years. I think Sutton could become our CB1 after Joe Haden retires or leaves.
Being a fan favorite doesn’t matter rat piss when it comes to who is going to stay or go.
"Not only will very few of these guys come back, I wouldn't be surprised if Decastro or Pouncey or both are cap casualties. I don't think many people here are aware of how grim the cap situation is next year."
What in the fuck is bud doing at 5? RESIGN THAT MAN the difference in our D with and without him is monumental
"This actually isn’t bad. Prior to this past game I’d have said Juju was a lock because he was the most consistent receiver and clearly Bens guy. How the rest of this season shakes out will affect the receivers pecking order so I’m not gonna call it yet.

I’m fine with Banner coming back I guess at the vet min for depth but he ever has to play meaningful snaps for us we’re fucked. A career backup shouldn’t be starting for a contender which is what we hope to be.

Interesting that you have Sutton so high here. I like him but I haven’t been too impressed and as of right now I’m not convinced he could step in for one of the starters and keep up.

Though I do share your thoughts with Hilton. He’s kind of a gadget player and a damn good one but he’ll be expensive and if this team likes Allen and Pierre enough I think they’ll feel comfortable letting him walk. 

Personally, I think Conner, Alualu, Feiler, Villanueva and Williamson are all walkers. They like Snell and there’s rising expectation that they’ll draft another back. Alualu doesn’t play enough to justify signing him when you have Buggs and Mondeaux (I also hope Christmas gets a shot) on much less. Feiler and Villanueva have been poor and if they like Dotson and even Gray as well as their draft picks I don’t think it’s much of a loss. Williamson hasn’t met expectations and with Bob also coming up they’ll almost assuredly sign him and go with Bush/Bince/Bob/UG/Allen (Scales as well) and maybe a pick for next season.

We gave this group multiple shots and this year was likely best chance but you can only overcome so much. This still might’ve been a super bowl defense even after losing Bush but once you lose Dupree it’s just too much. It’s time to reload."
"We keep looking at the Juju question from the Steelers side, but for Juju... What's his incentive to stay? It's pretty easy to make the argument that Ben and this offense are not good for his career. DJ has completely leapfrogged him and targets and Juju gets zero deep routes. Should just move on"
"As a 14 year old I respect what you put out here. Some notes I'll add, the main one being this is extremely hard to predict given the cap could be anywhere next season.

Sutton/Hilton given their play may have outpriced what we can afford to spend. Hopefully we could keep one of them, definitely don't see a scenario where we can keep both.

JuJu is also going to command too much on the open market. Unless he takes an extremely team friendly deal he's gone as well.

Conner also will be gone given the fact he can't stay healthy, unless if he wants to sign for $1mil a year then we could keep him, otherwise he's gone.

Bud is 100% gone. He's going to get $20mil + and we just can't even come close to that

Big Als aging so I wouldn't be shocked if he retires and then we don't even have a decision to make. Without a real replacement this would need to be addressed in the draft early.

Williamson- the only note I'll add is that Spillane is also a free agent after this year, hopefully we could keep both.

Feiler is an interesting one, as a starter he isn't great but can play multiple spots and is a serviceable backup if it's cheap.

Also have Marcus Allen, Berry, Dangerfield, Dobbs, Ray Ray, and Hassenauer all pending free agents.. This offseason is going to be very very interesting. The team is going to look a lot different next year no matter what."
"Keep Hilton and Feiler.  Everyone else is overvalued.  But let's see what the open market offers look like.  I wouldn't match star money for Hilton or Feiler, either."
"Some of you are being completely embarrassing. If we turn this around and bounce back half this sub will show how hypocritical they are. Few weeks ago we were complaining about Ben not being talked about as MVP now we want him to retire. Saying we need to pay Juju and now we want him cut. Fucking embarrassing. Living and dying each week. We look like spoiled brats. 

This season is not over. Yes we hit a rough patch of games and our offense is struggling but we aren’t out of it yet. We are literally one win away from winning the division, imagine telling yourself that last year. Ben bounced back in the second half and the team actually had a run game going. We just can’t keep starting the way we do. We just need to have a big game next week. 

In 2005 we lost 3 in a row to drop to 7-5. We used that to win out and go to the Super Bowl against all odds. We are 11-3 and need a single win to lock up the division. We are far from out, yes we need to make some serious adjustments but it’s is not over yet.Have some fucking faith. 

Go Steelers."
We should create a thread for “unrealistic optimists” and another one for “doom and gloomers”
"I don't think what people are saying is false.

I think being optimistic at this time of the season is setting yourself up for let down.

Being a realist looks at the current situation for what it is.

The team is not playing well with 2 playoff caliber teams next and potentially going from a #2 division champ to #6 wildcard team.

This is reality.

Its funny to me when people want to gloss over what happened last night like it was a fluke.

Get real dude."
I don’t usually stay in game threads for long because people are so reactionary sometimes it’ll be 1/4 way through the 2nd quarter of games and people will be talking about how we’re going to lose or how someone sucks and then we’ll win and that same person will get loads of praise it’s just annoying to see
"In 2005 we had a fresh sophomore QB, a good running game, and a great defense. Well... we have one of those things at this point. And even then that defense wasn’t crippled by injuries. We don’t adapt on offense, we’re being held back by Ben’s lack of mobility, it’s just not pretty. I legit cannot see us beating any team in the playoffs, the Dolphins would come into our house and destroy us if we keep playing like this"
"Why do we need so many of these community policing posts? This is a subreddit for NFL fans, of course it's going to be polarizing and you're probably not going to agree with more than half of what people say.

We are playing like shit. This isn't 2005, or 2008, or any other year for that matter. This is 2020, and past history has no bearing on future results. Just because we won the Super Bowl as the sixth seed one time, doesn't mean this 2020 squad is going to magically turn things around and go on a tear, so please stop with that stupid rationalization because it's completely irrelevant.

>imagine telling yourself that last year.

Well, most people last year were telling themselves ""with this defense, even having a mediocre QB might mean a Super Bowl berth, imagine how good we'll be when Ben comes back."" What's your point?

It's completely acceptable for people to be critical of Ben, he can't make any throws right now that Josh Dobbs or Mason Rudolph couldn't make. That's not to say he won't get better, because Ben is a HoFer and those guys aren't. But it's also stupid to assume Ben is going to turn things around and start playing at an elite level, because he's a 38-year old QB coming off major elbow surgery hobbled by a bum knee or two, all while playing behind an offensive line which has apparently forgotten how to block.

It's completely okay to be pissed at Fichtner because this team's play calling is typically abysmal. It's also fine to be okay with Fichtner because there are WRs getting open, but it's hard to catch the ball when Ben either doesn't throw it to them, or throws it five yards ahead or behind them. It's also apparently hard for them to catch the ball in general.

It's the day after a game. This place is going to be emotional. It also happens to be the day after a bad loss to a bad team, so this place will be very negative. Check any other NFL subreddit, you'll see the same thing there. The people posting things like ""fire everybody, blow it all up, cut Ben,"" etc. aren't bad fans, they're just emotional and probably a tad idiotic.

It's okay to disagree with them. But to act like you're some kind of model fan because you're more rational than those emotional people is dumb.

Edit to add:

>we were complaining about Ben not being talked about as MVP now we want him to retire. Saying we need to pay Juju and now we want him cut.

I know it's a wild concept, but has it ever occurred to you these differing opinions are from different people? You gotta stop treating all posts here like they're from one person.

>We are literally one win away from winning the division

So are the Giants and Eagles, that doesn't mean they're somehow great teams or something."
">Few weeks ago we were complaining about Ben not being talked about as MVP now we want him to retire. Saying we need to pay Juju and now we want him cut. Fucking embarrassing.

A few weeks ago Juju was the best reciever in the NFL on third down. He had coaches, fans and pundits comparing him to Hines Ward. The change in attitude is embarrassingly steep. 

It seems after every loss someone new has to be fired or should retire or be cut. The mob is easily frenzied and the reddit upvote system takes care of the rest. 

Recency bias in sports is bad but it's made worse on platforms like this."
I have no confidence in this coaching staff to turn things around.
We really don’t need another “you guys are hypocrites abs in a real Steelers fan” post to go with the half dozen other ones that have been posted since last night.
"There is still time to figure it out. This has been a frustrating stretch, but I’m past caring about the outcome of the regular season. We just need to improve and get it together for the playoffs, even if it’s entirely on the road."
Raa Raa Raa!  Go team!
"It hurts to read the things many fans are saying. Makes me furious. Annoying as hell. No faith, probably no game sense or anything like that and talking shit as something doesn't go well. I'm 100% with you. Sure its frustrating right now but it is what it is. These are professionals they know what to do not us"
"Jesus, another one of these threads? Why do you feel the need to tell me what to think, what to say? People have the right to complain and people have the right to celebrate. It's almost as if winning makes people feel good and losing makes them feel bad. Strange, isn't it? Stop trying to police the sub, it just looks fucking bad."
I love how anyone who recognizes the problems with this team is seen as some fairweather dumbass by the people who are delusionally optimistic that the steelers will suddenly look like a brand new team every week
"""if we turn this around"" oh you poor soul. Don't do this to yourself please. Setting yourself up for pain"
The unrealistic optimists must be new to this team. This is what they have done for 10 years now.
"I'm not even mad about the losses or Ben's performance really, I'm mad that Juju is giving us a bad look. His socal media antics are making what would be average losses to other teams get glorified up as a massive deal for the Steelers. The team and us as fans have become the laughing stock of the NFL because of his immaturity.

There's really no difference between the Chiefs losing to LV and us losing CIN, except for the fact we got a social media influencer disrespecting the opponent pre game and then doing nothing on the field, so our loss looks way worse. It's a horrible look. Simply embarrassing."
"I agree about the hypocrisy of it all. Wish I would’ve been apart of that MVP convo. It would’ve been a steep uphill battle to be even in a mention for MVP. Like I’ve said before and you can check my history if you want, this short passing offense won’t last long especially against teams who have a good defense or just know how we are playing. Can’t hide the facts. The Dal game was a telltale sign that, if not for our defensive plays, those quick passes and horrible run game is only gonna get so far. The key defensive playmakers is what gotten us to 11 not Big Ben and our talented offense. He got the job sure but that’s all he did. 

If all your doing is a run here and there and a short pass here and there then guess what!?!? Defenses are gonna pay attention to that!!!! You think nobody was gonna figure this out? I was just surprised it lasted 11 wins. 

Coaching staff see the vulnerabilities and are trying to make adjustments and I thank them for that. The line is weak and everybody knows this. It’s not entirely Bens fault but if your under throwing your players and you got your guy calling these plays and it’s clearly not working in this game you gotta be willing to change your ways and I just don’t see that happening."
"Any Steelers fan would know that being a Steelers fan is an unhealthy rollercoaster ride of emotions. My energy is always up and down, but it’s one hell of a ride! Who ride!?"
">If we turn this around and bounce back half this sub will show how hypocritical they are.

how many instances of them ""turning it around"" have their been over the last 10 years?"
Exactly. When we win again everyone who’s acting like the sky is falling and how we’re not gonna win a game until next year better remember that. Way too reactionary.
"You guys sound like a bunch of Bengal fans. 

Source: I'm a Bengals fan"
I’m with you! We are literally in the playoffs no matter what happens lol! Go Steelers
"Complaining about complaining, somehow worse than the original sour grape fans...

Thanks for the lecture Dad, ill shape up right away"
How do them boots taste?
[removed]
[removed]
""
[deleted]
"dances on a logo and enjoying his life is a whole lot different then having multiple girlfriends while your baby momma takes care of your kids with no money. throwing furniture off balconies. ripping the QB that basically made you, not showing up for games or training camp. and much much more. clown post"
Sometimes i feel like getting a stroke with the nonsense you guys telling here
11-6 Club 😎
"I will say this though, for how crazy AB was he performed ALL THE TIME unlike Juju"
"Steelers: Mommy there is a monster under my bed. I can't do this.

Mom(Tomlin): Sweety, there are no monsters under your bed. You got this!

[The monster under the bed](https://i.imgur.com/shUGc3W.jpg)"
That mf wouldn’t stop smiling. He was running off the field after a 3 and out with a smile on his face.
Replace this with a picture of Big Ben. Dude has been terrifying me everytime he throws.
Every offensive snap was a hard count for fucksake.
"https://youtu.be/1ATdegRUmwQ

Is it possibly Ryan Finley is actually buddy the elf?"
His smiling and fixing his hair every other second pissed me off to such an extreme degree
[removed]
""
Juju dancing like a jagoff is the same thing as when other teams disrespected the terrible towel. ...And everyone around here agrees disrespecting the towel is wrong
The constant talk about JuJu dancing is nothing more than a convenient way to avoid having to talk about the numerous very real issues with the Steelers. Change my mind.
Why don’t people understand that it’s not actually about the dancing?
the fact that Juju is literally the only player in the league doing this is embarrassing. Save the tik tok dances for the locker room
"Seeing adults mad about him dancing on a logo is the real embarrassment here lol the man dances on the Pittsburgh logo too, the only reason this is a problem is because one team said “it lit a fire under us” and then every fan from every team that we beat this season came out of the woodworks with this bullshit, sometimes I feel like people forget football players are paid entertainers, the game or outcome may not be predictable but at the very end of it they are entertainers, the fact that Ben threw that ball to him and got him hit like that was really fucked up on Bens part, he should have hit Claypool deep instead of setting JuJu up to be hit like that, now just more fuel for these fucking “it lit a fire under us” jack offs who just don’t want to think about the loss they took to Pittsburgh. I hope he keeps dancing on them logos and that Ben can get his shit together and start playing like knows how to do, because these motherfuckers are just having a JuJu dick riding field day with it, OLine needs to get its shit together specifically A. Villa and maybe we will get Williams and Spillane back on defense, if there is anytime to get out there and bust heads it’s Sunday"
"Again, the 1st 10 games no one cared. Last 4 games everyone is critiquing it. You guys have to stop it."
I think it’s all fun. It’s fun to pretend dancing on some painted grass or stepping on a yellow piece of terry cloth have some sort of supernatural power.
[removed]
Tomlin should have stopped this unsportmanlike behavior immediately. There is no discipline on this team and no accountability.
Well it’s more of the towel being a curse as opposed to it being wrong but ok
True words
"Idk how everyone else looks at it, but how people are reacting to Juju dancing is explicitly NOT how I react to people disrespecting the towel. I laugh at people who disrespect the towel because the curse always seems to get even. The towel is just a towel. If every team week after week disrespected the towel, the ""curse"" would lose its effect. But as it is, it always seems that when people decide to disrespect the towel, bad things happen to them. And not always by the Steelers, so it's not like it's ""bulletin board"" material half the time the curse takes root.

Juju dancing is juju dancing. If people actually think that it affects the outcome of the game then that's on them. But that's ok, tomlin is gonna tell him to stop now and either we win and everyone will be like ""SEE ITS CUZ JUJU"" like idiots or we'll lose and it'll be because of all the actual reasons we've lost these last 3 weeks."
Oh my god who fuckin' cares about any of that?
"The difference is that Juju has danced on his own logo too. It's not meant to be disrespectful, it's just for his brand"
It’s a towel.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
I’m going to reserve my optimism until they win another game.
Stop it. Get help.
Nothing wrong with optimism. My personal optimism is low but that doesn’t mean I don’t want us to win our next game and a super bowl 🤷🏿‍♂️
Love the optimism. Hopefully they will play lights out. Too many things needs to happen too quickly and they’re all in our control
"Run game looked good, receivers finally could catch, defense looked amazing as usual. Big Ben just had a terrible and I mean terrible game. We're fine we got this"
Optimistically we score more than 3 points in the playoffs so we don't get meme'd about for getting shutout. That's about as good as I see this season going for us though. 11-6 baby
"I’m with you. Don’t allow anyone, especially a stranger to quell your optimism. It’s ok to be optimistic. You’re not harming anyone by being optimistic. Do I objectively think the Steelers will win the Super Bowl in February? No, I don’t. But that doesn’t stop me from hoping they will win it all and enjoying the remainder of the season."
"Nah people wanna jump ship and trade for Sam Darnold, 6 TD 9INT.. Sam Darnold who hasn’t shown anything great since he got drafted, Because Ben who has 30td and 10int has had a couple bad games...."
"I’m all for optimism and that is the reason we watch. But the defense has too many injuries, we had a safety moved to linebacker last night. And the o-Line is not a strength any more. They can’t hold their blocks and Ben has to throw it quick before routes get set up.  The opposing defense has almost all 11 in the box at the snap and we aren’t making them play off. Too many issues and injuries. My hope is to rest some players and plan for a playoff game as best as possible."
Not play down to opponents in the playoffs? Which team are you talking about again? Bill cowher isn’t the coach of this one.. tomlin has 3 playoff wins in 10 years and always plays down to the completion
"Everyone ""believes"" in the Steelers. However the standard is winning the Lombardi trophy. Anything else is a failure. The standard is the standard. It's pretty simple. Go to Cleveland and 20 other shitty organizations and a winning season or making the playoffs is the goal. Here, SB win or we failed."
"""The Steelers do not play down to opponents in the playoffs""

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FueeYXD8yFY&ab\_channel=NFL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FueeYXD8yFY&ab_channel=NFL)  

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idx5wsH6Fys&ab\_channel=NFL](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idx5wsH6Fys&ab_channel=NFL)"
[deleted]
"49ers had week 4 bye last year and went to the SB.

While I agree we’ve gotten dicked around, I think we all knew coming into the season it wasn’t going to be perfect due to covid. It’s just unfortunate that our team seems to have gotten the short end of the stick on scheduling"
Not gonna address the last part but I will say the bye week and moving the games around play a part. The longer the season progresses the more fatigued our players end up getting. Not to mention the injuries in on our defense. I believe all of those are contributing factors because it’s not like I wasn’t aware that our defense were the reason we won 11 games. Now the key play makers on defense are gone and you have to rely on the offense to do their thing. They’ve not changed in their playmaking; it’s the same it always been. Our defense is what carried us
They could have gone the nba route and rested guys at different points of the season and not danced on peoples logos inspiring them to play out of this world
[removed]
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
""
""
Ya love to hear it after losing 3 straight including the worst loss in Tomlin’s tenure...
[deleted]
[deleted]
"/u/Decarlooo, I have found an error in your post:

 > “retire, we could~~of~~ [**'ve**] had a Steelers”

I deem this comment by Decarlooo unsuitable; it should be “retire, we could~~of~~ [**'ve**] had a Steelers” instead. ‘Of’ is not a verb like ‘have’ is.

 ^(This is an automated bot. I do not intend to shame your mistakes. If you think the errors which I found are incorrect, please contact me through DMs or contact my owner EliteDaMyth!)"
"Interesting point about Bill Cowher. If he had been in charge for 15 years he DEFINITELY would have won more than one Super Bowl.

Wait a minute...."
"Sean Peyton is also 8-7, with one fewer super bowl appearance. Pete Carroll is 11-9. John Harbaugh is 10-7 with one fewer super bowl appearance. Andy Reid is 15-14."
How do you feel about Sean Payton? Should Andy Reid have been run out of the league after Philly?
"You knock Tomlin for having a bad season in 2009 with a super bowl winning team, but fail to mention Cowher’s 2006 team being terrible following a super bowl."
">  I could give a rats ass about our regular season record under him. 

Well, you see, the thing is...

# You have to do well in the regular season to even make it to the postseason."
"If you told this fan base we’d win 11 games this season, every single one of you would have been happy with that."
"Aside from Bellichick, who's been a more consistent coach year in and year out?"
I guess the 85 other Tomlin threads weren't enough for you
"Ah. Gotta love the annual “Fire Tomlin!” Parade. It was a little delayed this year, but yinzers never fail to disappoint!"
"Much like the team as a whole, Tomlin's season has been pretty good, but not championship-caliber. He deserves credit for getting the team to overachieve. This never should've been an 11-0 team in the first place. They should've been 8-3 at best. He helped them win games they shouldn't have, and then gets criticized when they come back down to earth. 

That said, the past few weeks haven't been good. He has to take ownership of the lack of imagination on offense and the stubborn refusal to make adjustments to the game plan. But at this point, injuries and age have taken their toll so much that I can't hold it against Tomlin if they go one and done in the playoffs."
"Okay, honestly.  It's ownerships call, so this discussion is yet another in a long line of worthless posts on this subject."
[removed]
[removed]
"And even with all of that, the Browns are still ahead of ya'll in the division. 

L"
">we need you to win

Let me stop you right there"
So you're dependent on us right now? Oh how the turn tables
Lol someone gunna tell him?
""
[removed]
[deleted]
kid needs to stop with all the tick talk
"Man, you know steelers fans are distressed when we are debating his play on an obvious shitpost"
"PSA: If you were bitten by a small tick and are concerned about the possibility of having lyme disease, you may not need to go to the doctors to protect yourself.

I was recently bit by a small tick and called the doctors. They called in a prescription for a single-pill antibiotic that will prevent lyme disease. It was a only small chance that I'd actually get the disease, but better safe than sorry and it barely took any time out of my day."
For those that don’t understand Lyme disease is caused by ticks
this sub is always bad but my god it sucks today
The mods have left the building
"Hahahah, I'm still depressed."
Lol
Hiyo!
Thank you for this
Lmao
God damn you
Nice
I’m a big fan of this line. This is a quality post.
I had to think about this for a solid 3 minutes. I hate you.
A little levity is needed at this time. So thank you.
lol JuJu triggers yinzers worse than anything I have seen since the early days of AB's psychosis
Yo I've had Lyme Disease and I assure you that shit is no joke
Honestly he’s hasn’t done anything impressive all year. He’s made 95 tiktoks and hasn’t even had a 100 yard game this year. He’s practically a cheerleader nowadays
When his pregame routine is more watchable than his play it may be time to squash that shit
Jesus Christ what?
Why do you care. Get a life
He caught the crazy from AB.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I wrote an article about whether or not we should still consider the steelers super bowl contenders. Check it out and I would love. to see your guys's feedback! 

[https://hubpages.com/sports/Should-The-Steelers-Still-Be-Considered-Super-Bowl-Contenders](https://hubpages.com/sports/Should-The-Steelers-Still-Be-Considered-Super-Bowl-Contenders)"
"Not with the way they are playing now, but they can become contenders again if the offense and the run game become more consistent."
When we were 11-0 I still would’ve said probably not. Our team is no where near as stacked as some of the other teams and we’re bound to do bad in the playoffs.
"Could've saved yourself a lot of time by just writing ""No way in hell"""
"No way in hell. Only team the Steelers can beat in the playoffs is Miami, and that's a big maybe."
I’ve seen teams that the so-called experts didn’t give them a chance. Funny thing is they played the game rather than just give it to the favorite team. The Colts were thought to be one of the greatest teams ever but Namath and the Jets won. It’s the playoffs and anything can happen and I’ll be yelling my crazy head off like have every year the Steelers are in the playoffs. Play the game. STEELER STRONG!
Talent-wise yes. We are struggling right now but such is the NFL. Hopefully we can right the ship and surge into the playoffs
Four weeks ago I would have said yes. Right now I'm wishing they were winless and in the Trevor sweepstakes.
"Not at all unless they can somehow show that this was planned, that they're playing possum to make teams underestimate them and also conserve what healthy guys they have before the playoffs.  Since that's an insane strategy, I'd say that they are absolutely not contenders and should also be out of the top 10 in all power rankings."
No
Not even close. The team hasn't played a good game in about 2 months. Any playoff team would roll the Steelers.
Imagine even thinking we will be divisional round contenders
Hell no
If we played the whole season the way we did the past 3 weeks we'd been Trevor Lawrence contenders.
Lmao
No
"I mean... If the offense gets their shit together, we're fine. We already clinched playoffs, so we'll just have to sit back and watch"
"They are capable of being super bowl contenders, the talent is there we saw it throughout the first 10 weeks. The way they played last night and the last few weeks though, that ain't it."
"Not with our offense playing the way it has the past few weeks.  Defensively speaking, this team can contend with any team in the league, but we're asking way too much from them especially with all the injuries they've sustained this season particularly at the linebacker position.  Cincinnati doesn't get a 17-0 lead if our offense doesn't turn the ball over in our own territory.

There was absolutely nothing that I saw out of this offense last night to persuade me that this team can still make a run.  The o-line gets dominated every play.  Ben's arm has deteriorated as the season has gone on and he misses wide open receivers on a consistent basis.  Our receivers continue to give opposing teams bulletin board material all for Tik Tok clout.  We can't run the ball, which forces Ben to make 40 to 50 passes per game.  

Did I leave anything out?"
No.
Nah
They were in a similar spot in 2005. Lost 3 in a row to go to 7-5. Had to win out just to get the final seed. Never lost a game again the rest of season. Anything is possible. Similarly that year the offense was carried by the defense until the playoffs started. Bens come full circle in his career.
Seriously?
"Not right now they aren’t, if they can fix this offense and stop the inside run then I think they can be once again, but given the state of injuries on defense and the coordinator on offense I’m not sure they can."
If they can win a playoff game then the jets will go 19-0 in 2021.
Absolutely not. Just end the season
[deleted]
Look at how they massacred my boy...
[deleted]
"I like what Snell offers in that he likes to finish runs. I hope McFarland gets a spin as well as he has some speed which we are lacking with the other backs.

We need a back who can create. Bell had a great line that he could sit behind and then punch it upfield. That line is gone. Snell hopefully becomes the hammer and McFarland has the speed, but a shifty runner would be the ideal to fit in with those guys.

Maybe a real off season for McFarlane will help. I don't watch college ball so I don't know what is out there that is able to create when the line fails. Is Barry Sanders available?"
"To me, based on my eyes and not on stats at all, Snell and Conner seem interchangeable, really. Both have good runs and both suffer from the Steelers not commiting to the run enough. I think it would be a mistake to keep Conner when Snell is the same player for cheaper."
Snell missed a wide open cut back on 3rd and one in the redzone last night. Snell was solid but to be a nfl starter in the league you can't be missing wide open lanes.
Should be a backup
Conner and Snell are both inconsistent but this might be because of the offensive line. That being said Benny Snell did better when our line was at it’s worst this year and didn’t do as well when we had more starters. I think he did good because we were playing the Bengals. Snell just needs to improve over the offseason and then we’ll have a good RB.
"Let's see what he does against a competent team like Indianapolis or Cleveland.  He ran well against a two win team, that's not saying much."
"Conner is as good as gone please believe that. We don’t pay our RBs generally, they’re disposable assets as unfair as it may be to the RB"
His vision is very lacking.
"After last night, I think he should be the starter next week."
I like Benny Snell like Larry Holmes likes eggs.
"Me2, I'm also a KY fan so im a little bias.  Benny should be given a chance to be the #1 guy for us, he has lost weight from last year and has had two solid games this year when Connor has been out.  Use McFarland on 3rd down, ship Connor and give Benny a shot."
"I like Benny, dude runs hard and isn't afraid to hit somebody. Earlier in the season he did have problems holding onto the ball, however."
"He’s ok. I don’t think he’s a starter, doesn’t use his size well enough and was a fumble machine earlier this year"
He's the best rb on the team and has been since the moment he was drafted. If they waste time with conner again I'm going to be pissed. There is not a much more unreliable RB in terms of health *and* production than James Conner.
"I think Snell’s run style is definitely better - more physical whereas Conner just tip toes and falls down. But he does lack vision and had fumbling issues. 

Buuutttt - it doesn’t matter who the running back is if the offensive line is full of turnstiles which they are. Offensive line is simply atrocious and needs a complete (and I mean complete) overhaul. 

Then you worry about who’s running the football"
"Snell's 2nd decent game this season. No thanks, hes worse than Connor"
"Part of building a good team is building a strong offensive line, and having 2-3 reasonably average, young (healthy), cheap (rookie contract) running backs. Having a couple different styles is nice to be able to change the pace also helps. 

I like all the running backs on the team (including Samuels and McFarland). I really like Conner and root for him, but it doesn't make sense to pay running backs when they can spend a 3rd-4th round pick next year, bump everyone else up 1 on the depth chart, and have similar production."
He’s too slow. He and Conner are the same. I like Macfarland a lot. He’s got speed and that’s what running backs need in the league today.
"As they say, the best ability is availability, and we don’t get that out of Conner.  Great story but won’t be offered another contract.  Will probably sign with someone after their first option gets hurt in camp"
"Benny Snell gives me Redman vibes and that's not a good thing IMO. With that being said his skillset and this run scheme don't fit at all. You put him in a scheme like the Titans and I bet he looks a hell of a lot better than he'd look here

A fellow Steelers fan said this and it might have been said on this sub as well. But this team got 5 RBs on the roster to replace 1 guy in Bell. And that's a damn shame 😒"
Much more upside than Conner. Conner is not durable enough to be a reliable starting back. He needs to get on with his life's work.
""
""
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"Dont Quit

...

Success is failure turned inside out;

The silver tint of the clouds of doubt;

And you never can tell how close you are,

It may be near when it seems afar;

So stick to the fight when you're hardest hit;

It's when things seem worst that you mustn't quit."
""
""
""
"Mods, if this is not allowed, please just remove this post.

I am a recent college graduate working on a project that uses data to show the contrast in the Steelers' season. I haven't been able to watch many games, so I would love a fans insight as to what has happened since week 13. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
I would suggest watching Arthur Moats on youtube.  He has great insight and analysis.  Much better than pretty much anyone here.
We went pp mode that's what happened
We big suck
[deleted]
"""...and things of that nature...""

""I'm not seeking comfort..."""
[deleted]
"If that happened it would be the most dramatic change in any team history.  Its gonna be painful over the next few yrs as the older vets gets weened off by new, faster, more althetic, stronger, bigger, meaner players.

That being said my money is randy is next to be replaced, pouncy and Ben retire, Al, conner and juju are  all gone depending on how badly these next few games go. They offer juju some money but he'll probably get more from the jets. Conner is injury prone. Al is done. Pouncy is done. Ben is done. Randy never had it.

Its highly likely this team gets bounced in the 1st round. They are terrible and not much time to turn it around.

You just don't stop being you with 2 games left and a wildcard."
Everyone knows we are one and done in the playoffs. Don't have to clean house just have to remove the man of the house. Ben's gotta go. He's decrepit and mediocre. I really hope he retires. It'll give us a chance next year to try and do something. If he doesn't FO has to cut him
[deleted]
Did you say Mike Tomlin should go? Lmao he has 31 job offers as soon as the Steelers cut him loose. Nice try. The Steelers are 11-3! This is the NFL! Lmao the Jets just beat the Rams as 17 point dogs. I’m sorry but did I miss the /s here? This is clown shoes.
"You fuckin kids are spoiled by today's generation of football. You've only grown up on Brady and the Pats winning 6 Super Bowls in 9 appearances, with 17 or so Division titles, and think this is how it should be normally.

&#x200B;

You're a fuckin casual and every time you post bullshit like this, you only make it that much more obvious."
"lol, really?  


You're suggesting the nuclear option? I don't want to be the Browns for 20 years."
"Using your own logic, I should tell your boss to fire you for being a diva by making dumb reddit posts."
Who do we hire instead of Tomlin though? Honest question.
"tomlin aint leaving, he expects adults to act like adults. he signed up to be a head coach not a baby sitter

&#x200B;

how is clay pool juju's prodigy, your just making baseless claims."
Jesus Christ you people are insane.
"Man you hit the nail on the head with this post.  Aside from how bad Ben's been playing, the culture that Tomlin's employed has been nothing short of an absolute detriment to this team when the going get's tough.  The kickball mentality where it's obvious he's being outprepared time and time again in big games and in the playoffs is kind of expected at this point.  But here I am ""a hater"" as a lot of idiots on this sub would propose -  it's just that we shouldn't be afraid to look in the mirror and identify the real problems that have plagued this team for years.  3 playoff wins in the past 10 years for Coach T isn't good enough."
[removed]
""
"Not excusing our performance, but the Titans lost to them too and somehow that’s forgotten"
"Every time we won a game, I would hardly see any highlight plays or stats on the Steelers. But as soon as we start losing, it's nonstop shitting on them. NFL subreddit hates the Steelers confirmed."
It pisses me off that I haven't seen a single post about the Rams. I'm almost as pissed about that as I am that we lost. We deserve every bit of slander because Ben is fucking awful though
I've already unfollowed and unsubscribed from everything football. Everyone either hates us for being 11-0 or makes fun of us for losing 3 in a row. Everyone is out to get us and it's not fun to be apart of.
I need a garbage  can to kick. That was fucking embarrassing!
"😂😂😭😭

I’m a Cincinnati-born Steelers fan. My friends and co-workers know this. They’ve given me so much crap since last night."
"That sub hates the Steelers. Although, to be fair, it was embarrassing that we lost to that team. I know divisional games are always “tough”. However, it’s still the Bengals."
At least it wasn't the jets...right guys? Heh... right? (pls laugh)
"The rams lost to a team with 0 wins, have more losses than us and get memed on less. Bit frustrating"
"The pre game Steelers interview made me sad, because I think that was taped before we lost 3 linebackers"
Lol this crybaby pile is hilarious to read.
Who Dey
r/nflmemes for people looking
Lmfaoooo. Remember when the steelers were playing the ravens and the entire planet seemed to take the steelers side and the steelers seemed like the darling of the nfl because the nfl screwed them? Seems so long ago now
Too True
The shame is hard earned
Honestly 🤣🙄
"I mean, we tied to the bengals, so at least the Pennsylvania teams both didn’t do well"
"whenever juju does the dances, we lose"
Don’t forget the rams lost to the jets
"In fairness, they kinda deserve it this week"
I guess we are the heel now.
At least the Rams (and Jets) were there to fuck up worse.
Lol the Ratshit sub has a STEELERS SUCK upvote thread and I'm just sitting here laughing my ass off because we swept those dirty putzes.
HONESTLY
[deleted]
🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
"I look at this game the same way I do my yearly prostate exam. It's going to be unpleasant, I'm not going to enjoy it. Hell, I'll probably even cry a little; but it's a necessary part of life.

Tl;dr- Steelers December football is like getting fisted by a slightly overweight middle eastern doctor with a name I can't pronounce.

Go Steelers! I'll get the lube."
We need this win. Badly.
Let's go. Get the win boys
After last week this is officially the first time all year I’m not excited for game day... not even gonna be able to watch the game but through thick and thin I still believe in our boys! Let’s go out there and show that we’re still in this thing! Let’s go Stillers!!!!!
"This is our first Sunday afternoon game in over a month
Ridiculous"
Philip Rivers is 39 and still doesn’t have any gray hair. Let’s give him some gray today.
Look at these morose mother fuckers right here.  Go Steelers!
"The cold streaks ends today....

December Ben... ACTIVATED
Matt Wright... ACTIVATED
TJ Watt... SWATT ACTIVATED
The standard... IS THE STANDARD

And other things of that nature.

W"
LETS GOOOOOO what a sad wake up thread but the real ones here still
Let’s goooo fuck the ravens fuck the browns
goddamn these posts get more pathetic each week we can't even get a motherfucking pixelated picture of Tegray Scales in a practice jersey now smdh
"Watt will feast.  I believe.

Here we go."
"Steelers win by 11.

Ravens lose by 4."
"Lets not kid ourselves, there will be no rocking today :("
Let's show the rest of the NFL that were just sleeping the last 3 weeks.
GAMEDAY BOYS AND GIRLS LETS WIN.
"4 in a row? Or 12-3? 

You decide!"
LETS GOOOOOOO
"If the D scores 7 and sets up the O with a short field once, I think we win this. It'll be one of those bowel loosening Steeler games though."
Let’s show the asshole Irsay whose never worked a day in his life what real pain is!  Go black and gold
"If we get the W today, the defense will have to play a monster game."
Let’s fucking go!! I’m praying offense actually does something this game. I got a good feeling about it
GET HYPE BOYS. KINGS OF THE NORTH TODAY
Can TJ do TJ things today please? Add a dash of minkah magic and I think we get this one boys
Lets gooooooooooooooo
*Really* need this win guys.
"Well if the browns lose we win the north guaranteed, so Fuck the browns!"
[https://www.fullstacksports.com/post/best-bets-for-week-16-nfl-games](https://www.fullstacksports.com/post/best-bets-for-week-16-nfl-games)
Are you guys ready for another 3 and out?
These high effort posts get me every game day
"Another L.  Team won't win again all year.  Sorry, but it's probably the truth."
Time for the weekly beating! Yippee!
Should I be betting on the Steelers to win for $100? I wanna believe
Rivers to Minkah is going to be the best connection of the day
"If the Steelers come out and win today, I won’t be so worried. If we get our ass kicked then we are totally screwed ."
Not much time left to unleash Hell in December !
Anyone have a way to stream the game? Looks like all I see on CBS is Brown's. I have Youtube TV and it still doesn't show
I hope for the best. Let’s go boys
LFG!  Big game today.  I have a feeling this week we will turn it around.  At least I hope we do 📈
"Well, it's official. Fan morale is finally low enough that everyone has given up on them. You realize that that means the Steelers are going to win 38 to 17. You heard it here first."
I think I’m overdue my yearly heart attack
 whywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhywhy
This is hard to watch.
1 and done in the playoffs thanks to shitty coaching and Ben's old arm. It's going to get dark in here for a while as we begin our QB search.
I need to purchase a Berry jersey after this half.
Im going back to bed
"Can I just say something? Not a Steelers fan. How come your sub is like the only football team that doesn’t allow memes? Not to start anything, but this is the most boring football sub of all time. It’s just threads of the most boring things to talk about. Where’s the fun? Where are the posts? Where’s the food?"
I’m going to take a nap.
4 straight Ls let’s go lmao
Will you fucking douche bags stop posting this. wAkE uP mOtHeRfUcKeRs iTs gAMe dAy. rEaDy tO wATcH aBuNcH oF sCrUbS
finally a win
"Let's fucking go, boys! I had weird feelings of doubt and uncertainty about the last three games, but this week, with zero doubts, clear eyes, open heart, we're going to WIN THIS GAME.

It may not be pretty, it may not be jaw dropping, but WE ARE GOING TO WIN THIS GAME. 

**LET'S TAKE IT TO'EM!**"
"ARE THE COLTS READY FOR THIS DEFENSE?! LETS GO MOTHERFUCKERS, ITS REDEMPTION DAY!!! FUCK THE BUNGLES AND RATBIRDS"
"I’ve been telling everyone all year how overrated this team is. When they were 11-0 and some people were walking around saying they’re gonna beat the chiefs in the playoffs I said they were crazy.

While I still think they were overrated at the time, I think the panic has gone a little too far and they right the ship this week. They know how important this game is, they’re at home, and the colts are down BOTH their LT and RT. Philip rivers is a statue and the defensive line is going to feast. I’m calling for a big Steelers win here"
[deleted]
If if someone’s putting 50 on our head we must have lost our entire d and if Ben’s putting 50 up he must’ve hit the time machine and gone back like 10 years😭😭
I had a dream we were up on the colts today 17-0 five and a half minutes into the first quarter. Glad to see our dreams still have hope at least 🤣
Mustve had a lot of pick 6s to score 50 lol
"I had a dream last night I caught the first pass of the game against the ravens, outran the defender on me, got a block near the sideline and ran for a 70 yard touchdown to make it 7-0

Went to go give the ball to my parents but my dad had went to the bathroom and my mom wasn't paying attention so they didn't see it."
Damn bro you dreamt the best Super Bowl ever
....were* lol wtf
We was? Seriously?
"I would love it if that happend, i will remeber this and if this happens i will be back lol"
Ahahahahaha! Sure.. And it’s “we were in the Super Bowl.” Everyone on here has those dreams..
"I had a dream where covid made your schwantz grow, stress made your hair darker, beer made you lean and muscular, and millennials were competent to tie their own shoes.

But starting a thread about it seemed pointless."
"http://espn.go.com/nfl/playoffs/machine/_/results/401220145~2~401220152~1~401220174~2~401220182~1~401220130~2~401220296~2~401220362~2~401220243~2~401220273~1~401220234~1~401220223~1~401220199~2~401220114~2~401220132~1~401220154~2~401220164~2~401220180~2~401220187~1~401220220~1~401220250~2~401220354~2~401220344~1~401220211~2~401220328~1~401220315~2~401220284~2~401220275~2~401220260~1

Basically we lose to the colts but win week 17, colts, Tennessee(they don’t have to beat GB), Miami and Baltimore all win out and of course browns split last two games."
I’d rather knock out the ravens
I just want to take the division today. I cannot stand to see them win the division
"There’s a chance Cleveland could lose today. All of their wide receivers are out, and Gase already messed up their tank last week against a better Rams team"
"Basically, get into the playoffs, and then beat them if we play each other."
I’d much rather keep the Ravens out
Crazy how week 17 for the browns could be the difference between a 3 seed and missing all together. Hopefully we’re saving that game to finally show up again.
[deleted]
No. We in regardless and losing helps keep you out? Get fucked!
"No, get out."
us? Winning a game? bruh.
"Be a franchise that takes care of its own business for a change.

Whole fanbase that only exists because it accepted sloppy seconds from Cleveland.  And now goes groveling to the division's alpha male for a favor.  Sad."
"SMH, sad, sad , sad  I will never root for the Ravens, but I will root against the other team, but never for you."
This dude is going to get his asshole excavated on /r/ravens lol.
"Man remember when all you purple fucks made fun of us for rooting for the Browns to beat you in 2018 for us to get in? 

Get fucked."
"Should we let Ben go in order to free up enough cash to resign Bud Dupree?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kl3e8f)"
It’s a silly question anyway with Ben’s cap hit. He is going nowhere.
"""Letting Ben go"" would not get them enough money under even a $195M cap to re-sign Bud, let alone fill out the other 20 spots on the roster."
"Should I stop drinking so I can travel through time?

Should I take a trillion dollars or the ability to communicate with insects?

Should I stop wearing a mask in public so Red Lobster will start serving pizza?"
I actually have liked what we've seen from Highsmith enough to potentially let Bud walk. With his injury though perhaps his market value is considerably lower than before idk.
"Replace Ben with who exactly? Ben at 60% is bettee than Rudolph at 100%. Plus his cap hit, he's guaranteed that money if I remember correctly."
"You been drinking? Keeping both should be priority, cut bait elsewhere"
This is stupid
Neither?
"Time for Ben to hang it up. He isn't good enough to play the style he is trying to play. He was great when he was improvising and extending plays, but now he is scared of contact. He is trying to play like Tom Brady, but he doesn't have the skill set or work ethic. I am honestly disgusted that he continues to skip practice after all the struggles the offense has had the past 6 weeks. Bring back Bud."
How is that even  a question at this point? Bud is really good and Ben is mediocre at best.
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
""
Saints were fined 500k and lost a draft pick for dancing in the locker room btw.
""
"On the one hand, that is encouraging (if true). It's pretty easy to see Roethlisberger's performance decline after taking that shot to the knees in the Cowboys game. His adjusted yards per attempt cratered after one game after that (he had a decent game against the Bengals but that was buoyed by some long catch-and-runs). So if he really is beginning to get his legs back underneath him that's a great sign.

The ""miles per hour"" on his arm though you can pretty much throw out - you can only really measure miles per hour coming out of the hand and that's not where you see loss in actual arm strength on throws.

It's a Sunday and they haven't played yet so I'm in a pretty optimistic move, so this gives me some excitement. Get a win today, and give him a nice rest before the playoffs with the division wrapped up."
[deleted]
""
"Today what I want to see is Ben close to an extreme.  I want to see him either light it up (much preferred) or have another terrible game like last week.  This sub likes to argue with half saying Ben sucks and half saying Ben’s still great.  I think what is really killing us is that he (and the team) is so in between, he’ll turn in ok performances or balance the bad with the good game to game and it makes it so difficult to have confidence in how to proceed.  That’s what is so frustrating for everyone, it’s not that he is playing well or poorly it’s that he’s so inconsistent and it makes it hard to see what the issue really is.  It’s been the story with the Steelers for recent history.  Everyone can get behind a small rebuild or that the team is hot and ready to compete but this in between purgatory is really what keeps everyone so frustrated.  We all see the talent is there but things are so unpredictable.

On a side note I have another theory that coaching is one part player development one part in game play calling etc.  Steelers are excellent at player development and poor with in game coaching and that’s why they are in this purgatory, they call poor games and their in game adjustments are hit or miss but the sheer talent of their players (which exists bc the Steelers draft and develop as good as anyone) makes up for it.  I’m thankful to have what we have as the perfect coaching staff doesn’t exist, but I do feel that covers our issues well in my opinion."
I agree with this. Do you have a brochure or something I can read?
lets fucking go!
"Well, he did both in one game"
I'd like the Steelers to stop running a telegraphed run play every time they use a fucking jet sweep motion. It's so obvious as soon as the bunch comes out and sweep begins the entire defense plays up.
I hope it's the former.
Well chief I do believe you’re getting your wish. I’d like to see the argument that Ben looks like anything other than hot garbage today.
"I am not sure I agree with this. I think Ben HAS been bad for the last month or so (likely related to the knee injury(s) being reported.) The problem is twofold: one, bad Ben is still better than the alternatives, and two, there's always the hope that good Ben shows up, which is VASTLY better than the alternatives. Be nice to give him (and our exhausted D)  some help by running the ball and catching passes with more consistency. LFG.

Edit: I think your analysis of player development/game calling is spot on."
"The 11-0 start was nice but injuries have taken the defense from elite to very good.  The offense has not done them any favors the last few weeks.  I really thought the Bengals game would be the start of the offense turning the corner, a stepping stone to better play for the playoffs.  

It seems like we owe Mason an apology since the playbook is comprised of nothing but two yard passes.  I wonder if we were going to see this same offense last year even if Ben didn’t get hurt or was this offense constructed in this manner in case Ben did get hurt again this season?  The short passing game just provided the added bonus of protecting Ben from taking a beating over the course of the season.

I really hope we see the running game get back on track today and Ben is able to stretch the field.  If Ben doesn’t start to push the ball down the field then I think that is a sign there are bigger problems with the O-line and/or Ben’s arm or maybe even his knee(s) as reported but denied."
"The gameplan last week was better - they actually attempted to push the ball down the field and even took a couple of shots down the seam (even though he missed a few more opportunities to take more shots to the middle). Not surprising that this also opened up some more running lanes.

The problem was/is a) Roethlisberger's execution was dog shit, and b) the Colts defense is WAY better than the Bengals. I'm praying that the reports of his arthritic knees (and their recent improvement) is true because then I think you've got a shot if they combine the Week 15 gameplan with better execution, but I'm going to need to see it before I believe it."
Reported just now that Ben a few weeks ago suffered a hyperextended knee against WFT. Hate to go down that road but we've got to get Ben off the field because no way he plays well if he can't plant that foot. I think today we see the same as the past couple weeks.
"I watched Alex Kozora's analysis of why Ben was terrible against the Bengals.  I realized something.  He's been known this year for getting the ball out of his hands quickly, which is good, theoretically.  But I'm seeing him not letting the play develop.  On that play where Claypool gets open last week, if he had waited an extra 1/2 second to let the play develop, he would have seen Claypool streaking open.  

Not sure if it's an offensive strategy, or Ben just doesn't want to get hit.  (not good if the latter) But the OLine has to protect a little longer and Ben's got to hang in there a second longer, as well.

Opposing defenses are cheating up because they know Ben is not going to hit anyone medium or deep most of the time."
"Short answer - no. There is nothing threatening about the offense at the moment. For whatever reason, Ben is channeling Alex Smith and teams do not fear that Roethlisberger has the patience, mechanics, or arm strength to stretch the field. Uneven offensive line play, receiver drops, and no running game make for a putrid outcome.

But sure, maybe this week the same plan and few effective in game adjustments might see positive results"
Seeing a report now that Ben hyperextended his knee in week 13. Doesn’t seem like a problem that’s likely to go away with better play calling or a good pep talk
"I'm hopeful, but not confident.  Last week was the perfect opportunity to get back on track and the offense just imploded.  This week and next week will be a much tougher test and I don't think they're up to it."
Nope the Offense is league worst!
I hope
if they cannot run the ball nothing matters. ben is no longer good enough to carry the entire team anymore. they need to be balanced or they should really give up the playoff spot to a team with a chance. if they play their game they are unstoppable but this team is almost never at that level. poor effort and coaching
Haha no.
the answer is apparently no
"Ravens fan here. If y'all could snap that losing streak of yours, that'd be great. K thanks bye."
WELP
"Colts 28. Steelers 20

IND. 0. 14. 7. 7

PIT  0. 7.  6.  7

Ben Roethlisberger 27-47 346 1 TD 2 INT

James Connor 18 carries 77 yards 

James Washington 4 catches 56 yards 1 TD

Eric Ebron 3 catches 54 yards 

T.J Watt 2 sacks

Alex Highsmith 1 sack

Cam Sutton 1 INT

Matthew Wright 2/2 extra points, 2/3 field goals"
Steelers win by 10
This post aged terribly.
Okay?
[removed]
Even if we lose today that keeps the Ravens out of the playoffs so don’t be too mad
"There are a lot of scenarios where the Ravens still get in if we lose today. What the Steelers, Browns and Dolphins do greatly impacts the Ravens.

http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine"
I mean no i want to win. I don’t care who makes the playoffs besides us. I want to win the damn games
This makes me feel a bit better about the next three hours.
Because you are afraid.
""
""
""
Derek Watt is good to go? A FB blocking for the running game might help out a lot
"I do get annoyed that Jaylen gets a hat over McFarland. I really do. 

Also, no more BS about not trusting Wright to make a kick."
So we do we have left at MLB?
Happy to see Tuitt and Dotson healthy and ready to go. Need them in the trenches today.
I still feel Dobbs is better than Mason... I am basing this off of one throw a long time ago...... lol
""
Ummm this doesn’t sound good?
[deleted]
"Per the athletic, the ravens will only be fined 250000 dollars

No draft picks taken away

Despite having four different strands of covid and over 20 positive tests

I'm mad 

[Ravens Fined Covid 19 Protocols](https://theathletic.com/news/ravens-fined-covid-19-protocols/23rlo2OjRAA6)"
"Yeah, the whole league should be a little irritated with this one."
"Not surprised at the result, but you think intentionally not adhering to protocol for a length of time was more deserving of a more severe punishment."
"Did the coach that willfully exposed people
And violated protocols get fired or just a slap on the wrist?"
This league is trash. Saints and raiders punished more for less severe violations.
Such a joke
The NFL or the new networks had to lose more than that just on game being moved from Thanksgiving
"I talked shit and defended the league, assuming they would drop the hammer.  I'm an idiot for ever assuming Roger Goodell (or whoever was responsible for this decision) would make a fair and consistent ruling.  The Steelers have themselves to blame for a lot of their problems in this losing streak, but I think it is insanely naïve to disregard the affect the Ravens and Titans outbreaks had on the health, mindset, stamina, etc. of this team.  If we can lose our shit over JuJu dancing on TikTok, then we can acknowledge that the Steelers have been royally boned by the NFL and their preferential treatment of teams that ignored protocols.  

I didn't expect any kind of compensation, but this punishment is a sad, pathetic joke."
Goodell wouldn't take Lamar dick out of his mouth longer enough to penalize them further
"And it was their second offense. We have Harbaugh on video screaming at a ref with his mask down for which he was disciplined.  But yet Saints and Raiders lose a pick for their 2nd offense.  

It seems Baltimore flexed with “strikes” threats and the NFL cowed."
Fuck Roger Goodell.
The ravens get away with anything. If that were the steelers we'd have draft picks taken and be made an example by the league. Fucking horse shit..
This is such bullshit considering the colts were super reckless
The ravens are one of the NFLs favorite teams right now and it shows
"So with this declining scale of NFL covid punishment, by the time a player actually dies because of someone breaking protocol, they'll just get a $50 fine and have to watch a training video"
How many days or reschedule did they force the NFL to do and disrupt everyone too!
That's less than $11K per positive test. Rob Manfred couldn't have come up with a better funishment.
Four different strands?
"What a fucking joke.  They knew their head strength and conditioning coach wasn’t wearing a mask all season and they let it go.  That’s a blatant disregard for NFL rules and all they got was a slap on the wrist.  They cost the league actual money by ruining their marquee thanksgiving night matchup, and the league still coddled them like fucking babies."
"Saying it again, they should lose their 1st and we should get that 1st.  Same with the Titans."
The Browns have to be super excited!
its probably because they took an L over it
"players should just start getting drunk on the field, roll some backwoods and shit. clearly there’s no rules in this league. fucking free for all"
I think it’s because the fired the guy? Idk shoulda been fined more
That’s some 💩
"People getting infected is not the problem.  The problem was the flagrant violations of protocol by multiple people, not to mention the crazy fucking conspiracy theorist nutter strength coach.

This punishment is a joke.  Given how hard the constant rescheduling dicked us over it feels like the NFL is playing favorites."
Shouldn't the *OhMUh gOD CVoViD iS DEadLY kILLer!!!!* crowd just be happy no one died?
Lol its not like they tripped a player on the sideline. We got a free win. We really should be thanking the nfl that we didn't have to play them at full strength
What are you complaining about? It gave you a win. You sure as hell couldn't beat us now.
[removed]
"#Indianapolis Colts at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:38

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Colts|7|14|3|0|24|
|Steelers * * *|0|7|7|14|28|


Last Play: (:38) B.Roethlisberger kneels to PIT 32 for -1 yards.

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|IND|TD|1|(9:51) (Shotgun) J.Taylor up the middle for 6 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|1|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|PIT|TD|2|(13:50) J.Conner up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|M.Wright extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|IND|TD|2|(6:40) J.Taylor right guard for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|2|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|IND|TD|2|(4:08) P.Rivers pass deep middle to Z.Pascal for 42 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|IND|PAT|2|R.Blankenship extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|IND|FG|3|(9:25) R.Blankenship 28 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Rhodes, Holder-R.Sanchez.|
|PIT|TD|3|(3:23) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to Di.Johnson for 39 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|M.Wright extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(14:57) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to E.Ebron for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|M.Wright extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(7:43) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep left to J.Smith-Schuster for 25 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|M.Wright extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Colts | 9 | 83 | 127 | 238 | 21 |
| Steelers | 6 | 49 | 20 | 333 | 26 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/klbmfa/post_game_thread_indianapolis_colts_at_pittsburgh/)
"Guys, I went back to Ohio to see family at Thanksgiving and while there we were there we purchased a box of Juju's Jumpin Crunch from Giant Eagle. 

After coming home, my girl and I put it on display in our living room. 

Since then, the Steelers have been on a downwards slide as you all are already aware. 

As of this morning, the box has been removed and is out of sight and I apologize for letting Steelers Nation down. 

Let's get this W and let's get back on track."
"Rest up, D. You’ll be back on the field in about five minutes, depending on commercial breaks."
I would like to apply to be the new OC next year. I promise I won’t run a slant at the line of scrimmage every play
"“A year ago, the #Steelers were left to play a kid named Duck at QB. They were a long shot to make the playoffs and knew, even if they did, there was little chance they’d win there. 

And yet... that 2019 team somehow had more juice, more fire and more fun to it than this one.”
-Aditi on Twitter"
"Here comes  1 yard draw to prove we’re super serious about the run, followed by 2 incompletions within 7 yards"
The decision to not call time out with a minute left is absolutely laughable
[deleted]
"It's not just that our running game is bad. It's that we refuse to try different things to try and fix it. Outside zone runs, stretches, pitches, tosses, counters, we've done none of that. Every time we run the ball, it's shotgun formation, right up the middle. You can blame the offensive line, you can blame the backs themselves, but this coaching staff is not helping them to get better."
Thank God Hilton got tackled at the 3 and not the 4 yard line
"3rd and 9

run a 1 yard crosser

can't make this up"
[deleted]
They’ll never expect the 5 yard hooks and slants
Randy's play sheet is a laminated Waffle House menu
You know things are bad when you get the ball at the 3 and your first thought is 'We may get a field goal from this'.
Someone should tell CBS they’re broadcasting the same game from last week
I’ve never in my life felt a 14 point lead was insurmountable. This is insane.
Every time rivers blows a game he has a kid
[deleted]
"Jordan Berry for team MVP.

But unironically."
"Alright, three quick passes to Dionte and a punt. LETS GO BOYS!!!"
“This is Steelers football!” Dude we gained 3 yards in 4 plays
"And the Browns just Browned.

All is right in the AFC North again."
Romo knows this team is fucking trash. He's trying to be nice.
"Anyone else remember rivers acting like a bitch after the chargers lost to the duck led steelers? Grabbing fitzpatricks shoulder pads and yelling in his face, fuck rivers

Edit: hilton"
That’s not even playcalling.  That’s just piss poor run blocking.
Can we pay Romo as much as he’s getting from CBS to be our OC?
"TJ got tackled and strangled on consecutive plays. I guess offensive holding just isn't a thing anymore, huh?"
So did Chase Claypool do something to Ben? Or Tomlin? Or like..what?
"""The colts are for real""  


no, theyre playing the steelers lol"
"Love how I turn the game on in the second quarter and the first thing I see is TJ in a chokehold and the the commentary laughing about it, but no call."
"This team the past 4 games has sucked all the joy out of watching football. Its not that were losing, its the NFL it happens, but the way they’re losing is just so demoralizing to watch. Its sad to see how far we’ve fallen in such a short amount of time."
"1st half was still inexcusable. But, a win is a win. They might as well play like the 2012 ravens and thrown downfield and get PI calls. With this receiving corps, it's a legit strategy."
The last month of Steelers football has felt like 2 years.
Worst ~~11-0~~ ~~11-1~~ ~~11-2~~ ~~11-3~~ ~~11-4~~ 11-5 team ever!
Does Claypool actually exist or did I imagine him as a person?
"Did Claypool do something to Randy? Seriously why is this dude never targeted, it’s crazy especially after the hot start he had."
"Conner punches it in in the first half and they don’t try again there, makes sense"
dammit. massage diontae's cramp NOW
Hot take: #1/#2 receivers should not be punt returners. Ever.
"Juju can dance if he wants to


he can leave the haters behind


Cuz if the hates don't dance


Then they're, no friends of mine"
"Thank you Steelers.

Also fuck you."
Aaannddddd Baker fumbled that game away... keeps getting better...
6 fn points. That's how many points the Steelers offense has scored on 1st drives that is .4 a game.. Colts have scored 59. That is 3.67.
"We have half the time of possession as the colts and everyone’s like “WhY iS tHe DefenSe sUCkiNG”

They’re gassed. Our offense can’t sustains a drive for shit."
[deleted]
Maybe we’re just sand bagging so everyone thinks we suck
Bipolar subreddit incoming
Lol I’ve seen this every game the last 3 weeks. They give us hope only to crush it later
[deleted]
Is it just me or did anyone else see Johnsons elbow go down in bounds
"4 snaps they shouldn’t have gotten this side of the 2 minute warning... what a joke. He was clearly down in bounds. Even if he wasn’t, he was hit backwards which is forward progress."
We can have a bye week next week weeeeooooo
"This offense is new levels of bad. Much much worse than last year. Honestly it may be one of the worst in NFL history. Why in the sweet mother fuck would you run a draw on 2nd and 10, then throw the ball at the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 9. That is giving up and waving the white flag. Clear as day. Randy should lose his job for this."
"Remember, the colts are just Baltimore on vacation. Beat the ratponies."
I can’t believe we have to watch this team play a playoff game
you know it’s sad when the announcers are making excuses for us sucking
Ben’s 300th batted past this season...
Come on Ben. Juju and Ebron were wide open. Bad throw.
Tomlin knew we'd go 3 and out so fast that he didnt want to give the colts enough time for another easy touchdown drive lololol
I cant even explain this enough. This is the worst I've seen this steelers team since the worst Tommy Maddox/kordell Stewart days.
"Reminder we would have 0 points if our defense didn't gift wrap a td for us at IN 3yd line, even then it took a penalty for us to score"
"“So coach Tomlin obviously there have been some struggles on the offensive side of the ball do you plan on changing anything up?”
“No.”"
If Tomlin thinks this is still just our players not executing he’s clinically insane
"At this point I’m not even mad anymore, just depressed, embarrassed, and emotionally depleted. 

I liked last season because it was fun being the scrappy underdogs."
Tj is the only guy worth watching on this team. God damn it
"Steelers vs 1 yard. 

Name a more iconic duo"
That Snell run is more infuriating than the Claypool drop.
"Claypool, buddy, endzone is the other way"
Hire Tomlin!  I hope Ben comes back next year!
Lol the old Deion navy
#WE ACTUALLY DID IT HOLY SHIT
"I now have hope for the playoffs after that comeback. Ngl, I lost faith in the team after the last month. I hope we can keep the momentum up."
Had em all the way lmao.
"- Start Bad
- Give up a ton of points 
- False Hope <- **You Are Here**
- Lose a Close Game"
Steelers offense is currently the worst steelers offense i have ever seen in my 27 years
Jordan Berry has been the best player on this Steelers team the last few weeks not named TJ Watt.
"Slow-mo video of Al getting demolished...

Yinzers: ""Ugh where was Conner???"""
"Here is my prediction for the steelers 2021 draft

Round 1 OL
Round 2 OL
Round 3 OL
Roind 4 OL
Round 5 OL
Round 6 OL
Round 7 OL
Roind 8 OL
Round 9 OL
Round 11 OL"
"**WE**

**SCORED**

**A**

**TD**"
If TJ doesn’t get DPOY again I’m going to be pissed
These refs are goddamn blind. Watt was in a chokehold there
The loss of bud Dupree cannot be overstated. Our run defense drastically fell off with him gone
how can you get your ass handed to you three straight weeks. and then come back out and change nothing?
This team is going to get curb stomped in the playoffs.
"OMG Shut up Romo. It wasn't Rivers confusing anybody on the defense. It was Tomlin giving up on the half. He was content to let that go. 

I cannot believe they're making Rivers out to be some mad genius. If Tomlin wanted the ball back with time, he would have called a timeout. He didn't want it."
"Remember when we had the worst offense in the nfl last year and we all said “just wait until Ben is back” 

Well"
"I really enjoy how opposing RBs get 6 yards before ANY contact and our RBs get hit before the line of scrimmage

This O line is serving no purpose"
I’d rather see Conner up the gut for 4 straight plays
Worst offense in the NFL
"So whose in the SB this yr?

My guess is KC vs Saints. Obvious picks."
At least you knew what you were getting with the 2019 offense. Was kind of fun watching a guy named Duck sling that shit
"Don't forget, without that forced fumble by TJ we're sitting at 0 points."
"Ok, why did you decide to run 5yrds backwards there?"
"Never doubted them for a second 😅

By the way, no reason at all, maybe don’t check my comment history 😂"
"UPDATE:

Allegheny River: 0 INT

Monongahela River: 0 INT

Ohio River: 0 INT

Phillip Rivers: 1 INT"
"“The old 96er, that’s a made up name but they’re running it again!”

I love Tony Romo so much that I wish we drafted him and could claim him as alumni. I feel like he and Troy would be headlining a buddy comedy sitcom right now if he were a Stiller."
AFC NORTH CHAMPS BABY!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only we had put mason in...wait nvm
Trevor Lawrence to Jacksonville confirmed.
WE HAVEN'T WON A GAME SINCE JUJU STOPPED DANCING
"Phil Rivers on the sideline right now: Gosh frickin’ darnit guys what the friggin’ heck, we need to get our crap together and keep these friggin’ bullcrap Steelers from getting back in this gosh darn game!"
Ben's painkillers kicked in I gues
Lmao worst 3rd/4th and 1 team in the league
The fact that I'm never confident we can even get 1 fuckin yard is pretty hilariously sad.
The amount of joy that moving a football 15 feet is absolutely wild. Its like chasing a unicorn.
"Another day, another egregious hold on Watt"
That's a nice hold they refuse to call
Quite frankly the most egregious hold I’ve ever seen
When the holding is so bad the Romo crew thinks its a running joke to laugh at
So apparently it is legal to hold blitzers as long as it’s it’s a choke hold? Cool cool cool cool cool.
That was like the third conversion in that drive where they hit him short of the marker and just didn’t bring him down. Uninspired.
Damn these refs are blind TJ got put in a chokehold and nothing called.
Don’t blink or you’ll miss another Steelers 3 & out.
"Minkah leading the team in tackles so far with 5. You do not want your deep safety leading the team in tackles, that's a bad sign. Lol"
"2016 - 22.5 offensive holding average per team  
2017 - 21.19 offensive holding average per team  
2018 - 22.97 offensive holding average per team  
2019 - 22.88 offensive holding average per team  
2020 - 13.13 offensive holding average per team

Very fishy....."
"Sitting Ben won't help, this is Fichtners scheme.  It looks the exact same as last year when Rudolph was in, thats not a coincidence."
"Next offensive possession:

Diontae drops the ball

Diontae 6 yard completion

Conner for 2 yards"
Earlier I said “I got a good feeling in our offense” I think it was just gas...
We're now the Madden CPU on Rookie.
Where the hell is Chase.  Ben hasnt targeted him at all.
"Man, if only we had 30 more seconds to work with. Too bad the NFL changed the rules this week to where you can’t call a time out if the other team goes no huddle"
that was the worst fucking end of half clock management I’ve ever seen
How did they not take a time out. It is just beyond me
Those 3-7 possible points are 100% on Tomlin there
Tomlin not calling a timeout there is something I’ll be scratching my head over for a while. Getting outplayed is one thing. Getting out coached is another
"Really curious what all the apologists are thinking right about now. This offense is worst in the league, and I honestly don't think it's even close."
AAAAHAHAHA. FUCK ME. Five plays inside the 5 and we can’t do shit. Holy crap I’m running out of adjectives to describe how much we suck.
Get up to the 1. Get ben behind center with Claypool in motion and run ben in.
Ben reading r/steelers on the bench confirmed?
"And in a shocking turn of events ladies and gentlemen, we learn that Juju dancing WASNT THE FUCKING PROBLEM YOU GOD DAMN MORONS"
"Titans fan here, just saying FUCK THE COLTS!!! Go Steelers"
So was randy fired in the last 20 minutes? God I hope so.
"Just scared the absolute shit out of my poor little dog who decided she would take a nap in my lap only to have JuJu score as soon as she drifted off. 

Now she's on the bed looking around trying to figure out what the hell happened. The other dog didn't budge from under the blanket like a real professional."
How are Colts fans going to blame the refs for that INT?
Refs gifted them 3 plays before the 2 minute break. GG to them.
TJ being mugged again
It feels like they’ve ran 15 plays and burned 20 seconds off the clock
I'm glad Ben didn't retire at halftime like so many of you probably hoped
GO JETS
"I got a feeling my friends.... were winning this game and winning the fucking division. 

WHO RIDE!?"
I washed my game day sweatshirt for the first time all season today. This will stop our losing streak. I'm pretty sure that's how it works.
The return of Bince Billiams
Forget 11 games. How did we win ***one*** game this season?
"I just wanna know what happened, we didn't go 10-0 on a fluke. What changed."
Every Steeler fan just pointed at their tv.
HOLDING???
let’s auction off our playoff spot for a draft pick
I expect nothing and I'm still disappointed
This is the definition of insanity. We just keep doing the same thing hoping to get a different result. So frustrating
The team is 11-3 and likely division winners and I’ve never felt more hopeless watching a steelers team. I don’t think there’s one playoff team we can beat
Did Claypool get in trouble with the team or something? Every week even the commentators question why he isn’t playing more.
I wish there were fans in the stands so they could hear the booing
Just imagine we would have like 30 sec more in the clock huh
"My mind is blown that that wasted almost a whole minute and their last posesssion by not calling timeout.

What was romo even talking about? Who cares what the colts were doing? Just call timeout anyway."
Someone really has to tell them it’s too late to tank for Trevor Lawrence
"Man we were close to field goal range, if only we would’ve had 30-40 more seconds"
Save us Sam Darnold
"Second half strategy (personal): day drink and enjoy whatever I can with this game. Maybe employ some snark?

Second half strategy (team): I don’t even know. Day drink  and try out some crazy shit? Vance at QB? 3 OL and 7 WR? Only run fake kicks?"
This is the 4th game in a row of us beating ourselves and I can't fucking watch it anymore.
"At what point is it okay to say, ""You know what, the output of this team is inexcusable and I'm done until something changes.""

I'm genuinely curious"
The memes that will come from a 11-6 season collapse are gonna suck lol. Maybe stay away from social media for your own health
Tomlin is “definitely concerned”. Can’t wait to watch more of the same with no changes.
Even the defense is giving up.  Having an offense this bad must be pretty demotivating
"If we lose TJ Watt, the season is truly over. The defense has overcome a lot of defensive injuries, but he's one they cannot overcome"
HOW CAN YOU NOT GAIN A YARDDDDD
"I'm having flashbacks to that game where we had something like 7 shots at the endzone from 1 yard away, and we couldn't fucking make it."
Lining up in shotgun for 4 plays from the 1 will never make sense to me.
"""never would have imagined they wouldn't get it across"" 

Um, yes we fucking would."
"FIRE

FICHTNER"
"Beginning of the season: my fantasy team died so the Steelers could live. 

Now: the Steelers died so my fantasy team can compete for 7th place."
Rivers is insufferable
Rivers is and always has been a crying little bitch...
Where was this for the first half of the game?
I have to admit I like Romo commentating
Did fichtner get fired at half time?
I'm smellin a pick....
"What a shocker, our defense looks good when they get more than a 1 minute break."
Damn now y’all love juju. He was never the issue for me.
I must formally apologize to both my heart and liver for being a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Watt strip sack -> victory formation
So glad we have Minkah.
Come on rivers I know you're good for 1 more pick
Unbelievable. What a comeback. Simply unreal.
"I had heart surgery earlier this month, I'm going to die like this."
SUCK ME SOFTLY BABY
The Steelers. Lose to easy ass teams. Beat playoff teams. This is the way
I bet being a cardiologist in Pittsburgh is the most lucrative career
IM STILL ROOTING FOR YA JETS.  LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
WHAT A HELL OF A ~~GAME~~ SECOND HALF
OH MY GOD WHAT A COMEBACK
Am I a bandwagon now for being pissed off?
"3 short passes, 3 incompletes.  CHANGE. OUR. PLAYCALLER."
"i don’t get it, it’s not like Rivers old ass throws deep, but he at least throws beyond the first down line, why can’t we do that"
This is what happens with no linebackers.
Romo. “You can’t keep throwing short passes” Pittsburgh. “Hold my beer”
Almost every offense in the nfl is a lock on 3rd and 1. The fact that I have to be worried about 3rd and 1 while we’re on offense is just so fucking sad
Can't wait to see 1 run for nothing and 2 passes short lol
I don’t know how this offense can even look the defense in the eyes in the locker room
Our draft should consist of nothing but offensive linemen
Glad the offense managed to get 3 yards lol
Six points at one time!?!?!?
"Hey, all we need is to start our drive on their 10yrd line everytime and we'll have no problem winning 🥴"
"If they didn't get that offside penalty, that drive ends in FG for sure."
how in the fuck do you not call holding on that blatant chokehold? holy fuck
How could the refs miss that blatant hold on TJ? It wasn't even subtle or obscured by anyone
Bush and Spillane gone are really fucking us on these runs
We don’t concern ourselves with first downs and things of that nature
RANDY YOU CANT THROW A 1 YARD PASS OB THIRD AND 9
The definition of insanity ? Doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results. This is just embarrassing man
How does a kicking team get a block in a back? This team just isn't coached
how is randy still on the sidelines
What the fuck are these playcalls on 3rd down? Like we don't even want to try to convert
Ben with the 0 vision on the triple coverage throw and then no try to throw it deep
"Honestly as fans, why are we watching this. This sub already knows what’s going to happen before it happens. This offense is absolutely horrid."
"Enough blame to go around, that’s for sure. But the first person to lose their job HAS to be Fichtner. This is his offense. His responsibility."
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS
"For real, why isn't claypool involved anymore?"
"The offense never died.  
  
They passed. I'll see myself out."
"At this point I think I bench everyone next week regardless of whether the division is clinched or not. 

A week off might not fix anything, but it’s the only hope I’ve got. This isn’t working."
"They called that block in the back, but not a *single* fucking hold on Watt today?"
CALL A TIMEOUT WTF
Tomlin throwing up the first half towel
Wow imagine if we had another 20 seconds.....
Too bad we didn't call a fucking timeout with 58 seconds left on the clock. Holy shit
Wow I wish we had 20 more seconds
[deleted]
Hey guys - the good news is we have an extra timeout we can carry over to the second half!
No timeout on 3rd and 18 is a team that has given up
"I know it’s been said over and over but what kills me is that we have changed absolutely nothing over the last 4 or 5 games. Change the play calling, throw it downfield more, if Ben’s arm is toast then put in another QB because it’s NOT WORKING. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and hoping for a different result."
I'm genuinely surprised even our offense couldn't fuck up being gifted a drive starting at the opponents 1. Took us four fucking tries though
Do they even practice during the week?
"1st down: throw to Dionte dropped
2nd down: bad throw to Dionte
3rd down: I guess we can’t run it now. Throw to Dionte incomplete
Punt: petercockroach dies a little inside"
Can’t believe we haven’t been getting claypool in the game.
“No personnel changes to start the half” well fuck me lol
"Tracy Wolfson “Any changes personnel wise?”
Tomlin “Nooooooope!”

Why even bother?"
The power dynamic on this offense is clearly fucked. Ben doesn’t give a shit about what Randy has to say. I’m not saying Randy is good or even competent. It’s just two buddies out there running an NFL offense. The coach holds no sway. At least Haley would hold Ben to the fire and Ben didn’t like that.
"* Great game plan by this coaching staff.  You know that thing that 1 decent and 2 below average defenses just stopped cold, lets come out and do the same thing against a really good defense.  They'll never expect it!  

* Defense has been on the field forever, we just can't leave those guys out there for 2/3rd of the game against a well rounded offense (even short their tackles they're running a game plan to minimize that--good coaching) and expect to have sustained success.

* One of my biggest complaints about the Tomlin/Roethlisberger era is terrible clock management.  That 3rd and 18 where we let the colts run 40 seconds off the clock is just inexcusable.  We were going to have good field position and two time outs, instead we do nothing again.

* Going to be tough to take advantage of those tackles with the amount of offensive holding that's being allowed.  Watt has been abused by that all year, but there were at least 3-4 plays this game where it lead to Colts chunk plays.

* That Soul Train touchdown celebration was friggin' amazing.  Hilarious and trash talking at the same time.  Kudos to those guys--although the running down to the opposite endzone and cam posing after the second was a little weird.  I don't think I've seen an offense do that this year.

* I picked this game to be 24-13 Colts.  I ~~over~~**under**-estimated just how awful we really are right now.  I think this Colts team could hang 40 on us if they wanted to...instead I think you're just going to seem them run the balls down our throats in the 2nd half--no reason to expose Rivers to pass rush or injury, but if Indy doesn't have 35 when the final whistle blows I'll be amazed.

Edit: adjectives are hard."
"Usually I’m pretty pumped to just see my team make the playoffs, for the simple fact I get to watch at minimum one more game. I don’t even want it"
Why can’t we ever just have a complete season? It’s honestly bewildering
i’m a jets fan today instead
The Colts are averaging over 4 yards a carry. The Steelers have 4 yards rushing on the game
"This team today plays a clone of the 8-8 team last season.


Who wins???"
"TJ injured, our last starting linebacker"
"Fans acting like this is an inexplicable collapse are the same fans that were totally delusional about our play during the 10-0 start(cause you should have known better after win 11), content to say ""ugly win but I'll take it!"" every week. We haven't looked actually good on offense since the Philadelphia game and  it was clear."
"We need to change so, so much. It’s so sad. Ben is atrocious, the coordinators are brain dead, the defense can’t do anything against the run, the line can’t block. How do you start 11-0 then finish like this?"
"Fuck you Fichtner, really go fuck yourself. You 60, get the hell out of the game."
No joke this team is bottom 5 in the league
FWIW that wasn’t a fumble.
"What was that?

I don’t know anything other than a slant."
Do it again you fucking cowards
Rivers is the whiniest athlete in the history of sports
[deleted]
Heyward is a true steeler in and out.
"RIP to the people who guessed we'd get 0-2 sacks today

It was me. I'm people."
Can we bring these refs with us to the playoffs?
3 TDs in 10 minutes. Jesus.
Way to hold onto that Juju
These team makes me bipolar as fuck
Mike Tomlin to appear at Biden's inauguration to announce 10 year extension.
They call Juju Mr. TikTok because he loves to chew clock.
Having that connection between Ben and Juju is so valuable. He’s not the most electric receiver ever but he is so damn tough and always on the same page as Ben.
There will be two groups on this sub. Those who act like the Steelers are suddenly contenders and those who act as if the Steelers are the Pirates. There will be no middle ground.
Minkah pick-six incoming.
how does watt not get holding calls
It’s third and two. Can we just throw it two yard to have a shot
"THE LOSING STREAK IS OVER

THE DIVISION IS OURS

#HEREWEGO"
"IF YOU DONT LIKE LOSING TO A 2 WIN TEAM AND THEN BEATING A 10 WJN TEAM, YOU DONT LIKE STEELERS FOOTBALL"
"Everyone saying its rigged, but all those PI calls were justified. DB there early = flag, Holding the receiver down field = flag."
I wonder what the announcers are going to talk about since Juju isn't dancing today
Maybe it'll be easier to count the number of *caught* passes
Lol we are fucked aren't we
Come on Randy. Do some more slants.
First team in NFL history to start 11-0 and lose the division
Here comes the 3 and outs. Absolutely embarrassing to go from 11-0 to this. Who will be held accountable for this collapse is the real question.
"here comes a run, run, pass, punt special from randy"
Big Al has regressed so much
Berry should be team MVP.
"The only team in the NFL that consistently cannot get a single yard. Every time they need one yard, they can't manage it."
The announcers are mocking the team. But they're not wrong.
5 defenders just whiffed
"""Steelers have not given up a 90 yard touchdown drive"" 

Well fuck now it's gonna happen"
Steelers can lose and there’s no consequences. You want 41 million? How about $41 thousand and you struggle to keep your job like the rest of us.
"alright offense, how about you show a little fucking heart"
Mike Hilton with back to back big plays. He’s so underappreciated in our defense.
Good field position? Time to go 3 and out
I just feel numb when the offense steps on
"This isn't fairweather fan bs, we suck.  We really, truly suck.  Every facet of our offense is fucking awful."
"This is fucking pathetic. It’s 4 weeks straight it feels like. 

And you’re going to do play action when you can’t run the damn ball?"
We need a new o line holy shit
Was it Rudolph last season or the OC? It feels like I’m watching the same offense?
Roethlisberger checks down to Ebron when he had routes headed down field - dude has no interest in taking shots.
"I have never seen a team fall flat on their face quite at the degree this team has. This is literally saddening, i can’t even be angry, I’m depressed"
WE RAN ONE FUCKING YARD LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
All we gotta do is start every drive at the 5 yard line and we will be fine.
Thank God for this defense
How the fuck is that not holding on Watt?!
The Jets are up 14-3 on Cleveland rn
"Seriously as good as a pass rush we have MOST plays the QB has a pocket to sit back and pass. But on the opposite end, how many plays a game does Ben have a clean pocket?  Fewer than 4 or 5. Our oline is so bad and that’s why we have to call all the quick hitting stuff, we simply don’t have time to call the other."
Are you fucking kidding me with the lack of holding calls...WTF!!!
Man outside of one TJ Watt superstar play this defense is getting absolutely abused so far. The offense actually has to figure their shit out this is gonna be a long ass game.
"So here's our next drive: run, dropped pass, missed DPI, punt"
Who's ready for the most boring offense in football!!
"Kevin Colbert is like: why the fuck do I bother putting together these amazing teams? 

We're gonna lose Colbert and the last thing propping up this organization. Gonna be a difficult rebuild."
"To be fair, the league can't call holding on TJ watt by the book.  If they did, hed have 2-3 times as many pressures and sacks and break all time records.

Its almost like he's so good, the league has decided for the good of the sport, the rules have to be changed for him otherwise RIP all quarterbacks.

Whatev."
yes Romo!!!  its very fuckin frustrating watching at home.  its downright embarrassing actually how fuckin bad we are.  people need to lose their jobs this off season
Nothing makes me hornier than seeing an incomplete pass on first down and then running on 2nd and 10 going nowhere.
"Here’s an idea, make Claypool your first read."
What's the old phrase about insanity? Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result? Yea...
Can the city ban together and run Fichtner out of town? He’s the worst coach I’ve ever seen.
"Good thing they are in Pittsburgh, they can just go home instead of the locker room at halftime"
That’s cheating. You’re not allowed to throw deep
Welp that’ll probably do it this team is incapable of a two score comeback
Wow. Outplayed. Outcoached. Absolutely no hope for this team.
I hear a flock of ducks was spotted flying over Heinz...
"huh, didnt know qbs could successfully throw down the field"
I’ve run out negative things to say
"so all those colts fans ""coming in peace"" talking about how wed smash their o-line were lying it seems lol"
I'm going down with the ship. I'm watching this to the end. I'm still stupid enough to think that a comeback is possible.
420 TD passes for Rivers. Nice.
"We are outgunned, outmanned, outnumbered, outplanned

-George Washington, or maybe Mike Tomlin"
Juju looks like he doesn't want to be out there. I can't say I blame him.
Enough of these passes and we should score by mid 4th quarter
I don’t even want to go to the playoffs
That pass was a good five yards short. Holy hell.
They cannot let Ben come back next year
[deleted]
What the fuck was that throw
"Tomlin: horrible clock management, 3 playoffs wins since 2011"
Lol Romo is just mocking tomlin right now about time management.
"Seriously, as a head coach, how can you keep watching the same awful crap, play after play after play and not say...make a fucking change."
No one on this team cares at all. No one. Biggest meltdown of a team in a long time
"By all means, just throw it to the 20 when you need a touchdown!"
Would’ve loved 20 more seconds
Fuck you tomlin. Terrible ass clock management
What a total collapse of an 11-0 start. We're about to become a running joke of the NFL for many years.
"1. We should have called the fucking timeout at 3rd and 18

2. Ben not throwing it to the end zone tells me something is off. He's playing hurt."
"Team needs an actual overhaul in the off season.

The lack of depth has been killing the Steelers for years. 

The starters inevitably go down and the wheels come straight the fuck off."
"After 14 years as head coach, Mike Tomlin still doesn't know how to call timeouts at the end of a half or game."
4 rushing yards at halftime? Wat
Why in the hell is this team so adamant on little dink and dunk passes that are easily defended. We have no run game to speak of so can we at least shake things up in the pass game??
"We only got catches because the Colts defense was playing soft going into the half. 

Ben was just throwing balls to get some practice. No one on the field was expecting a miracle."
"Real talk: this season has ground us to a nub. The OL is just done. Losing two starters has killed us. Losing Bud and Bush isn’t easy to overcome especially when the D has to platoon guys in due to the O being unable to sustain a drive. Look at some of the guys playing. Mondeaux, Marsh, Williamson, Wormley?

2020 won, guys."
"The Colts outgained the Steelers 217-93 in the first half. Had 13 first downs compared to 6 for the Steelers. Colts have 77 rushing yards. The Steelers have 4.

Oof"
Claypool hasn’t even been looked at
Translation: we aint changing shit
Instead of Renegade they should play baby shark for this soft ass team.
Am I high or did that play clock hit 0
"I have become one of you guys. 

We fucking suck."
I think the halftime speech was probably just JuJu doing the Nae Nae in the locker room while everyone watched
If Watt is actually injured we are fully done
The 1-13 Jets are outplaying us right now. We are the epitome of dogshit
Can’t be upset about the decision. 7 gives you momentum that 3 doesn’t.
How is it that hard to gain ONE YARD????
Urinating Tree in shambles
"If we’re gonna lose, we better lose it by more than three points.

Well, I think we got that covered."
"qb sneak doesnt exist between 4 offensive coordinators, its ben guys.  He wont do it

he also wont play under center

i know hes our best chance but boy if it aint frustrating"
"Don’t do that, don’t give me hope"
"45 yards in the air.


Wtf where had that been that past few game lmao"
Don't do that. Don't give me hope
This is what is so ducking confusing!!!! Like if Ben can do that then why the fuck doesn’t he do it more???
Looking like AB on that route. If DJ cleans up his drops in the off-season he can be one of the best in the league 100%.
"Ben ""oh it's easier if you do it one throw"" a la Happy Gilmore"
"so if the doodoos lose to the jets, we can eliminate the doodoos from the playoffs next week by beating them i think. im playing with the playoff machine lol"
"Oh great now Johnson is injured off the punt return, can we catch a break ffs."
This is way too much like last week's game. Imagine if we showed up for the 1st half in either game.
Well if Diontae tweaked something maybe now Claypool will get a catch
"Dang, y'all are on fire out of half time. -A Titans fan that doesn't have faith we can get into the playoffs if the Colts win this game"
Rivers is such a dbag
Eject rivers for yelling without his mask.
Ref: raise the roof! Par-tay!
Rooting for you boys!  We want that rematch and fuck the colts!
Man I hope Ben never gets drug tested right after games..  they must give him 3 Adderalls and 2 Vyvanses at halftime each week.
Okay boys. The tattoo bets are back. Minkah pick 6 and I'll get a tattoo of the subs choice.
EAT HIS ASSSS
BROWNS MISSED THEIR PAT
LOOK HOW MUCH MORE SPACE THERE IS ON THE UNDERNEATH STUFF NOW THAT YOU'VE STRETCHED OUT THE DEFENSE.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHEIEIDJDNDJRIEUWJEOEKRJRNKQLQPSJNRJDIEKEKOEJEIDKKDKRMEJWIEKEORIRNRNEJEIDIDJEJEUEUEHDISJWLAPDNFNNRJEOWIDOFJFNJRIEIRJNEJEHEH
Who would have guessed that throwing passes beyond 8 yards opens up the entire offense
do you think tomlin lit a fire under their ass or just stopped letting randy make the play calls?
[deleted]
Philip Rivers true colors are starting to show
Juju redemption arc
"""Mike Tomlin has to like the effort he's seeing from this team...""

Fuck, me too Jim. Me fuckin too."
He wasn't out of bounds
"Ravens fan, this is the only time I'm ever gonna pull for you guys."
Mayfield just fumbled. Jets may win it.
This bandwagon got light then heavy and might get light again.
my heart rate is 290
LOOKS LIKE IM GETTING PRIMANTIS TONIGHT
For the first time in a fucking month I can breathe after a Steeler game
(checks first half comments) Never so happy to be so wrong
"Whoever turned off the game and is only following the sub, don’t turn it back on. We don’t need your bad luck"
"Ben and Randy are the problem, period."
"1. Calling for Tomlin's job is stupid.

2. Juju fumbled because he was trying to toss the ball so, it was gonna be out of his hands regardless. He knew he was going down and that was the end of the half.

3. Ben can't throw. Not sure if he is hurt or if he needs to retire. Either way it's not good for the Steelers immediate future.

4. Despite what some people think... Conner is our best back and is being under used."
"I am so Fucking done with this team being conservative. 

Reality check: being conservative wont get you another 6 SB’s. 

Ben underperforming is enough reason to bench him, Fichtner fucking it up 2 seasons straight is enough reason to fire him. Players dropping passes/bad performance enough reasons to bench them.

Someone out there apparently has confident in Fichtner, cuz I dont see any possible reason to let a guy like him stay."
"I’m sorry guys...this is all my fault. In the beginning of the season, my wife bought Steelers material to make us cloth COVID masks. She had enough left over to make our dog a collar cover.

Well... she took that collar cover off three weeks ago and replaced it with a collar cover made with Christmas material. I thought she threw the Steelers one away. This was the first time I mentioned the fact that the Steelers have been losing ever since she swapped out the collar covers.

She said “well, it’s in the junk basket! I immediately took the Christmas collar cover off and put the Steelers one back on....and we are doing better. I just hope it’s not too late."
"Eat a dick, Juju haters."
Time to break the tie between Rivers and Ben.
Ahhh our traditional opening drop by DJ
"And still, not a single fucking thing has been changed with the offensive scheme. I'm so fed up"
Wait a minute... WRs can catch those crossing route passes?
"Offense is awful, but at least Watt will get DPOY"
Holy shit a first down SUPER BOWL
A quick out to Diontae wow I can't believe it.
"Each super bowl year Ben has thrown exactly 17 Int's.


he currently has 10


TRUST THE PROCESS"
Conner should not have hesitated
The offensive line needs a makeover bad
This shit hella embarrassing
"Can't win with this offensive line.

They should all be out of a job."
"As much as we shit on the Oline, Snells and Conners vision is fucking awful."
"I don’t care who we have to lose to keep him long term, but we need Bush. We have no run defense without."
This team is so ass it’s forcing me to work on college applications bc that legit sounds more fun than paying attention to this shitshow
QB Sneak.  Take note Tomlin.  We convert on like zero 3rdcand 1s.  This year the Colts put Brissett in on short yard situations and it works every time.  Can we not use Dobbs occassionally for this purpose?
"This isn’t a “need to get rid of Ben” problem. Definitely need to beef up the O line and have a OC that doesn’t only call line of scrimmage slants. If you go 11 games straight relying on the same few calls that are based on dumping the ball as fast as you can, defenses will eventually pick up on it and shred it."
This is the worst offense I’ve seen in a long time.
[deleted]
"Six games with no point from the offense in the first quarter. 
What the hell?!?!"
"This offense is shit.  Dejected, no confidence, getting owned, slow, late, missed blocks, can't run, can't pass block, can't deep pass. And no real adjustments.  Same ole same ole."
"🤠 Farts in a skillet, amirite bois?"
Putting Rudolph in is not going to solve the problem that our O LINE IS GARBAGE
"would be nice to see juju catch that one on the free play, hit him in both hands i dont care if it was behind him"
THANK YOU FOR RUNNING CONNER ON SHORT YARDAGE
Glad we scored but I would like for us to look for chase more when we’re in the red zone
That ref nearly cost us 7 points. Literally zero fitness whatsoever
Seems like they could have called offensive holding there.
Blatant holding on Watt
Watt getting held so hard lmao
Apparently the only way to stop TJ is to fucking choke him
fuck even romo called it out. jfc refs
Gotta hold the beast back. Refs prob see it as legal cause it’s TJ lmao. What else are you gonna do to stop him?
TJ literally being murdered
Watt choked again and no call
Anyone have a picture of that hold on TJ?
Im kind of jealous rivers taking all of these deep shots
The NFL is ruining the game by continually giving benefits to the offense.  Holding only exists on run plays now.
Why don’t our Running Backs run with that kind of effort?
Really missing Bush right about now.
I should just turn this fucking game off...I won’t...but I should.
"So what are we thinking empty back field, slants and a drop by diontae or juju?"
Coming into this season I never in a million years would’ve thought bud Dupree was that important to the defense. But it’s glaring on the rush.
I welcome the mass exdos of players from this team this offseason
"Can anyone walk DJ through the idea that you don't have to run back 2 to 5 yards after a catch before you try to run forward.

90% of the time he runs backwards. It's madding."
3 minutes rest for the defense. Great job offense!!!!!!!!
This team is flat out fucking garbage. Period. And next year when Ben is back throwing for 3 yards a play and Fichtner is calling this horshit of an offense I guess the standard is the standard amirite
This is maddening. It’s 5 weeks of the same shit. And no one answers for it.
Bench Ben. Fire Randy. This December collapse (3rd in 3 years...) has been just demoralizing.
"Ben may be better than Rudolph OVERALL, but at this point in time, it might be beneficial to put Rudolph or Dobbs in. Ben just doesn’t look like himself out there, and it’s becoming a liability"
We’re probably the team every AFC playoff team wants a match up with
It's so frustrating because we watch almost the EXACT same play calls every drive and keep getting the same result. It's literally doing the same thing and expecting something different to happen. Makes me wanna bang my head against the wall.
Wish we had Antwan Randle El at QB
This is an absolute ass whooping.... for the fifth straight week
I honestly don't blame the defense. What's the point of showing up if your the only one playing for the black and gold .
"I love Big Ben, but he's clearly injured. 1 more 3 and out drive and I hope Mason starts the 3rd"
"Game is over, season is over, I have no faith they’ll even attempt to adjust or improve"
"This is the Steelers way. Go 11-5/12-4,Get Super Bowl hopes up to get bounced first round and terrible draft picks"
I’m not even angry anymore. The offense has no heart. No adjustments are being made. No consequences. I’m done for the season. They are going to get humiliated in that one playoff game.
Could we legitimately be the worst team in the league?  Really looked like it recently
Literally any team in the NFL could beat this team right now.
I’m just sorry the stands aren’t full to boo their asses.
This team doesn’t like each other.
Give Matt Canada the reins
"Offense is bad, Ben is playing awful, offensive line needs new faces, but honestly teams know Ben is just going to throw short and mid so there’s a lot more pressure they can put on Ben. There’s no deep threat for some reason I can’t understand because it’s not like we had the hottest deep threat WR in the game for the first half of the season. I just don’t get what happened to the year and the only thing that makes sense is that Bens elbow caught up to him or there’s some other thing we’ll find out the week after we get bounced."
Mind you these assholes get the ball back at halftime. May very well be 28-7 soon.
Ben & Rivers entered the league at the same time. One can still complete a pass beyond 15 yards. The other can't.
Randy Fichtner records Young Sheldon.
"To be clear, it isn’t being a “fair weather fan” anymore. This team has just just continued to show how terrible it is these last four weeks. 21 points allowed in the first half and only 2 first downs is just not acceptable"
"A 5 yard pass to DJ from shotgun. 

Really digging into the playbook here."
This team is a fucking joke
Never thought I’d see 2 Steelers drop the same ball but damn
Watching Miami yesterday play with two reliable QBs...
Dude I don't even remember the last time I felt happy watching this team. October?
"We should find a way to get darnold to pitt, he's wasting away in new york."
The pass to nobody
Fuck this I’m going back to playstation not subjecting myself to another half of this
Benching Ben might be the only option at this point. Its not like rudolph can be worse than the offense is right now.
Great clock management Tomlin
Tomlin’s giving up by not calling a timeout
Tomlin has gave up on this.
Tomlin must know its almost worse to put the ball back in the offense hands
"I don't normally criticize Tomlin, but holy shit that is AWFUL coaching. Complete lack of common sense and football IQ to not call a timeout there."
"That's the second time in the last couple games we haven't even bothered calling a timeout to get the ball back. 

If Tomlin doesn't think 1 minute and two timeouts is enough time to get a field goal, why is Ben even playing? Why are we even here? Why even bother?"
Throw into the fucking end zone!
Nice they made it to the redzone!!
Would’ve been nice if we had a little extra time there..........
"If ben's not even capable of throwing a 45 yard hail mary, it's time to hang it up."
The not-so-Hail-Mary
Is Ben not throwing to Claypool on purpose?? WTF
[deleted]
Watch big bens corpse or play Valhalla?
Why the fuck didn’t Tomlin call a timeout on 3rd and 18? Christ man this team does not want to win I’m telling you. It’s been a month of the same shit and every week we tell ourselves it’ll be different but it never is. The Steelers don’t ever change or adjust anything. Just some clown shit.
Ben needs to go home at halftime and watch the rest of the game from his couch
Well at least we can look forward to Tomlin getting an extension in the off season /s
Last week the team at least looked pissed off. They have no energy or fight right now.
"I really wanted to believe in this team this year. I work overnight and I slept an hour to watch this game. I'm going back to bed. Hope this turns around while I'm gone. Good luck guys, and find a way to at least enjoy the day, whether it's family time or just playing some games to distract from this hindenburg of a team. Have a good one, fellas."
I’d much rather be like 4-12 or below bc at least then we get a good pick
"So what exactly happened between the first 11 wins and now. Like, what changed?"
At least we’re not getting our asses whooped in primetime again... we’re getting our asses whooped at noon instead where we can hide away
"Okay you got me now, I was patient up to this point, but now I'll give in: Burn Randys ass and throw out everything he touched in our facilities. This Team has no future with Fichtner at OC."
Avery getting absolutely fucked in the coverage today.
"Is anyone else annoyed by the bots here? Haiku bot, Wikipedia bot.


Mods, we block them all?"
can we opt out of the playoffs?
"Doesn’t it suck? Watching a team that doesn’t run for 2(if they’re lucky), then slant with a missed catch, and then slant with an almost interception, and then kick it? 🥲"
Oh fuck Watt’s hurt
watt was totally held and still got there.
Watt getting hurt would just be the icing on the cake. Fuck man
"I love my Steelers,but they are such a disappointment over the past 4 games.....Offense and Defense are playing like total shitbirds...."
"But hey, 20-3 Jets."
Whose #11 on the Steelers don’t think I’ve seen his number in weeks. Are they allowed to use him?
Damn that was a good playcall for us but that was just good ass defense on their part
1st and goal at the 1 and you run it ONE TIME. HOLY FUCKING SHIT
WHY DO YOU HAVE A FULLBACK IF YOURE GOING TO DO THIS
SIX tries inside their 5 without a score. Fuck this guys.
Best drive of the day and 0 points.
Get the fuck out of the shotgun on goal line runs. Someone needs to tell Ben he’s a fucking employee. Take the snap under center. Sneak or quick handoff. None of this shotgun shit to allow the d penetration
We really can’t put our fullback in and try to run it in?
How does Finctner still have a job?
We're playing for a safety!!
Why. Why do we refuse to run on goal to go. And that lil inside handoff from shotgun is a wasted down too. Fans talk a lot about how they could do a better job calling plays. I think we all could right now. This is ridiculous.
"1st and goal in the 1 yd line. If you run 4 plays you have to get 9 inches per play and you get a touchdown.
We lost a yard. 
It’s just so disheartening."
"Ben, you don't deserve that drink."
"Is there any sort of even half dynamic player we can use as a QB in goal line situations out of the wildcat or something? 

Like we can't run at all, Ben can't move, and he has no velocity on his throws anymore. It's so easy to just dominate us up front and defend the pass in a condensed area. 

I would literally pay Cam Newton just to come on the field for goal line situations. 11 rushing touchdowns this year. Could help us on third and short situations too. 

Saints solve the same problem with Taysom Hill...7 rushing touchdowns."
"Unpopular opinion

These players are mere clones, and the real steelers are hibernating underneath Heinz Field, resting for the playoffs."
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
Randy finding page 2 of the playbook at halftime was pretty cash money of him.
Maybe it takes Ben 4 weeks to charge that laser now. Being 40 is a bitch....
"It’s amazing how easily this team is motivated by a quick score or big defensive play. All it takes is one little thing to light a fire under them. It raises the question, if they can flip it on this easily, why can’t the coaching staff just get them motivated going into a game?"
WE DIDN’T GIVE UP A THIRD AND LONG?WHERE DID THIS TEAM COME FROM
Of fucking course he gets hurt
Why is Diontae back for PR he is too fragile for that
Possibly a turning point for the season. Are we going to go three and out or go down and make it a one possession game?
Momentum is a hell of a drug
Did Ben just find his arm strength lol
There’s still a ton of time for the Jets to fuck this up
Rivers whining? That's rich. Refs have saved from being destroyed by watt multiple times
Fuck Philip Rivers’ non swearing bitch ass
"Jesus Rivers, the ball was tipped after the receiver was tackled lmao."
That pass to Washington was about 40 yards of a bullet.
LETS FUCKING GO TURNING POINT OF THE SEASON
Still nervous about not having Boswell in
If this is what we're capable of... why don't we do it more?
Even when we lose I won’t care that much because we’re showing some life
"wow boys, whatever happened in that locker room @ the half should have happened 3 weeks ago because this is kind of fun again"
"It’s nice to see the adjustments, genuinely.  Ben letting the ball rip has left them discombobulated."
"Stillers offense like covid : just when you think it's going away, a 2nd surge in December.

Well, we can hope anyway"
Not to jump the gun here but after those two drives I am confident that we will win the next twenty Super Bowls
I don’t even know what the deal is anymore. I complain that Ben should retire but then he comes back and leads two straight scoring drives to get us in the game. Is it because Randy is a dumbass who refuses to throw down the field? I don’t even know what the hell is going on anymore this team has me fucked up mentally. But win or lose I’m happy that they’re at least trying to go downfield and fix their woes.
"Hope hes okay, but ironic his last name is Holden and hes an OL XD"
THROW IT TO MINKAH RIVER BOY
We’ve got ourselves a game now baby
1st man on the ball is making the tackle or stopping progress. That is a big change from the first half.
It’s almost like the defense feeds of of a successful offense.
Should I have hope?
We ran for more than a yard. We're going to the Superbowl
"No way false start
Edit: bruh"
Chiefs are losing to the Falcons BTW.
Chiefs are  down. Imagine if we end up being the #1 seed lol. We'd definetely be the worst ever #1 seed for real and I would love it
"Turn on TV: down 24-7 “yup I’m going for a run”

Come back “how did THIS team get 2 TDS in 30 mins”

Back to the run?"
Juju scoring a go ahead TD to make r/nfl cry
"CAPTAIN FATFUCK, LEADER OF MEN"
Kinda depressing JuJu didn't really celebrate like he normally does :(
"New team, who dis?"
"""Fine I'll just dance in the endzone then"" -Juju RN. All the  haters and disloyal fans can shove it. Kids got chops he can dance wherever tf he wants"
"Even if they lose this, it’s good to see some life in this offense."
I don’t know about you guys but FUCKING PSYCHED
Mike Hilton is the 3rd best player on this team behind Bud and TJ.
A defensive interception too? This half has it allllll
Best half the Steelers have had in 2 years
plz resign Hilton if we have the room <3
Mike Hilton for student council president.
Fuck yeah thank you from a titans fan
"It's like the 11-0 team just... showed up in the middle of a game


I'm literally at a loss of how it disappeared and how it returned"
This offensive playcalling is refreshing as fuck
Is JuJu our new RB1?
Juju taking over the game real talk
"Big first down Jets.

It's all coming together."
[deleted]
He was down in bounds!!
Oh mama I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law
Why Can’t we throw it past the chains on Third Down?  So Frustrating.
Jets are going to win
*turns on renegade*
pick would be nice rn
"Oh mama, I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law..."
"Our clock management is really frustrating sometimes. Why run 3 minutes off the clock, then hand it over and have no time left if they score?"
I love how Tony and CBS won’t go back to show that Diontae was clearly down in bounds.
I see another Minkah play in the end zone
Claypool better knock that shit off
That should been a pick cause I really wanted it to be.
"The refs give, they take. We can't even complain about that considering how much we were gifted today."
Refs trying to bail out the colts now I guess.
we fucking did it
Highsmith is on to something with that spin move.
"As a Washington fan, it was fun popping in here with you boys, congrats!"
so does this count as us beating a good team?
"Holy poop on a stick. That was a huge turn around. I’ll admit I was a Debby downer earlier, but damn if that game didn’t shape up nicely."
I cant believe what i just saw lmao
"I really don't want to be negative. I hate it. But seriously - what the fuck have they been doing the last 4 weeks, other than acknowledge that they have to play better?

It's not enough to step in front of the cameras after the game and say ""we sucked"". You actually have to do something. This is garbage.

We still have a defense that sucks on 3rd down, just allowed a TD and an offense that just went 3 and out. We continue to fail on the opening drive while letting the other team score.

I sat through 4 crappy games, I suffered through two games that were on at 2 am for me - if they can't get it together by the end of the first quarter, I'm turning this shit off."
I think Ben needs to go back to the porn and the booze. Get that man a bottle of Grey Goose and a laptop right now!
"What a wasted opportunity... we could have been playing like this all season, and locked up Trevor Lawrence by now!!!"
Ben should be benched just like any other ineffective QB would be. We have nothing to lose by putting Mason in there to see what he can do.
"Tony Romo is dropping truth bombs about Tomlin’s coaching history. He sticks to the game plan whether it’s working or not and refuses to adjust while the other teams impose their will on them. Truth hurts, he’s correct."
"For the 80th fucking time, it does not matter who is the running back if the line gets pushed back 5 yards every fucking play."
Legendary coach Mike Tomlin allowed the Colts to drain the clock when it was 3&15 within their own 20 l m a o
"""they have to show something that they haven't shown in a month"" fuck off Jim"
"Watching them celebrate that stop is sad.  Hey guys, they ran right down your throat again and got more points. smh"
"You can go 99 yards one way, but if you don’t get that last 1, the drive doesn’t mean shit. 

Momentum *K I L L E R*"
Tired of hearing that Pittsburgh can’t run the football. Pittsburgh chooses not to run the ball. They do not put the QB under center and try. The only hand offs are slowly developing draws out of shotgun. This is ridiculous and not acceptable for this franchise.
"0-3 since I raised my xmas tree. cursed tree gone! sorry to SteelerNation. 

Let's Go!"
Quick reminder to everyone that the key to happiness is managed expectations.
How many times are we gonna need to start with the ball. I hate starting with the ball
Well that’s not a good start
It’s incredible how quickly this team has completely imploded. Strip the roster of anything of value and start over. This group is done.
Wtf is Randy’s opening script? This is pitiful man
TJ Watt is amazing.
why are we so bad
"If these opening drives are any indication, we're about to get powerfucked."
People better be getting fired after this season. So help me God if they fucking bring randy fichtner back. This is a fucking disgrace.
Too easy
"3 and out followed by the colts going right down the field with ease. 

Lookout lions, were gunning for the biggest blowout of the week."
Jesus! What a load of SHIT!!! Offense comes out with 3 short slant routes that were all incomplete. Now the Defense is getting CARVED up. What a shit show.
What an easy TD run
I wish we had fans in attendance so they could boo the shit out of this sorry ass team
So when you can run and pass the game is a lot easier
Buttery smooth drive. Going to be a long game.
"Well, shit. 

Shoulda been an INT"
We’ve become a joke
"Frankly, this is already too many points for the Steelers to overcome"
A 16 second drive and then the Colts drag us 70 yards for an easy as pie touchdown
I honestly feel like there isn’t a team in the nfl that we can beat.
3rd & 8—> 30 yards allowed. 3rd& goal TD allowed.
Wtf do they work on in practice at this point
It sucks because this year was our last hurrah. Roster is getting decimated no mater what after this season. To go out as a flaming bag of garbage is so disappointing.
"imagine having an offense that doesn’t take 3 quarters to warm up, wow"
Change it up offense. Two slants and a 1 yard rush.
Insurmountable deficit
And Ben hits DJ deep for 8 yards
First down guys. Get the champagne ready
Does Ben realize we have other receivers on our team besides Diontae?
That run feels like it should have been an easy first down.
Oh O-line can't block? Welcome to our offense.
A another great block by big al! Woo veterans amirite guys?!
"Berry most improved player award, so happy with how he turned it around."
Villanueva is worthless. Downvote I don’t give a fuck. Take your blinkers off and actually watch the game.
"It’s a little too late in the season to tank, don’t you think?"
"Im just wondering on which skills they practice on practice days? Like fucking hell, how can you make the same mistakes for 4 weeks without any sign of improvement"
they are so bad when they only need 1 yard its laughable
Bye big Al. Fucking hell
I have to laugh to not cry.. 11-0 with legit super bowl aspirations feels like seasons ago not weeks.
We're pathetic
"It's crazy we line up with half a yard to go and you just know, there's no chance we can run for it whatsoever.

No hope.  Only chance is to throw it, but everyone already knows that, so throwing it is rough too.

How many other teams feel so hopeless on third and half a yard?"
"Ebron whiffed on a block to get Conner the first and then Al does the same next play, just soft"
WHAT THE FUCK DEFENSE
Our blitzers just ran right on by the RB lol
"A QB sneak on 3rd and 1? Gee, who would’ve thought that’s the smartest play to do..."
"Is anyone actually optimistic about our ""playoff"" game? If we couldn't win a single playoff game against blake bortles with prime ben, bell, and brown, we are gonna get creamed with the rotten corpse of this ""team"""
Wish Edmunds had a better nose for the ball
"Maybe if we played in the first half this week like we did in the second half last week, we’d have a chance."
"if i remember right the only 1st quarter points in like the last 6 games have come from Haden's INT return 

LOL"
The question is will we see Ben throw past the sticks this game?
"If Ben doesn't retire, then we are gonna waste this defense. Even then, we will need two years to get over Ben leaving. 

We will need to dedicate this off-season to the O Line. And the year after to O Line, QB, and RB. Our entire offense is dependable."
Okorafor lmao
Chuks Okorafor blocking fucking no one.
Tony is spot on. “ Too many 3 and outs with the talent they have”
What a fucking clown show
This offense.... Smh
I don’t even get excited for Steelers football anymore 😔
41 million for this QB play next year
6 straight games without a score in the first quarter. SIX.
I appreciate Tony’s positive words
"When you dont have a running game, why the fuck even think about play-action! My 9 yr old nephew can tell you that from just playing Madden."
"This first quarter was all you needed to know about this game. There will be no adjustments. Our only hope for a score is a pick 6, a fumble return, or a kick return."
"If Fichtner isn’t fired the minute after we lose the wild card game, might as well not tune in next year either. This dude blows."
It feels so much like Ben is just collecting a paycheck lately
And the colts just matched the Steelers total yardage on a punt return
Watch us not get a TD
[deleted]
We absolutely need to resign Hilton
Are this new Steelers socks working?! I don’t know but I’m leaving them on!
"This thread: TJ is a god. Literally everything else about the team, management, refs, weather, colors, sunlight, moonlight, play calling, beer flatness, coaches... is shit."
"See guys this offense is THRIVING 

(As long as the defense can give us ball within 4yds of the end zone)"
Our offense last year was better than our offense has been playing the past 4 weeks.
It causes me physical pain to see us struggle for 2 yards and then change the channel and see actually efficient offenses
GIVE TJ MAX THE SUPER WATT!
"Do NOT take a drink every time Romo says ""play downhill.""  You will lose consciousness before halftime."
TJ is locking down DPOY today.
I get irrationally angry just seeing any other team complete a pass over 5 yards
Fucking Watt gets held 24/7
How tf is that not a hold on TJ
Big time hold on watt
The refs should just let them tie a rope around TJ at this point
HOW IS THIS NOT A HOLDING? UNBELIEVABLE.
TJ WAS FUCK8NG CHOKED
Call a fucking hold you blind fucks
Holy shit!  Can we get a hold on watt???
Maybe that’s why our tackles suck so bad they don’t hold enough
TD JETS. hahahha
If you get paid for tj getting held you could probably buy a couple hundred thousand dollar sports car with the amount of times he gets held
If the browns lose we need to rest everyone next week
So jealous of teams that can run it three straight times and get a first down
They are holding every fucking play
"Well they can't get any more first downs if they're on the goal line.

Checkmate, Rivers"
Weren't the Colts missing BOTH starting tackles?
Terrible tackling.
"Defense is so weak without Bush, Spillane, and Dupree."
They just ran it straight at us 8 times in a row because we can't fucking stop it
So it’s just Watt and Hilton on defense today
At least the Browns are losing?
Spillane wouldn't have been that fucking soft. Embarrassing
I refuse to let myself be emotionally upset anymore by this bullshit.
Colts are a good team. This should be shocking no one.
"I feel like we need a run for no gain in this series, just to spice it up"
Wide open wheel route or triple coverage
ᏴᎬΝ ҒႮᏟᏦᏆΝᏀ ՏႮᏟᏦՏ
"The Steelers and losing yards on a pass, name a more iconic duo"
Does anyone know why we aren't using Claypool?
Throw in the Oklahoma Mouth-Breather. Couldnt be much worse.
"How on earth did we go from world beaters to not just taking a step back, but to complete and total trash?"
"Serious question, at one point do you have to bench Ben? Anytime soon? Or are we just riding it out until the end because we don’t have a better option?"
3rd and 9 and a pass behind the LOS. Shocker.
3rd and 9 and they call a play that's a target at LOS.... just pathetic.
Ya I know bens deep ball isn't good but when we go 3 and out every drive then why not take a couple 15 yard shots at least
3rd and 9 and we lose a yard.
I think it’s entirely possible we don’t win another game this season tbh
This games headed for 49-7
"I don't complain when we don't fling it when its 3 and 17 because why, but fucking THROW IT SOMEWHERE BEYOND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE"
Maybe Ben can call Vontae Davis and retire at halftime
"This O-Line is absolutely atrocious. Can’t run block at all, can’t give Ben more than 2 seconds on 3rd and 9... This is terrible. Blame Ben, blame the backs, blame the receivers.

The line is the first thing that needs overhauled.

No wonder Ben looks terrified back there."
I can't believe our last hope are the Jets
This team really deserves to be booed from the fans rn and I'm so pissed it's not possible
Use claypool...we have other receivers besides johnson...
I’m starting to think Fichtner is secretly a ravens fan
Y'all gotta tune into the Jets game. This is the real matchup. We already know the outcome of this. NY could fuck around and get this
"Uk it's Steelers offense when you see 

1. Ben throwing a ball into coverage

2. Getting to third and 4th down and punting 

3. Seeing Ben take off his chinstrap looking surprised and disappointed"
All that time Ben spent on his new arm just to throw the ball 1 yard
Hell.
Other teams must be so happy this offense gives them an extra day off! No need to watch tape from 5 games when we do the same thing every game.
[deleted]
Worst 11-3 team in NFL history.
Defense be like nah offense you stay on the field lol
Fuck it. This games over. They won’t do what needs to be done and they’re seeing the result now.
"I’m gonna say it, I feel bad for the defense. Fuck this shit"
"Wait, are you allowed to throw it beyond the line to gain? Is this a new rule or something?"
We are fucked. Jesus this is the biggest derailing of a team I’ve seen in ages. Hard to believe this team went 11-0. Insane fall.
"This isn’t what playing to Ben’s strengths that he has left looks like. This is trying WAY too hard to cover his weaknesses. Cannot win football games with, incomplete, run, pass behind the line of scrimmage on third down, punt."
[Steeler defense right now](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/AbleNeighboringAfricanporcupine-mobile.mp4)
Dude I don’t even want to be in the playoffs at this point. What’s the point? All it means is we get a lower draft pick.
Every player on offense should be cut
Ben does know he has claypool and other receivers right?
I think we'd lose to the Jets and also to the Jags in a rematch
Just throw one deep. Just show us you can.
What the amount of knockdowns you would think Ben was only 5'10.
The obligatory deflected pass.
4 completions but we haven’t passed our own 40 yard line
Is Fichtner aware that there are plays besides slant passes available to run?
I don't think that was catchable to JuJu
Every fucking play is this quick inside throw that’s incredibly dangerous. It’s crazy
"THROW IT DEEP YOU COWARD

Edit: Thanks big guy, I knew you could do it :'-)"
Let me guess. Diontae crossing across the field for a 2 yard pass?
nothing like a lame duck of a throw on third and long
Bench the whole offense. Kick Randy out of the stadium at the half. Don’t even validate his parking
"Ben said ""what? that was a bounce pass"""
This is just depressing man
"Wow, that's a throw that Ben should know he's done now."
Ben looks so confused. His arm really is done.
Body language is a huge problem for this team they all look demoralized and it just keeps getting worse
"Heinz Field would be booing every drive...

Steelers are lucky they don't have fans."
"Ben's elbow...AWSOME.

Ben's shoulder, bicep, tricep, forearm, back, thighs, knee, ankle, eyes.  shit"
Fire Randy at halftime
I think the most annoying part is that they don’t even try anything different
Tomlin you have 3 TOs lol
WHY DONT THEY TAKE A TIMEOUT????
Wtf Tomlin. Call a fucking timeout...
Tomlin come on man. Use a to
">why didnt the steelers call a timeout here? 

They've given up."
TOs aren’t like airline miles. They don’t carry over.
"Why the fuck would we not call a good damn time out, what a fucking joke we’ve become. This is pathetic"
"What an absolute fucking joke, players and coaches. Why didnt we take a timeout??? This is atrocious."
Living in our fears and things of that nature.
Embarrassing from Tomlin not to take a timeout. This guy is a joke
Romo called that whole sequence. Tomlins too fucking stupid to see what’s going on. Pathetic
Wow what absolute garbage coaching
I'm a Tomlin defender but you can't pretend randy was the one who didn't call a timeout.
WHY EVEN ATTEMPT TO PASS NOW!?!??!!?? WHY NOT SAVE TIME IF YOU WANNA DO THAT LMAOOOO IM DONE THIS IS CLOWNERY
Lol Matthew Wright no need to warm up bud
I’ve said this many many times before. Mike Tomlin has the worst time management in the history of the NFL.
I trust Wright over Ben right now
I’m usually all for blaming fichtner but in this case you can’t even blame poor play calling. Ben can’t make a throw further than 8 yards apparently.
We literally got as many yards on this drive as we did the rest of the fucking game. Wtf
I respect the commentary lmao
Lol Ben just padding stats with that throw. That's embarrassing.
Well we have 10 quarters left of the 2020 season.
Ben can’t even get it the end zone I bet
73 total offense. Putrid.
Good thing we saved this last timeout and didn’t use it on the Colts’ third down...
Throwing short still wtf
We throw it to the 20 on a Hail Mary...
Hello! I welcome the sweet release of death
Didn’t even try the Hail Mary. I fucking hate this team
If I’m Tomlin I’m fucking every paper towel dispenser up in sight at the half
It's gonna be comical when the Steelers and browns both lose and the Steelers fall backwards into a afc north title
That failure to call a time out is inexcusable. Bench Ben and coach better.
"Good news, we’re not over rated anymore."
At least my high blood pressure peaked in the first half.  I should be much more relaxed in the second half.  It's a relative thing and the art of Zen.  Copious amounts of beer help too.
Let Derek watt run the ball on just one drive. Anything to spice it up. He has to have more talent then snell
Take a shot every time Ben says his arm isn’t bad after today’s game
Well...at least the Jets are beating the browns
If we lose out (including playoffs) do you think we say goodbye to Fitchner?
Haha. Now we can add clock management to things we’re laughably bad at.
I think we suck.
Wow Vince Williams has been awful. Should’ve just let him sit and get conditioning back
Time for redzone for the rest of the day
"At this point I'm almost ready for them to say fuck it and rest everyone the rest of this game and the Browns game and hope they come out more physical and energized in the wildcard, It's just getting uglier and uglier"
Help me Mac Jones. You're my only hope
we just got the best drive we’ve had yet going deep yet we keep throwing short... why do you hate us Randy?
4 rush yards...holy hell
Ben not really himself :(
HERE COMES THE POST-CHRISTMAS MIRACLE HALF!
Who is 49? Man is tatted up
I definitely think Tomlin is a great communicator but I do wonder if he wouldn't mind communicating with his offensive coordinator about the state of his offense.
We have been the imposter the entire time.
Not willing to change the team that has failed for 5 weeks. Tomlin needs changed then.
It's been 45 days since someone on the Steelers offense made a play
"this team can't come back from deficits.
rest up.....run the ball, try to get healthier."
The biggest collapse in sports history
[deleted]
This season was a tale of two teams and this tale is making me cry.
"Sack streak still alive, if that means anything."
The awakening begins with 3 consecutive passes to Diontae
How big was that? Not fucking big enough. Down 17 points when your offense can't produce might as well be game over.
"I love the comments about how bad the defense is right now but they fail to realize with the offense going 3 and out every drive, the D has been on the field pretty much the entire game so they’re probably worn the hell out 🤦🏻‍♂️"
Jets are up 20-3 now. Unbelievable.
We don't deserve the North
Yeah. Start throwing to your 6'4 beast of a receiver once you're down 3 scores in the 3rd quarter
"5 wide with 2 to go. 

Very Steelers."
Tfw the announcer is a better play caller than the coaches
Lmao fire Randy Fichtner today
This team fucking sucks lol
We had like 5 good plays before we filled our diapers on the field again
Claypool has to fucking catch that pass man Jesus. You can trust a single player on this offense to make a play.
I would’ve rather seen them run it four times
Isn’t Steelers football run it up the middle 4 times from the 1 if you have too!
That’s Steelers football right there
"Hey guys, I'll be in the corner cheering for Jets if you need me."
"Wow, 2 good passes that got the hopes up a little and they just shat the bed after wetting it all 1st half"
Is there a reason Conner isn’t getting any of the touches when Snell has been straight garbage today
Is it too early for the post game thread?
"Lol Fichtner. One run attempt and it goes to Snell who is far from a power back. 

Can we please fire this guy already?"
if any of these FUCKS put on a we run the north shirt after Cle loses I swear to god
It’s hurts worse after the 11-0 start. If we were 3-11 right now I wouldn’t care this much
"On the plus side, we have a good Pittsburgh Dad episode to look forward to."
There is no reason why you should run from shotgun on the goal.  The box is naturally stacked.
Hey this jets game is pretty fun to watch
Can you imagine the boos if there were fans at this game
"Oh good, TJ’s back in. Hope he’s okay."
5 rushing yards. 5.
"Give me a ""P""!

Give me an ""athetic""!"
And I'm done. Later guys. Go jets!
"Keep thinking back to TV and online comments a month ago that I thought were crazy that called the Steelers the worst 11-0 team in history.  On a positive note, having Ben back is 3 wins better than last year.  The holes this year due to lack of run game and injuries will make the playoffs brutal."
WOW DIONTAE
WHAT THEE FUCK
Well shit on my tits.
FINALLY BEN THREW IT DEEP HOLY
You’re welcome guys. Went to take a shit and the play happened during it
Why does this offense only ever wake up when we're down by 17
That actually gave the D their fire back.
It’s like the fucking flick of a switch..... how?....
"I still don’t trust it. We need to string consecutive drives together, this offense needs to find the spark in *this* game so were at least somewhat ready for playoff football in two weeks."
DJ and a non-contact. oof.
"Okay Roethlisberger, I have the crow marinating in some spices now and the oven is pre-heating."
Someone better take Phillip to get some French cries and a wah burger.
"If we win and browns win, we still win the division??"
OK. So ... what's different?  Seriously.
"""Flacco Special"""
"“Fuck it just throw it, there’s a flag down there somewhere”"
"Whatever they injected Ben with, I'll take 2 please"
Funny thing the moment Conner came in to block things got better hmmmm
Man crazy what happens when we aren’t running slants every play.
WE BROKE 20 POINTS!
i dont understand why we dont do this in the first half
Take me back to the 11-0 team
Have any of our actual players got more yards than the brilliant DPI today? 🤔
[deleted]
Where was this like what changed?????
They must have injected Ben with some good shit during the half.
Is this gonna be like the last two games where the offense gets momentum and the defense kills it by giving up the score?
Cam you sexy mofo
Fuckin' yeah!  Big man gettin' some LUNCH!
Chip Chopped Cam
I fucking love Heyward
Heyward has been fantastic today and every day
Why do I feel like this is Space Jam and we drank the Special Stuff at the half.
Imagine holding the ball and taking a hit from Heyward instead of throwing it away not a smart career decision.
"This is it. This drive will dictate how the rest of the season goes. We've seen the defense step up when matters and you can be damn sure they'll show up in playoffs. But if offense can't come in clutch like kobe then that's all just a tease without the finish. Let's see what big Ben has left in his mamba mentality.

#24#8"
Cam Cam the Bam Bam Man
"Don’t give the browns a chance to win the division, let’s go steelers"
"Even the underneath routes are opening up, because we've thrown the ball down the field at all"
"Cle misses the XP, down by 4"
"Guys, tell me how to feel. I don't understand the concept of getting first downs and not punting. I have forgotten what to do."
I missed Conner ngl
This team went from the Any year browns to the 2007 patriots after one halftime lmao
False start? I’m sorry what?
Conner > Snell
How the fuck was Ebron flagged for that?
A WELL DESIGNED PLAY CALL WHAT AM I SEEING
He sold that lol
Amazing what happens when you use your running back.
Game ball to the refs
"A pump fake???


Who the fuck is in the 7 jersey?


Cannot be the same human being as the first half"
lol. I don’t understand how Ben can go from looking so bad to very good like this
Did Ben get a fucking injection at the end of the 3rd?
"""First lead in 10 quarters"" yikes"
"He ShOuLd StOp DaNcInG

LFG Juju and Ben"
"Juju! 

Now you can dance my guy"
"Noodle arm Ben

Right guys? Right?"
The offense has a pulse!😭😭😭
"Praise JuJu

He needs to be more involved"
Just imagine if we played a whole game like this.
I really REALLY don‘t have words for this team but I can‘t live without it
WTF I went to make some Christmas returns and now we’re winning. Is it me? Should I stop watching?
Can we keep this version of Ben?
What a fucking pump fake. Tale of two halves for Ben.
Lets fucking gooooooooooo!!!! But I’m confused af lol
Hilton having a fucking game
HE'S NO MOTEL SIX HE'S A HILTON
TJ for sure saved a TD there. Mad man.
Send the brinks for Hilton!
The swagger right now compared to the first quarter!
MY NIPPLES CAN CUT THROUGH STEEL
Mike Hilton makes plays like Rivers makes babies.
We need to flair all the fair weather Fans from first half. Give em the clown flair.
PAY HILTON!!!
I wish every half was second half 😔
Imagine if we played like this in the 1st half
*smug Tomlin face*
Just keep the clock moving and march down the field please
"Juju heard y’all talking shit.

STUNT ON THESE HOES"
"#All y'all need to listen to Romo when he talks about how short passes count as a running game and that deep passes open everything up.

That's our offensive scheme and it's not bad."
Time to bring in Derek Watt in the eye formation for the first and only time of the entire season. Third and one. Get a first down. Win the game.
Diontae was 100% still in bounds. Should have gone to the 2 minute warning
He was tackled in bounds
"Not sure if it's a reviewable play, but seems like DJ's elbow came down in bounds and Tomlin could have challenged that. Still short of the first down but it runs at last 25 seconds off the clock"
His elbow was down in bounds.
Thanks refs. Clearly down in bounds. Gave the colts an extra 25 seconds. Not to mention the terrible spot the play before.
Why would you go on a balance and stop the fucking clock on third down? I mean this is amateur shit right there
Well the jets seemed to have secured a W so that's a good sign should things go sour
Claypool lucky he didn't get a personal foul
Minkah has stupid good ball tracking skills.
Rivers is a fucking pro.  They've used like 30 seconds on 10 plays.
one more pick or huge sack
Wouldn’t be a Steelers game if I didn’t have 9 heart attacks so this is about right.
KEEP THEM OUT THE ENDZONE
That PI call really fucked us. Also offensive PI right there; Hilton shoved him. Refs are shit.
THAT SPIN MOVE SON
Ball game fellas. We turned it on in the 2nd half
"Highsmith, 2 great fucking plays"
"Largest comebacks in the Mike Tomlin era. 

2015 vs Broncos - 17

2017 vs Bengals - 17

Today vs Colts - 17"
Kings of the North!
THE KING OF THE NORTH!!
My heart rate is higher than my sex drive right now wtf holy shit
Fuck all you first half haters! Congrats true believers! Division champs!!!!!
WE DON’T CONCERN OURSELVES WITH LOSING OUT OR THINGS OF THAT NATURE
B-B-but ThE REfS. SUCK MY MOTHRR FUCKIBG DICK WE’RE THE KINGS OF THE NORTH
"Holy crap, I’m drained. That was a great second half."
I’m shocked as hell. I’m happy for the win but I am shocked as hell.
What are the chances we see any highlights from this game on r/nfl
No heart. They’re finished
"It is super frustrating to see that if even the plays were made and throws were caught, they still would go three and out because they are never longer than 6 or 7 yards, sometimes 1 or 2 every play"
Ben puts the B-E-N in bench
Now we’re going to have a half assed comeback attempt and run out of time. Colts have done a good job of controlling the clock today and if they score again there is no coming back.
They should put Rudolph in. We are in the playoffs. At this point we are playing with house money so why not see how good Rudolph is
"You guys ready for another week of bs excuses?  Gotta play better , not the best right now, find a way blah blah blah?

At least Pittsburgh dad videos are good."
"I just took a broken vacuum into the backyard and beat the living fuck out of it with a crowbar. I will spend the 2nd half cleaning up the pieces, but damn that felt great. Steelers are not going to ruin my day off anymore."
Rookie this Rookie that I just hope we utilize Claypool
Who’s ready for pain
"God, Pittsburgh is a gorgeous city. Never a bad aerial shot."
Terrible throws by ben so far
Still no changes?
Great start
I hate this super zoomed out camera
Had positive vibes going into this game then Dionte drops the first ball and I’m done.
Stop throwing to Diontae
I really miss being able to run the ball.
3 Drops I need a beer.
Groundhog day.
"Lmao what does this team do all week, like hey guys we are go out there and not make adjustments."
SACK STEAK CONTINUES
“Number 1 defense”
They’re really going to lose 5 in a row while giving the division to the Browns and then get bounced in the 1st round.
"Playoff caliber team, we are not"
We couldn’t beat the Jets now. Worst team in football.
I hate watching this team play... every week we get worse somehow.
Lmao we are an embarrassment to the sport at this point
cant wait to get dropped off week one of playoffs
This is fucking getting embarrassing
This team is an abject disaster.
Holy shit we're getting ran all over early
Game over. Time to turn the channel
Well. It's gonna be one of those days again huh
[deleted]
Man I wish our offense could move like that
There goes the division boys
"It's okay guys, the D is just trying to prepare the offense for Patrick Mahomes."
"Wtf is going on?!??!? Holy shit I’m sick of this. Fucking adjust get your heads out of your asses and play for Christ’s sake. This team looks like they’re accepting defeat before we even step onto the field just like the fans. The attitude on this team is piss poor and the coaches aren’t doing shit to fix it and they’re not doing shit to adjust our game plans either. This team is a fucking joke I honestly preferred watching us last year cause that team always exceeded my expectations, this team thats showed up the past 4 weeks is honestly worse than last years team and doesn’t play with the same heart at all."
We're a meme at this point. It hurts my dudes.
Not watching this mess sorry guys it’s almost worse than watching Rudolph and Duck
Chuks Okorafor is sooo bad. Did not realize how big that Banner injury was going to be when it happened.
"First down


Stiller's goin to a supabowl"
Cool a 5yrd pass. Just need like 75 more of those and we'll be fine.
I challenge Ben to throw a pass farther than 10yds.
Two in a row for DJ wow
There’s a reason Diontae gets so many targets with his drops it’s because he gets way more seperation than anyone else
"Lol without Ebron ""blocking"" that's an easy 1st down."
Our line can’t block and even when they do our running backs hesitate and lose out on yards because of it... unbelievable.
Ben has literally no accuracy anymore
O line is pathetic
AV is garbage.
Eric Ebron managed to split two defenders on that run. He really is fucking terrible blocking
"Big Al, I love ya, but you’re fucking cooked my man"
"Sure would be nice if we had a QB who could sneak.

Nah, let's hand it to Smelly Benny."
Villanueva is just absolutely lighting money on fire.
Our OLine is so fucking bad man. What a fall off
That offensive line has fallen SO far from a just a few years ago.
AV just got owned. Again.
This is why I was so sad when Munch left
Let’s go for 2 pts
Should have taken notes from the bengals offensive line
Second worst rushing team in the nfl wow really there is a team that sucks even more in the run game than us?
Here comes a 95 yard scoring drive from Phillip fucking rivers
"If they play this fucking ""JING A LING A LING A LING"" song again in going to lose my mind."
At this point I’d legitimately like to see Chuks at LT considering he profiled there out of college. However that would be with a healthy OL which we don’t have.
Whiff by Bince
"O line is bad. Can't pass block, can't run block..."
That’s what’s a RB that can make people miss can do
Wow a qb sneak! We don't do that here.
I can't wait to see people bitching about the announcers today because they don't say enough positive things about our team. If we did something positive they would comment on it. If we keep struggling they are going to talk about us struggling. That's how it works.
3rd and short: throw it long.  Steelers special ;)
"If Ben is not in the shotgun, it’s a run play. Colts defense knows this. Hell everybody knows this"
Hilton! Great series.
We're scoring this drive
Hilton > Hilton
3rd and 17? Yeah let’s just throw a short pass
Stop trying to dink and dunk like Tom Brady you need a fucking run game to do that
"The offense has so many problem, OC aside. Might be an interesting draft."
I love AV.. but he is done
"If there was fans at Heinz Field, we’d be booing the team at this point."
"Play fart noises and clown music when this offense is on the field, may as well make them feel at home."
Our oline is such trash
I am straight up not having a good time.
Hey guys just want to ask why the hell Ben won’t throw it more than seven yards at a time?
O-line is so so so bad. No relief in sight either.
This shit starts with the O-line. They can’t pass protect and they can’t run block. What the actual fuck do they do.
"If they lose this game I wouldn't play any starters against Cleveland. Fuck that division title. If fatigue is a problem, rest everyone. If they still lose in the playoffs then they didn't deserve it in the first place"
unfortunately this is the worst short yardage offense in the league
"Ok offense, it's just 3 yards. You can do this, right?"
These 3 yards ain’t gonna be easy
I hope Watt wins DPOY so this year doesn’t feel like a complete waste
THEY DID A THING!
Offensive line is so bad they don’t even trust to run it at the goal line
im glad they proved me wrong. but it was close.
Its ugly but ill take it.
6in felt like a mile for us.
GET THE FUCK OUT OF THE WAY REF
"Last week: There seemed to be some success in the run game, what changed?

Benny Snell:  they called running plays."
Struggling to get 3 yards
A rushing touchdown.  I must be hallucinating
It only took being at the 3 yard line and 4 plays....
Hopefully that’ll be a mental turning point for us
How sad is it that the commentators are this excited about the Steelers being able to get a rushing TD from the 1 1/2 yard line. Lol
"Defense has to help keep us in the game. I don't trust the offense enough even after that ""drive"" given they almost pissed it away."
[deleted]
"We have such a great defense but the problem is in the 3rd and 4th quarter when they've been on the field for most of the game and they start wearing down.

Fuck our offense."
Where's the hold on TJ?!?
No hold!?
HOLY HOLDING ON TJ WTF?!?!?!
Well if that wasn't a hold on watt.  I don't know wtf is
"TJ in a half-Nelson, no flag... cool, cool..."
Watt held by the neck. It’s happening every play.
How do you not call that holding
If you guys want a break from the misery peep the Browns score
How is that not holding on TJ watt.  What the actual fuck
They literally had TJ in a choke hold lol
Lmao we’re gonna clinch cause the Jets
I see these refs are also not calling holding at watt. Shocking.
"Now watch that Colts coach gets fined 25K for not having his mask on, and Harbaugh get COTY"
How more obvious can a fucking hold be
We might win the division today boys! Go jets lol.
Must be nice having an elite RB
People complaining about our D are pathetic..they only can do so much but if the O can’t get anything going obviously they will be tired and worn out
We forgot how to tackle again
It's hard to watch this team fall apart
Can't play good defense when you never come off the field.
I've lost pretty much all faith in this team.
Last year averaged 22 holding calls per team. This year is averaging 13 calls per team. They arent calling it.
"3 fucking chances to get him. He still scores. 

This team is just fucked. 2 long drive and it took a turnover and a penalty to gift our offense a touchdown."
Watt needs to start punching the tackle in the nuts and poking the eyes. Let’s see if they call that.
This team is soft
Run Run Run punt
"Do the Steelers not contact the league about all the ridiculous holds that don’t get called on Watt? I know teams get like apology letters after games, but you’d think they would take that as lessons to call games better in the future."
Must be nice to have a good RB 😂😂😂
Watt the only defender to show up today
It would actually be better if we could miss the playoffs. It's just going to be a beat down from whatever team we get matched up against. This team has fallen off of a cliff. They're literally one of the worst teams in the conference now. Your record is meaningless when you play like the last place team every week.
Colts are very good. Tough matchup. Hopefully our offense can get some points and give our defense a rest
Is Ben trying to set a record for “most ill-advised pass attempts in one season?”
Claypool didn't have a person within 15 yards. Throws into triple coverage.
Put Mason in. Ben has zero vision
Put Mason fucking Rudolph in. Ben looks like the worst QB in the league.
It might be worth getting covid so that I could go boo in person
If Ebron has 3 defenders. who is in man coverage and cannot get open?
just put rudolph in. At least he won’t be afraid to get hit
I just love all these throws that don’t even make it back to the line of scrimmage we’re seeing the past few weeks.
Just forfeit the playoff spot. We will get embarrassed.
"Three and out! Who saw that coming


5 straight weeks of the SAME fucking THING. 

PLEASE fire someone already."
We have thrown short on 3rd and long 3 times this game. It doesn’t work at all and hasn’t in weeks.
Here comes the minkah pick 6
3rd down? Better put the ball at the line of scrimmage
"Look, I know Ben looks pretty bad right now, but give him a pulled pork sandwich, a beer, a cigarette, and 5 mins alone in the locker room with his fav porno and he'll start slinging after halftime"
"I’m as optimistic as a fan as they come, but good god is it getting hard. You’d think the offense would get lucky occasionally and find some blown coverage or something. Sheesh"
Love Ben but I've seen enough.
Yeah honestly I don’t wanna play in the playoffs
Someone gotta go.
Fichner is so fucking bad
3 play 0 yard who is surprised?
That may be the first time I've ever seen an illegal block in the back on the kicking team. Steelers football.
"Stop pulling the fucking guards, they are too old to get out in front and actually block someone"
"If the Browns lose do we clinch the division? If they beat us we’d have identical division records but we would have a better conference record giving us the tiebreaker, so I think Steelers win or Browns loss clinched division. We could use next week to rest players"
Cant let my dog out for a piss without missing the whole drive. Sad.
I expect nothing and I'm still let down.
"Hey, let’s throw a 2 yard crossing route when the LBs don’t even disguise that they are going to drop back 5 yards deep for containment."
This team fell off a cliff
Wow this team is a joke LMFAOO
FUCK THIS!!!!
"Our offense is stale and predictable.  At least the defense is good, until they are exhausted and worn out."
"Well, shit"
If we’re gonna lose might as well start resting people at this rate so we get pissed on a little less in the playoffs
So that's what passing the ball looks like
I've never seen a team collapse like this unless they were totally destroyed by injuries. What a joke
We aren’t winning another game this year
Crazy to think this team is going into the play offs.
"Good, put Ben back out there to go 3 and out again.  Just get this shit over and out of reach so the Colts can start running the clock in the second half."
Rivers throws a better deep ball than Ben right now.
Tommy Maddox will save the day.
I always laugh at the shots after we get scored on of Ben taking his jacket off like he isn’t gonna go there and out lmao
"Is there any particular reason we don't do the no huddle anymore? Is there a reason or just out of a complete lack of trying anymore? The offense appears to be literally not trying at all, if there was such a thing as a ""prevent"" offense, this would be it."
Wow. Our defense sucks now too. This team is terrible. Worst 11-5 team ever.
"Minkah jumps the underneath route, gives up the deep post. That's not a great decision."
Let’s just kneel the rest of the game
Rivers is a year older than Ben.
Offense is totally broken and I don't think we can fix it this season. I'll cheer until the moment we are out officially but just being real.
ANDDDDD following the footsteps of the offense..... defense is regressing!
Hey at least our media will ask TikTok questions and nothing worth asking.
"Fuck it, rest everyone next week and hope it gives us something for the playoffs."
"Ben is not the only issue here but his play is clearly a problem. He might be injured but he also may have hit the wall. It comes at you fast, Manning in 2014 had picked up where he left off in 2013 and then the rams game happened. It may just be time."
Jordan Berry isn’t gonna have any foot left by the end of this one
They call holding there but Watt can't buy a fucking call.
"Teams that are leading by a TD or more right now: Cincinnati, NY Jets.

Teams down by a TD or more: Giants, Chiefs, Steelers.

WTF?"
While we’re mad at fichtner can we start some Danny Smith slander
It’s cute that ppl are still having faith..Be real with yourselves for once. This team is done and they’ve been done for a while now.
7 carries for 4 yards.
"Can we get a QB, a RB, and a new OL in the draft?  Oh and a corner and depth at LB."
"Haden has a 15M cap hit for next year. He'll be 32.

only 3M in dead cap if he's gone"
"Third and 10, let's run a draw play babyyy."
"3rd and 10, can't wait for the screen pass."
Incoming missed slant and colts TD
How many times do these drives have to fail before we attempt to switch up the play calling? Same calls every drive.
Bench Ben
What the hell was that garbage
"The future is now, old man."
What the fuck was that pass??????
Ben doesn't have it anymore
LMAO IT WASNT EVEN CLOSE TO JOHNSON HELLO?!?!?!?
"Elbows gone, knees gone, spirits gone."
"Okay, I'm usually not like this with Ben.

I've had it though.  That throw was 10 yards short."
Woo that's a 41 million dollar qb right there!!
our offense was un ironically better last year.. and it was anemic last year..
just put rudolph in
Ben looks like he's wondering what he's doing on a football field
Thank god we signed another tight end in free agency instead of a backup qb
Yea Ben’s arm is too weak to throw deep and the defense knows it.
"Oh my lord. Couldn’t get the ball to the receiver. Rudolph or Dobbs need to come in for the second half, this is getting embarrassing"
Hurts my heart so bad to see Ben play like this
What frustrates me the most is the look on Ben’s face every time he throws a shitty ball. Always looks like he thinks it’s the receivers fault.
That throw oughta be enough for Ben to hang it up. My goodness
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK WAS THAT THROW
Can somebody tell me where the throws to claypool  went ? I’m not saying that solves all the issues but he’s just disappeared from this offense for no good reason .
Juju looks like Shang Tsung sucked out his soul before the game.
"We can all say Mason might be worse, but at the very least I'd watch the game. I'm out, if the Steelers don't see the product they're putting on the field and feel they need to make a change, then there is no point in me caring."
Tomlin has a losing mentality lmfao. Why not call a timeout?
Oh my god call a timeout Jesus
Is tomlin really gonna let this fucking clock run out? What a fucking joke.
"""Why didn't the Steelers take a timeout right there?!""

The announcers asking what we all were thinking."
TAKE A FUCKING TIMEOUT WHAT THE FUCK
Ben should have to explain every offensive play to TJ’s face.  Damn that guy deserves better
Nice clock management
The Steelers not taking a timeout there is them giving up
NOW YOU CALL TIMEOUT. THE FUCK TOMLIN
This coaching staff man wtf
"""The offense hasn't scored 20 points in a month""

Just gets worse the more you dig into the stats"
Tomlin come on dude what the fuck. Played like a fiddle what an ass
Dear God how do you not call a TO there
I love Tomlin but God damnit what the fuck
No time out? We don’t care
"I’m typically always the one to defend Tomlin, but this team looks like they’d rather be anywhere else and that’s on him. Not saying he should be fired but something has to change."
So.... we don't want to win?
"HAHAHAHAHAAHH FUCK OFF, IM DONE"
MIKE TOMLIN IS A FUCKING MORON. CALL A FUCKING TIMEOUT.
tomlin is either dumb or cant swallow his pride 5 seconds after he knows he should have made the decision
That wasn’t great Rivers.  It was bad by Tomlin. You call timeout as soon as the tackle is made.
WHY THE FUCK AREN'T WE CALLING A TIMEOUT
Could have had 45 seconds with 20 yards to a FG. Fucking hell.
"Mike Tomlin costs his team a possession... don't worry, the way the offense is clicking you surely won't need it."
"Unbelievable, how do we not call a timeout there? Why are we all at home yelling timeout? What in the actual fuck are we doing?"
We look like we’ve given up
So ray ray gets tackled without the ball and that is a-ok?
Imagine if we actually managed the clock
Caught at the 40 but doesn't fucking matter because whatever idiot is in charge didn't think an earlier timeout was necessary.
Let the middle school soccer player try it
No timeout? thisvis disgusting
"If I’m Art Rooney, I’d be FURIOUS"
Would be nice to have 30 More seconds here
"""out with a groin"" made me laugh lol"
It's ok. We got 4 timeouts in the 2nd half
ben would rather just get the yards so he doesn’t look as bad. so terrrible. no spirit
Can Ben not reach the end zone from 55 yards out?
sure glad we brought that timeout to the half with us
I still think flinitcher is worse than tomlin
Would’ve had that first down with about 35 seconds left instead of 2. Coach T straight up likely cost us points there.
"It’s teams falling apart in literally every way possible. Bad coaching. Bad clock management. Bad line. Bad qb. Defense gassed and injured. 

It’s bleak at best."
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That take on the field goal was good. He’s an aerospace engineering guy so maybe he has some out of this world leg
"Just an embarrassing performance, coaching especially."
That throw tells me Ben's arm is done. He doesn't want to risk injury.
Maybe Ben takes a poop and comes back better.
"Only 3 more yards of offense until we're in the triple digits, Let's gooooooo!!!!"
"I'm... speechless.  Simply speechless. Absolutely nothing working, at all.  Nothing redeeming but two plays. The whole half."
"Ben’s not throwing deep because he can’t. Either his elbow, knee, or combination of both is hindering him"
"Why not try the field goal there? I know 58 yards isn’t easy and it’s a practice squad kicker, but I’d be more confident in trying that than Ben throwing a Hail Mary 20 yards short of the end zone"
We don’t deserve to win the division at this point
Lmfao 11-6 incoming
*long whistle* they suck
"Two pro bowlers on Steelers o-line, you would never guess that"
"Wish they had a crowd. Maybe a stadium full of boo's would knock some sense into em. Probably not, though."
So no Rudolph
Highsmith was being held but Riveron doesn’t believe in holding anymore
Tackled him where he would have been if we managed to kick a touchback. Time to celebrate incessantly
the players look like they dgaf
This is a miserably bad football team at the moment
Are they literally ever gonna call holding holy shit
Defense is giving up now
[deleted]
We couldn’t beat the Jets if our lives depended on it
Every play someone is wide open. We’re more exposed than a nudist at the wrong beach.
"It's an effort thing at this point, defense has no hope so they're giving up"
The wet paper curtain.
"Did they put Ben in on defense too, because they can’t stop shit right now"
Are we actively trying to lose?
We have too much talent to be this fucking bad. What is wrong? That's what makes me so mad. It's inexplicable. They just don't even want to win.
This is what it must be like to be a browns fan
Our defense has given up and I can't blame them.
Seasons over confirmed
Oh great now Watt is injured.
">T.J. Watt comes off favoring his knee. Training staff on the bench taking a look.

if not for bad luck they would have none"
Well we couldn't score 24 if Indy played 7 men on Defense for the 2nd half. When do I turn it off and move on with my life?
"Sooo anyone else notice TJ point to his knee?? If we lose him, kiss any last postseason hope goodbye. He’s one of the lone bright spots on this team the past few weeks."
"Tuitt got to 10 sacks, first season with double digit sacks"
"J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS

ahh who the hell cares, were garbage"
If TJ is hurt we should just forfeit our playoff game
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS JETS
Finally we see Claypool
Everyone who clowned on Spillane and asked for Williamson instead. I hope you got what you wanted
Did I just see Ben break the pocket holy shit? Find it baybeeee
Who the fuck is this number 11?  Where has this guy been?  Why don't we throw to that guy more?
Claypool exists.
Literally same thing we did last week in the 3rd quarter.
Why do we continue to play like crap until we're down?
It’s almost more frustrating knowing we are capable of moving the ball like this and not doing it but twice a game.
"Just get claypool involved. Good things always happen.

Edit: And of course I jinxed it"
Randy’s second half scripts are light years better than his opening scripts.
"I hate to pretend to be as smart as the coaching staff but when the calls to go deep and target claypool start as rumblings in subreddits, then evolve to demands from announcers, then gets put into action and it works I start to seriously question why our million dollar coaches took 4 weeks to figure it out."
Benny Snell fucking sucks at short yardage situations I don’t know why he is always the choice. He refuses to even try to get in the air on the goal line.
"Hint: When you run out an empty backfield 85% of the time, teams will know you’re going to run it when you suddenly drop an RB in!!!!"
That is the series I officially give up on lol
"4 plays, 1 yard needed. Ball turns over. Jesus christ."
Wow we are rotten from the inside wtf Mike
FichtnerOut. I FORM UP THE GUT 4 FUCKING TIMES
"Shitty playcalls from Fichtner, slow and inside from Ben.

Everyone’s contributing."
The last small piece of my soul just left my body
That holding call on ebron would have been nice but we have got to get 4 yards somehow there
4 plays on the goal line and we have Chase in for 1 fucking play. Unreal
WOW- That series hurt more than all the other 3 and outs combined
This lack of TD lays on Benny Snell’s shoulder. We’d be better off having the QB kneel than give him carries in short yardage situations. Absolute garbage player
Obviously they have no faith in the running game... heads need to roll
"Fuck this team right now. 

The one sign of life they show and this is the result."
Should've taken the field goal...
Well at least Ben showed up that drive...
fuckin waste of a solid offensive drive.
Why not run 3 times to get 2 yards???
This is now a jets subreddit
Fitchner's playcalling is just pathetic
I honestly would've just taken 3 at this point as a confidence booster. What a disaster
Where tf is Derek at? Put him in!
"Those weren't bad passes by Ben, but I just wish we had a more mobile QB who could take off and run on these short yardage situations. Give defenses something else to think about"
Can we give our playoff spot to a more deserving team?
8 plays from the 1 yard line
"I'm so absolutely thrilled that we have to rely on the Jets winning to get the division.

That is just awesome."
Winning the north doesn’t mean much if you’re one and out in the playoffs
Safety makes it a two score game
Congrats to juju on a 50 yard game
[deleted]
I’d almost rather the Steelers not win the division so it can’t be used as a shield for how bad they are. Harder to knock the “afc north champions” than an 11-5 first round exit team.
HOLY SHIT A DEEP BALL TD!!!?!?!?!
BEN IS BACK
Oh my Ben can throw and diontae can catch wow
HOLY FUCKING SHIT! A DEEP BALL COMPLETION
Thank Christ
did someone just photo shop a td video onto the screen?
Best ball Ben has thrown in like a month
"Fuck it, LET’S WIN THIS SHIT"
Okay so that’s two beautiful deep passes by Ben on the last two drives. Hopefully he is magically back.
Throws a pass for more than seven yards: touchdown
Don’t give me hope...
The late comeback to fail at the end I've seen this before.
Let this be a deep ball confidence booster.  It’s time to balance this offense
Don’t give me hope
Momentum is a real thing
Time for a Rivers INT to Minkah
The Steelers have just now taken the field
Ugh DJ hurt himself on the tarp going out
about to be 20-10 Jets over browns
DJ coming up gimpy after the punt return :(
"10 pt lead with a quarter left isn't that much, under normal conditions. The question is - are we in normal conditions with this team?"
What the hell do they give these mfs at half time
Where’s the Rudolph guys at?
the quick pass bs has to stop
Fuck Phillip Rivers
"Rivers can't swear, one of his 27 kids might hear him"
Wtf are you doing there Claypool?
Clay pool needs to take the positive yards.
Good job Claypool...running 5 yards backwards will help.
Claypool?
We need another Jerome Bettis.
We have 5 rushing yards....
Only think I can guess with Claypool is he thought he was going to take a big hit and was trying to juke. Not a great decision but I don't think it's necessarily dumb.
If I googled Phillip Rivers whining you wouldn’t see me for a week.
God bless DPI
"Colts so shook by Ben throwing deep now, don’t know what to do besides PI"
DPI is the best receiver on our team
I have so much hope. Please. .  . . .
lead block by juju. lit
SUPERBOWWWWLLLLLLL
"“Great drive by Pittsburgh” wow, when was the last time we heard that??!"
"Ben has magically found some arm strength, hallelujah!"
I hate this sub so much lol
WE DID A THING!!!!
Have the offense just been sandbagging all of us the last 5-1/2 weeks?!?
5 total rushing yards and only down 3. I’m not even mad that’s amazing.
I can't believe they're actually scoring points.
Twilight Zone season continues. Now we go on to win the super bowl. It's the only outcome that would make sense at this point.
They didn't practice for Ben throwing accurate balls passed 10 yards and now they don't know how to act 😂
[deleted]
"Has Fichtner adjusted, or is Ben calling plays that actually stretch the field for a change?"
Tomlin finally got his coke shipment for the team. Best coach ever.
PICK SIX TIME???? MAYBE?? IUNNO
Why have the Colts abandoned the run?
Play Renegade
Renegade time
HEYWARD WITH A TIMELY STOP
That Heyward sack was like that James Harrison commercial lol
CAM MOTHERFUCKIN HEYWARD
Please Steelers I beg of you
Onlyy thing we need is them getting 3rd& outs or max a FG this whole quarter!!! Letsgooooooo idc how close it gets. Get a W fuck the Browns.
#5 FUCKING SACKS.
love how we made adjustments this half. both sides of the ball
"Ben went to Phil and was like, ""Please bro, I need this one!"""
Are we back????
It's crazy how good our defense is when our offense can give them some breaks
Imagine at 2 pm thinking we might win and the jets might lose
"So I looked at my flowchart...


Big run + complete passes = Tomlin good"
Nice to see Dotson in there mauling
[deleted]
"Need this, kicker obviously can’t kick that"
[deleted]
That was a little divey
Did Randy fail to come out at half time and they let Canada have a crack?
THIS TEAM WILL BE THE DEATH OF ME
Juju really trying to earn his tiktok privileges back
You love to see it!
DANCE JUJU DANCE
"You all sucked the joy right outta juju, man won’t even celebrate"
JUJU!!!! FUCK THE HATERS!!!!
GET IN HERE!!! The offense is doing something!!!
THE CROW IS ON THE PLATE ROETHLISBERGER...
I honestly feel like I could cry right now
I really still don’t get it
can ben be our OC for the rest of the year? not even joking
i’ll say it again the mvp of this game is Connor he came in and changed the game with his blocking and clutch play making
This is what happens when you let Ben do his thing. Restricting him to short quick passes really limits him
Win or lose I’m doing shots tonight
This is the best game of the season for the Steelers if we win
Juju hugged that football like it was Boujee
"I just don't understand how they can turn it around like this, it must have been mental adjustments."
Ben comes back to life after being dead for 4 games!
SEE GUYS THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU STOP PLAYING LIKE A BUNCH OF LITTLE PUSSIES. LET’S FUCKING GO
Win the fucking division and sit EVERYONE next week.  Let's fucking go.
Happy 45th bday Terrible Towel..
Corvette corvette
PUMP FAKE BEN MADE AN APPEARANCE!
Did juju dance on the steelers logo at half? May be they're pissed now.
um so what is the difference?  Does Ben just start calling adjustments in the second half?
Superbowl is back on the menu boys!
HILTON AGAIN FUCK YES
Is Rivers going to grab Hilton again like he did last year lolol
Game ball mike Hilton no question
just what we needed. holy shit.
INTERCEPTION
PAY THIS MAN
I JUST PISSED MYSELF
To all of you cry baby fair weather fucks. Please get the hell out.
Bro hilton is gonna get snatched up by Rivers again
ALEX HIGHSMITH STEPPING UP WHEN NEEDED
I could bust a nut right now
Complete opposite of Cinci game
So...I might not go to my job again. During my our losing streak I worked a new job. I may quit.
"""Well that's as good as a run.""

This statement hurt..."
Chiefs just won on a Atl missed FG
JUJU HAVING A FUCKING GAME TODAY
I’m boutta bust SOOOO HARD
Thank god we’re back to being the best team in the NFL
"Juju and Conner football.

Remember when the Steelers offense relied on those guys?"
Ok but the Kansas city chiefs are piss lucky
Falcons you suck.
 Young Hoe No!
I have supreme confidence in the D. Let’s fucking go
DJ really fucked up there
God damn his elbow was in bounds
He was in bounds.
Trash the ole 96er
How do you guys even watch football
"MAKE THE STAND.

SACK HIM"
Who's going to make the play?  Heyward or Watt?
I hate that we gotta put our defense in this situation but they gotta come through.
Ebron Knew that play haha. Was yelling adjustments from the sideline
As far as I'm concerned DJ was in bounds on that third down
"One more stop baby. Another hold they got away with, on Highsmith that time"
Punt it you cowards
"Jets are up by 4, about 3 minutes left on the clock, they are on Cleveland's 11.

If the Jets can pull it off today but we can't I'll be very sad at work tonight."
"You can NOT commit that penalty, fuck"
Claypool you absolute mad lad
They call that but ignore Nelson getting facemasked on the same play?
Oh god I don’t like this
Turnover please...
I’m so nervous
"Holy shit they did it


This crazy sons of bitches


They did it"
"OH MY GOD WE WON A GAME

GUYS WE WON A GAME"
Vgshhhdjshdbdbhdvd. D s d. Sbdb d. Dbwbbwgvsvv!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He ran into Edmunds intentionally. LMAO! Nice try buddy.
I was scared they were gonna throw the flag there.
NEVER IN DOUBT
YES FUCK YESSSSS
Football is weird
Hey fire tomlin people....STFU!!!!!
This is the win THAT turns the season around and starts our super bowl run!!
The cardiac arrests did it again I'm having a hard time typing
IT IS INSULTING WHEN THEY COMPARE RIVERS TO BEN
I love it boys let’s fucking go it’s been a long month this makes it worth it
WHERE ALL THE HATERS AT?????????
IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT THEN YOU DONT LIKE STEELER FOOBAUUUUUU
"Well. I'm sorry guys. My wife hasn't watched a game since the Dallas game. We've been getting progressively worse and worse. She sat down and thats when DJ and Ben hooked up for the diving TD. I haven't let her leave the room since, and informed her she is not allowed to miss another game."
"Wow, this game was a shocker.  Back to being the cardiac Steelers.  Beating a good team helps to wash away the memory of losing to Washington and the Bengals."
"Now I don't have to give a fuck what happens in a Browns-Jets game.

Sanity is restored."
"Lucky we won, colts played awful that second half. Glad we got into our groove but man it was bad that first half"
The Colts are legit everywhere. This is a big win.
Just as we planned. But seriously that second half shows what they can do. The offense needs to play like the 2nd half team not the last month of dink and dunk.
"Ben is done....it really came out of no where but he really is done. His fire, the mental, the physical....he’s done. If the Steelers allow loyalty to keep Ben beyond this season, they’re gd fools."
"What I wouldn’t give for a quarterback who’s not a 38 yr old whale. There needs to be a serious offensive overhaul this offseason. Not like it matters because we’re in cap hell anyways. But it’s pretty much time for Ben to retire, a new OC, rebuild the offensive line. Too bad by the time that’s all done this defense will look completely different too. So depressing man. 11-0 season wasted."
"Defense decided if the offense isn’t going to show up from week to week, why should they?"
"Tomlin’s staple is beginning to become the December Collapse.

So much for unleashing hell."
[deleted]
Imagine losing 4 in a row and still getting the Division Title LETS GO J-E-T-S
"I am upset we are not scoring more touchdowns against our opponents, the Indianapolis Colts."
That's it. My last hope is gone. This team won't win another game this season. I am so fucking disappointed.
"Holy fuck, we’re gonna lose the division."
Sick throw Ben.
"This is probably the first time in the Ben era I had no hope they can overcome a 14 point lead,  especially with an entire half left"
"Ben is washed, the O-Line can’t hold a block, and the saving grace defense has succumbed to injury and attrition. Season over"
I’m not sure what to expect from this team. A month of failure from this offense and we refuse to adjust. This isn’t just a matter of execution.
"Okay I know our offense can't move the ball further than 5 yards at a time and consistently gets three and outs, but all they need is three touchdowns in 20 minutes. Lets go! WOOO!

Two pick sixes, a safety, and a punt return for a TD."
17 points is more than this offense is capable of scoring in a whole game.
17 days until hockey.
Fine for Rivers for the mask?
Who the fuck is the wr coach telling them to jump back 7 yards before running it
HEYWARD JUST MADE RIVERS HIS PERSONAL BITCH 😂😂😂😂
"I love it, thank you so much to the people who were trashing me for questioning if they were even real Steeler fans because of their absolute wild doubts from 5 minutes into the game."
Well let’s see how many stupid people come out to the game thread today.
"**I HAVE GOTTEN MY HOPES UP YET AGAIN AND AM READY TO HAVE THEM SWIFTLY CRUSHED**

HERE WE GO MOTHERFUCKERS THIS IS OUR HOUSE!!!! 💛🖤"
"Jesus Christ, the defense is fucking asleep. This is what I expect from the offense, not the NuMbEr OnE dEfEnSe"
"That one was for all you casuals who thought ""bringing in a fullback"" would be the cure."
AV is legitimately fucking terrible.
Who’s everyone rooting for in the AFC playoffs? I’m thinking Bills?
I don’t think Roethlisberger gives a fuck anymore. He’ll throw into quadruple coverage when we don’t need a big play and he’ll throw an underneath route that goes nowhere when we do. There’s just no words anymore man. This offense is pathetic.
Ben and Rivers are the same age and he could never make that throw anymore.
Ben retiring is by far the best option for everybody involved
So this is what it felt like to be a browns fan all these seasons huh
Well boys I had to shut it off. I can't stand to sit and watch the exact same game for the third week in a row with absolutely no adjustments or changes being made to try to shore up the offense that is absolutely just hemorrhaging at this point.
This month on Days of Our Steelers
i hate to say it but.... put rudolph in
"I always laughed at the ""Bench Ben"" folks. BUT. Diontae was open, Ben had time, and Ben threw it way too short.

Can he physically not throw it anymore?

Edit: May Myron Cope forgive me my sins. I lost faith in our boys."
Tomlin is pretty much Marvin Lewis at this point.
"I love Big Ben and everything he's done for steelers nation but im sad to say i think the wheels have come off.  Im not mad, im just sad."
Can Romo suit up at halftime?
Really bad clock management. Even if the colts are trying to hurry take the timeout and force them to make a play on 3rd and 18. So soft
Dumb fucks. That's 3 weeks in a row they mismanaged the clock before halftime. I don't know what to make of it.
I don’t believe Ben could throw it to the end zone at the end of the half.
Please be a Christmas miracle and put the red nose reindeer in. For fuck sake let's try something.
Maybe our 11-0 start actually was a fluke and realistically we are an 8-8 or 9-7 team and the easy schedule played a big role. Maybe we deserve like the 7th seed or to miss out again. Idk
"After watching them lose to the friggin Bengals... I can’t see them winning today. Less than 20 points offensively in the last 4 games... it’s an official trend, not a 1-off"
"Instead of beer in stuffing myself with Christmas meats and chocolate.


LETS GO"
We’re gonna win this football game
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall in the players only meeting called by Ben
"> Steelers K Matthew Wright kicked a 46-yarder in warmups and then move to the other side and never went past 40

Yikes"
Man I can’t remember the last time I wasn’t excited/nervous to watch a Steeler game
"Letsoooooo Boysssss. Im nervous as fuck but yeh, always have been. Get them W"
This team is pathetic.
Well I guess the Defense has to score all the points today
3&out as always. Nice
"Ok, so no lessons learned."
Perfect start guys
GO GO Steelers :DDD
this team is pathetic every week
Ben is so off target
There’s no way we went thru these last 3 weeks and come out with the same shit
Good punt... Trying to find the positives...
This is really sad. Ben is done.
Dude this fucking team...change nothing and expect different results. The fuck is wrong with these guys?
This offense has to be worse than last years with Rudolph
3 absolutely terrible throws to start. great
Only the jets have done more 3&out lol we suck
"Slant didn't work

Randy Fichtner *DO IT AGAIN*

Slant didn't work

Randy Fichtner *DO IT AGAIN*

Slant didn't work"
This is honestly the definition of insanity. Why do I keep expecting anything to change.
"An opening 3 and Out

Who could have fucking predicted that"
The streak lives!!!!!!
I can’t did we really drop 3 balls in a row off the same exact route
Why I got a feeling we re finished with just 30 secs of playing? All short passes have been incomplete/dropped and the run was 1 yard lmao.
Classic long 3rd down pickup. *Sigh*
C’mon Watt. Lock down DPOY today
We almost had a defender in the same camera shot as their receiver
So I guess we are going to spot them 14 or 17 points before we start playing?
Going to  be a long game.
Wide fucking open
Whoa whoa wait. You can throw the ball further than 4 yards???? Does our offense know that?
"This is what an offensive game plan is supposed to look like, unfortunately."
Should have started drinking before kick off.
I do enjoy a slow painful death
Hey stop fucking putting Watt on the sideline. Every single big play he isn't on the field.
So embarrassing watching this team right now. Have like 3 players who actually wanna play
"Man, this looks bad.

We're gonna get stomped."
Why do we fing suck? I’m so tired of this bullshit.
"Frank Reich and Randy, night and day"
Time to turn off the game before I get disappointed. Team is straight garbage.
Tomlin really unleashing hell again.
Ran right through. Fuck.
Worst offense in the nfl.
We're mediocre. I have to start accepting that.
This game is essentially over already lol
I can’t wait for pitchers and catchers to report
Was he even touched?
Ugh. We need to have at least 2 down lineman every play or that will happen
That td was so pathetic for us
Colts turned the difficulty to rookie on that drive
We goin 11-5
What the fuck happened to this team?
"Embarrassing. Just fade us. at this form, we will be one and out in the PO."
Really rough series for Sutton there.
Run the fucking ball please
Injuries are hurting bad
Can't blame the offense for the defense there.  It's the first drive so they shouldn't be tired.
This team used to look like they were having fun. Now they look like me on Monday mornings
I hate when the camera pans constantly to ben's face to show the dumb look on it after constantly fucking up.
If theres a game for Ray Ray to return one its this game
Take notes Randy! That is how you run an offense with a aging QB...
Hard to run when every pass play comes from shotgun!!
They are playing a single high safety and putting 10 guys within 10 yards of the LOS.
Good snag by DJ there.
JUST RUN CONNER WHY ARE YOU STOPPING
"No matter what happens this year, we need a new OC"
Improvement. Didnt take 28 mins to get a first down.
RBs have no vision
One thing y'all never discuss is how badly we miss having an elite tight end. What would you give to have someone like Heath Miller this year?
Should have been an easy first down if Conner just kept running.
Fire Shaun Sarrett.
We lose 2 yards on 3rd and 1. This is why we never run.
Cut Alejandro he’s big for nothing fucking trash
Nice o line push...geezh
Pathetic run blocking by this team
Sick so we don't have an o-line still?
Run blocking is non existent
hilarious how we thought wed get a 3rd and 1 with a run play lol
It’s time for Al to be benched
Old Connor would put his head down and make the fucking first down. Such BS man wtf is wrong with him
Any other team at 3rd and 1 'Yep there's a first down' Us 'Ah shit we're not getting a first down'.
Motherfucking 3rd and 1. What a fucking joke this year.
This has to be the worst running o line I’ve ever seen
We telegraph *EVERYTHING*
I hate to be dooming but this team is dead...no change from the past 3 weeks
Could we beat the Jets right now? Could we score against them?
Can’t. Rush. For. A. Yard. One fucking yard!
Embarassing
Defense has a good chance here to make a statement and I believe they will! But IF the colts drive 95 yards...... this game is pretty much over
"Villanueva needs to be far, far from this roster next year"
Ding-a-ling-a-ding-ding-dong-ding is our offensive coordinator.
Another drive where Claypool didn’t even get a look
Are they even trying? Real question. I wish Ben would yell at people instead of just looking hungry.
It looked so easy for the Colts to march down an score a TD. It looks so tough for us to even get a first down.
We used to call play action passes. Wonder why we stopped.
Steelers now 24 for 42 this season on 3rd-and-1 or 4th-and-1
"If there was a “wipe it all” button I’d be totally okay with getting rid of most of our WR’s, all of our TE’s, our o-line, QB, and every single RB. Now that I think about it, I’d probably only keep Claypool on offense lol."
It really is a shame that this o line with 2 supposed pro bowlers is completely useless. There's no push upfront for any run play and the pocket seems to disappear instantly.
even our defense has given up
FFS. Tackle him in the backfield!
I cannot remember a last time our RB made a man miss
TJ looks so defeated already. He shouldn’t have to carry the whole fucking team.
Imagine being able to run the ball
[deleted]
Steelers 0 for 6 in last six third-and-1s
"“Steelers have not given up a 90 yard touchdown drive” 
Give ‘em 5 minutes."
I love how even the announcers know what we are doing on Offense. They've been calling this shit out ever since the Ravens game. I'm sure the entire NFL was watching that and licking their chops
Resigning Hilton is a fucking must.
"Just clone TJ and Hilton for the whole defense, and Minkah"
"And again, Hilton continues to play his ass off"
Ah offense on the field. Time to turn to my 2nd TV and see how the browns fuck it up vs the Jets.
Gotta have 7 here - take advantage of the field position and re-set this game.
"We need to switch to a minimum of 20% down field passing.

Quick somebody tell Randy if he does that we'll get him a bucket of chicken for the end of the game."
Highsmith with two pressures that drive. Let's have some positivity guys. At least we got some good young guys
"That end around is going to get more that 2 yards one of these times


I just know it!!!!"
GO INSIDE DIONTAE FUCK
I really can’t believe what I’m watching. This is the worst offense in football. Not even that close. Remarkable.
"I like the end around call on 1st. It didn't work out as well as they wanted, but it was a good call."
Do we have an offensive line coach?
"Would rather just forfeit the rest of the season, this is unwatchable"
of course they don’t bite on the play action when we can’t fucking run the ball
We are so fucking bad lmao
Are we the jets? Or?
Is chuks retarded?
Nice shot downfield on 3rd and Long.  Fucking retards.
If this is the team that shows up in the playoffs then just eliminate us now
See why we don’t do Playaction? Our Oline literally doesn’t give enough time.
Chucks sucks.  Plays patty cake with the DB on the reverse instead of giving him the business.
It’s so frustrating being one of the worst teams but not getting the draft position of one of the worst teams
Fucking terrible
Our offense has been shit 2 years in a row
When’s the last time we scored a TD in the first quarter
Who does play action on 2nd and 8 after a first down run? I don't even do that shit on Madden.
This offense is the most cowardly group I have ever seen.  Absolutely lifeless
This team is really making me not want to watch football anymore
What is #76 doing?
A sack almost always ends a drive because the offense doesn't have plays to convert 3rd & long
My god this team plays like they’re not even trying. They’re just out there collecting paychecks. This is even more pathetic than last year.
WHY ARE YOU CHECKING DOWN EVERY THIRD AND LONG!? Ben doesn’t even want the first
Stop resigning these washed up lineman. To hell with what Ben says.
Just spoke with the Devil and unfortunately the ability to sell my soul for a Steelers Championship is no longer viable. I can get a first down though.
"I honestly don’t see how you could possibly keep Randy around after this year. It would be unforgivable, especially when we have a guy like Matt Canada on our staff."
Ben must be hurt right? I've never seen Ben go 3 and out this many times and never attempt a pass further than 5 yards. On 3rd and 16 he checks down for a 4 yard pass? Ben would always chuck a deep 50/50 ball in situations like that. I think his elbow might be done :/
"Chuks is absolute ass. I don't think there is a worse player on any teams line. Week in and week out this dude gets blown. Can't believe there was a ""competition"" between him and Banner. If that is the case it makes me feel very scared about resigning Banner"
Must be so demoralizing if your the D
"I just wanna give our playoff spot away. No matter the outcome of the regular season, we’re one and done. Hate to sound like a doomer, but this team has collapsed."
Al looks chonky
They should have plenty of motivation to win this game so starters can rest next week
"If we have already clinched a playoff spot, why not rest Ben for an entire week off?"
"Here’s what’s gonna happen. The Steelers will lose their first matchup in the playoffs, and then we’ll get a bunch of info about how Ben and the guys were all hurt, or going through something. It’s the same shit time after time. They never pull themselves in the moment for the better of the team."
Thank God he ran into his own dude.
This offense so bad they aren’t even gonna get a td here
TJ FUCKING WATT
A punt from here will really pin them deep.
Three points coming up
TJ Watt is the best Watt
How can First and goal turn into a 3 and out? We are about to find out lol
the only bad part of that fumble is that hilton didnt score. cause i have zero confidence that this offense can punch it in
How much you wanna bet they don’t get the touchdown?
Watch us still not score.
TJ HERE TO SAVE US
can we just put the D in to try to score here?
Bro GO UNDER CENTER AND POUND THIS SHIT IN. THIS SHIT SHOULD BE A LAYUP
God this is depressing lol
This is so sad. I can't believe how upset I was at a near scoop and score. I knew what was going to happen
Simply a bad fucking pass
One yard is like 10
[deleted]
It’s a Christmas miracle!
Fichtner has to be the most stubborn sack of shit in the country. Two straight empty sets at the 3 yard line??!!!!
Touchdahnnnnnn
Conner gonna be out rest of the season now
Holy shit was a rushing TD??????????????
"Holy shit we did it....

I am in disbelief."
Once again out D hides the issues of our O
Defense would have been pissed if not for 7 here
"So giving the Steelers first and goal, and MAYBE they’ll take 4 plays to get it in."
We Gained a yard!!!
Holy shit we actually ran a yard when we needed it.
That feeling when scoring from the 3 yard line is a major accomplishment
HOLY FUCK. DID WE JUST SCORE A TOUCHDOWN? HALLELUJAH
TJ watt 8 sacks today
Why are people saying Ben is done when so far we have FIVE drops this game
We just need to start at the 3 yard line each drive and we'll be good
This is hard to watch. Like we are afraid to play the way we used to. Jeez
Good job of the offense to put a band-aid on a gaping shotgun wound
"Yes! 4 plays for 3 yards for a TD. 

All jokes aside, huge TD there."
Have papa john's scientist gone too far???
If we keep this up we may win this game with over 100 yards of total offense
"Us getting beat by tight ends, what else is new"
Jets goin mess around a take penei sewell in the draft. Fuck you Cinci
How is everyone so wide open?
TJ Watt getting held so hard
Right tackle holding Watt every time
massive holding
Lmfao no hold looked clean to me
7 yard cushion? Bold strategy
Tj straight tackled 2 plays in a row
If that’s not holding on TJ what even is
WATT WAS IN A HEADLOCK
Colts should be in like a 1st and 30 on their own 10 with all these holdings
That was some mental holding
"So they hold him on every play and when they don't, Watt gets a sack."
Dude blocking watt has been holding and jumping early every play I swear
OKAY LETS JUST CHOKE TJ
He just choked him out
As Watts gets held! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 so fucking hilarious 🙄
"https://twitter.com/EvilMikeTomlin/status/1343268197554933763?s=20

This is truly unreal"
Imagine TJs stats if they would actually call shit. Like it would be double the sacks at least.
"Sick job to push the runner into first down yardage, Vince"
I'm still irate about the no call on Watt. Fucking what do you want refs.
This O-line is incredible.
How did this team get so soft
Dominated by a rookie running back lololol
Our rush defense is moist ass.
Put up a little bit of a fight defense lol
what was that 8 straight running plays?
It’s just hurtful to watch a team with an old ass QB and a running back that’s actually good
Love me some Steelers tackling
they need to stop the second effort
"The colts offense is going to be gassed in the 4th.


Playing right into our scheme"
Quick three and out and get the defense back out there.
I see my drinks will continue to get stronger and stronger as this game goes on..
Can't wait to watch this shit show again next year when nothing changes
Jesus how does that happen? Make a fucking tackle!!!!!
"how many tackles can be missed today, VW had 2 right there"
7 minute drive and the offense bout to put them right back on lol
"Having a good back is great, but having an offensive line that can actually provide some push/protection is what I miss"
What are you guys using to get through this game? I went with weed
It’s hard to be mad at the D - they’re the only reason we have 7 right now.
What a great effort by Haden on that goal line touchdown smh
at least the jets are winning
Now watch our offense go 3 and out in 90 seconds and put our D back on the field
If the Steelers go 3 and out this drive I’m gonna just turn on the Jets game and root for them
No losing seasons! Yes! Yes! Yes!
"JT’s a beast. On Wisconsin, but goddamn this sucks."
I’d be so satisfied if the Browns lost to the Jets today lol
That's why Ben doesn't throw past 5 yards.
Why does he continue to believe he can play?
Ben is fucking washed
Nvm triple coverage throw to ebron
[deleted]
Wtf happened? For 11 weeks we could at least move the ball.. wtf is going on?
Has a team ever started 11-0 and lost their division?
And a one yard pass on 10 yards needed
"Roethlisberger's obsession with Eric Ebron is kind of fascinating.

Infuriating, but fascinating."
"Fuck this playcalling. Idc if it’s Ben or Fichtner, stop calling these goddamn dump offs"
"Can we just punt on 1st down, feel like that's viable given this offense"
What the fuck is the logic with that play call/pass?
This team is so awful it’s funny. One and done in the playoffs
why is the ball only going to diontae
The play calling is just not it 😬
He threw that in less than 1.5 seconds and had pressure.
If the Browns lose to the jets can they win the division by beating us?
That’s comically bad
All our hopes of winning this division lay with the Jets
Need to pull Ben. I don't care who comes in.
"Lol 3rd and 9, let's throw it behind the line of scrimmage."
"I repeat, the bidet attachment on our toilet has more zip to it than bens arm"
What the fuck are you doing Randy??????
3rd and 9. Throw it behind the line of scrimmage...
Lol block in the back on the kicking team?!?!?
I love how Ben throws passes either one yard past or at the LOS when its 3rd & long. That's what happens when you're handicapped by a terrible line with a QB with limited arm strength. Terrible play calling on top of that
"Well for the 3rd week in a row, I have completely lost interest in watching this piss poor performance. Gonna play CK3 and keep the game on in the background."
"Is it too late to start the tank for Trevor?

Edit: thought it was obvious. /s"
28 yards of offense. That’s embarrassing
1 and 10 ray ray wide open the throws in triple coverage. 3 and 10 short pass to LOS smh
Fourth straight game where we're going into halftime with less than 100 passing yards
Ben is just staring down guys waiting for the routes to come open and they don’t and then he still decides to throw it. He is playing at a Duck/Mason level without any of the youth.
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS
Wish we had coaches that could make adjustments that work. Maybe these coaches adjust but man do their adjustments suck
"I'm by no means a big Rudolph guy, but I just feel like this offense needs to do SOMETHING to try and get started here. You can't just lay down like this 5 weeks in a row."
Feel like I’m watching last season with Rudolph’s check down offense
"It's crazy to me how bad this has gotten. Earlier in the year, Ben was hitting all of the intermediate routes, as rate as they were. I don't understand how he's gotten THIS inaccurate to where we would STILL rather stick with 2 yard crossers than give him a ten yard in route."
"I'm going to watch this game, but I will not enjoy it."
I’d rather put Joshua Dobbs in... At least he could bring some potential running...
Season is done
How exactly do we get a block in the back as the punting team? PIT Special Teams have been garbage for about a decade now.
"Still in the first half and we are down 6 minutes in time of possession.

I know it's not the most important stat but it says volumes about us right now."
Put in Dobbs
Defense is just as bad as the offense today
Lol. This team is so demoralised. Season was fun while it lasted.
"I want to laugh at the Browns for losing to the Jets, but I’m not sure we’d be any better"
Looks weird seeing an old QB throwing kind of deep for a TD..sigh
At least the browns are also losing
I wish there was some way we didnt make the playoffs
This isn’t even close to a championship defense that can carry the worst offense in the league. Too many injuries. This season is over.
"Ok clearly standing does nothing. I’ll remain standing for the rest of the half, but I’m sitting down at halftime"
qbs are allowed to throw deep?
We honestly would likely lose to the Jets right now. We have become the worst team in the league.
Honestly considering turning off and picking back up next season.
LOL. Bench Ben NOW.
"Imagine if we took shots down the field. This effort is a disgrace. Still not counting us out, but I have very low hopes."
Welp now we’re far enough behind that we have to abandon the run
This is bad. I deadass felt nothing when that play happened.
"Man rivers moving in the pocket, dodging the blitz, and takes the hit. I miss when ben could do that."
"If you actually expected something else than what you are seeing, I don't know what to tell you. Heads need to roll, soon."
let’s see if the offense changes something. probably not tho. prepared for the same shitty offense and play calling from the past 4 weeks that defenses read like a book
this team sucks. im so disappointed
Not a single player or coach put in any effort today
Early this year Ben looked great and rivers looked washed. Now we're getting destroyed and talking about giving ben the old yeller treatment. I'd rather be in the landry fields sweepstakes than go 11-0 to get sweeper the rest of the season and lose as a probable wild card team. Lol
This collapse is just mind boggling. I do not know where we went wrong.
What the fuck does Ebron have to smile about
"Prediction: Ben gets tackled hard ""hurts knee"" and doesn't return into the game. Ben doesn't get benced he was unable to return"
"We should just practice running the ball the rest of the game, nothing but 4 and outs"
What really hurts is the team is trash and were still going to pick in the 20s..
"We’re not a good team. It’s that simple. And we never were. The 11-0 start was only ever a mirage. Look at our opponents. We got flukey wins on a TD or less against Baltimore and Tennessee and wiped out Cleveland on an off-day early in the season while they were still figuring things out with a new coach. The other 7 were against thoroughly mediocre teams. We are the best of the bottom tier of the NFL. We will make playoffs, but it will be a total nonstarter."
"Holy shit, it's the same plays over and over and fucking over again"
Even Juju just looks like he doesn’t want to be there.
"Goodness, Ben."
someone ran the wrong route if that was to ebron it was on target
I swear every tipped pass this year would have been picked off otherwise
Of course
"With these small passes, the second they miss one of them the drive is over cause they can't get 10 yards on only 2 plays."
Playoffs? I just wanna win a game
21 seconds game off the clock between when Conner was up off the ground to the next snap.
I haven’t seen one pass on target. I haven’t seen any decent rush or pass blocking. I haven’t seen any decent tackling. When did this become Steelers football?
wtf happened to the offense at the beginning of the year
Is there a reason they don’t try a double move.  There are 10 guys within 10 yards of the los
THIS IS INSANITY. LITERALLY THE DEFINITION OF IT
It's the knee it's the arm by God the man (Ben) is broken beyond repair !
Good job Ben
"This season is like a fucking Twilight Zone episode. How do you go from 11 and 0 to this? And I know we weren't world beaters at 11 and 0, but we were a competitive team. We weren't getting steam rolled by every team that we play. This is unbelievable."
"God damn, that throw was just a microcosm for Ben at this point."
"You've heard of prevent defense, now check out the Steelers patented prevent offense. We've been in it since week 12"
"Please. Please for the love of all that is holy. Pull Ben out. I realize Mason sucks, but seriously, he can’t do any worse can he????"
"If Roethlisberger's arm ""feels fine"" then that is the worst possible sign. DJ is wide open for a first down there."
"That 3rd and 10 pass did it. Ben is clearly a big part of the problem, but thanks to someone's incompetence the team didn't address the glaring need for a backup qb after last season."
Bench Ben lets see if a change gives this team a spark or puts a spark on bens ass watching the game from the sideline
Something has to be up with Ben. Dude can barely pass the ball 10 yards down the field when he was easily throwing bombs 2 months ago.
BENCH BEN. HES FUCKING DONE
Ok this is just sad now. BB is a legend but actively hurting the team now. Of course we have probably the worst backup in the  league so it’s Ben unless he is taken out due to injury.
"Okay fuck Ben, I'll take my chances with the red hat Tomi Lahren simp... fucking spoiled for choice we are!"
You can’t make a case for keeping Fichtner or Butler next year
"Time to hang it up we will be one and done in the playoffs I have not seen one single fucking thing to make me think this team can turn it around by the time the playoffs get here.

Not one fucking thing can't run can't pass defense it seems is getting shit on too! running backs running wild secondary player's out of position d line getting pushed all over the fucking place this is just pathetic.

Gonna go ahead and say Cleveland wins the division next week PROVE ME WRONG STEELERS! goddamn get mad do something!! FFS and IF Cleveland loses today you still don't deserve the fucking division playing like this heads out of asses stop sniffing your fucking fingers and crack some damn heads!"
Is Ben physically unable to make that sideline throw to DJ?
Defense by ref flag.
We need that SpaceJam secret stuff bugs bunny gave the team.
🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆
No timeout? Wtf
[deleted]
Holy shit why wouldn’t you take a time out there
"That third and ten was enough. Can't watch anymore it makes my piss boil.

Ben's arm doesn't look like it's got anything left, that's not his fault. The play calling is so unimaginative it hurts to watch. Fichtner has to go and as sad as it Ben needs to get his arm fixed or retire.but why would he he gets 41 million next year. 

Next season is going to be tough."
Tomlin is a fucking joke and so is our whole coaching staff
Nice job Tomlin
Why the fuck did we not take a timeout?!?!
Tomlin can't manage time clock.  Never has
We were so focused on trap games this year that we didn't realize we are the trap game.
DUDE! HOLY FUCKING SHIT!
Jesus even our coaches have stopped giving a shit
Fantastic clock management
"Steelers rolling over, holy fuck this is inexcusable"
wtf wasted 30 fuckin seconds. take the gd timeout
Steelers not taking time outs after forcing a 3rd-and-18. This team is fucking gross.
I'm running out of complaints
what in the fuck man how do we go from such a good team to literally the worst team all around in the NFL in a month???????
Now we call the timeout. Such bullshit
What the fuck is this fucking team doing. What is this clock management.
I’m so baffled by all of that. Did tomlin just concede we’re going to lose this game?
"Who gives a shit if they go no huddle, call the timeout"
3 time outs and potential great field position. Does anyone even fucking care
Watch them take a fucking knee lol
Tomlin what the hell!
Why are you not calling a timeout?  That's fucking horrible
Insanely horrible coaching. Embarrassing. This is beyond bad now.
Well I said it earlier in the season but Tomlin is a fucking idiot.
JV coaching
There is absolutely no defense of Tomlin not calling a timeout there.
"Why do people wear the ""only 3 coaches"" thing like a badge of honor. The game has clearly passed Tomlin by."
"Guys, what do you think a timeout is going to do? Tomlin wants to go to the halftime. He knows the offense isn't going to anywhere even if we had all 3 timeouts and 2 minutes."
I’m fucking pissed. That’s terrible coaching.
how the fuck is no one in Tomlin's ear demanding he take a TO?? They should have 45 seconds and two timeouts right now.
If we aren't trying to win why don't we just play our backups the last two weeks? Can't be any worse than this.
LMAO whoever said it was gonna be 21-7 at half go buy a lottery ticket
They should bring Rudolph in for the Hail Mary here.
I love you Ben but it’s time
"At least we know Ben can throw downfield. Not on target, but the ball did go down there."
[deleted]
That was embarrassing.  Are they embarrassed?
we literally look like a high-school team
Should be nice to have another 25 seconds.
We’re lucky it’s only 21-7
Ben didn’t even stay in the pocket more than a couple seconds even for the Hail Mary attempt
At least throw to the fucking endzone 😂
This team is a disgrace.
Why not throw for the end zone if you aren’t gonna kick a FG?
"Juju def ""fumbled"" that in purpose to keep the drive going"
This is hard to watch. I wish I didn’t care so damn much. I wish I wasn’t so emotionally attached.
I’m just sad guys
Welp at least offense is doing better than last week. 5 first downs instead of 2 first downs and 3 turnovers.
"7 carries, 4 yards"
We should try throwing it longer a little more it didn't go horrible at the end of the second in regards to that
So...one and done?
4 rushing yards people. And here we all thought it couldn’t get worse than last week.
This is pathetic
We went from super bowl hopes to obvious one and done. Sad
Did Tony Romo just say people should get stoned and take shots? My dude.
Big hit by Marsh. I like it
"Man I gotta say it, Avery Williamson sucks"
"How does retirement affect the cap hit for Ben? I'm assuming it would go all the way to zero, but would we be better off short term and long term for him to retire or would it be the same as cutting him?"
[deleted]
Holding is now legal apparently
Hopefully this is Ben’s last year. He’s washed and there are bound to be better QBs available on the market
Avery Williamson brought over some bad luck from the Jets I swear
is there a worse tackling team in the league right now?
We relied on the defense for too long. We’re reaping the seeds of their exhaustion
Did Mark Barron pad up in #51 uniform?
"Getting blown out at home.

Truly pathetic."
This team is without its two starting tackles.... think about that.
Just when you thought 2020 couldn’t get any worse
🦆 🦆 🦆
[deleted]
Ran another 5 minutes off the clock and still got points.
Can someone pls Tell me as soon as TJ News are out? Im watching the German Broadcast they dont always get injury news
[deleted]
TJ and Hilton are the only two making plays on this team. I feel like we have so much talent as well.
"So if scores hold, the Steelers would win the AFC North, but have a decent shot at falling to the #4 seed, which could set up a a 4-5 match up with the Browns in the playoffs. 

The Steelers losing to the Browns at home in that match-up would SUCK."
The Steelers are gonna four game losing streak their way into a division title. 🙃
Another fucking hold!!!!!  Ahhhhhhh
At least the jets are winning
"The Jets are really winning us the division, holy fuck."
Lose 4 in a row and still get the division. I can't think of a better day
"Benny Snell just took a 5 yard run and turned it into 2 yards. Now maybe he was just surprised he had a hole to hit, but damn."
Did the Steelers finally remember that we have an absolute monster of a first round receiver?
Yo why we waiting till the 3rd quarter to throw to Claypool ?
"Oh here comes the couple scoring drives that keep me tuning in, just for us to collapse again in the 4th. 

Yay."
Claypool can catch and make plays. Who knew?!
CHASE! Where the fuck was this all game?
Back to back to back first downs???
I TOLD YOU CLAYPOOL
Maybe should have been using Chase the last few weeks instead of purposely phasing him out of the offense.
No way. Claypool is still on the team?
"4 yards from the goal line....

EMPTY SET, BEN IN THE SHOTGUN

Fire Fichtner

(love u Claypool)"
It’s almost worse to see Ben hit longer throws. Like he isn’t that injured and we’ve been running nothing but 5 yard routes for a month for no reason.
Tony Romo so damn good at his job!!
"Shit, Tony Romo just said Fichtner should do something. Someone in the booth needs to be listening to every Romo broadcast and take notes. Dude knows his shit."
The hopes and dreams of a nation are on Claypool's rippling shoulders
I don’t understand why we take out Claypool so much on the goal line and long situations
Put. Conner. In.
Shotgun from the 2
[deleted]
I'll get hammered but Bens arm is not toast and he still has the ability to win for us. This drive is exhibit A the playcalling makes all the difference. Who would have thought going to Claypool makes good things happen.
"I know! Let’s run it up the middle. 

It almost never works but we keep doing it. Cause why not?"
I WANT DEATH
Fuck this offense
We don't deserve the playoffs
Legendary fitchner playcalling
"Not to be over dramatic, but I think that's it.


For this season. Playoffs 1 and done."
Bro we need tony romo as our OC
Why not run it four times lol
"It's so weird.  If you showed someone this game in isolation, knowing nothing about this season, they'd guess that this was week 1."
please make it stop
"If anyone wants to feel a bit better, Jets are crushing the Browns right now."
"Down three scores, Tomlin, let's go for it on 4th to keep it a 3 score game."
Fire randy right now
At least the jets are winning
how’s everything going? i’m watching the jets game and it’s amazing how great the jets are.
My only consolation this season is knowing my relatives on my dads side (other than my dad being a Steelers fan) are patriots fans and they can't give us shit this year. That's kinda nice.
Guys I'm starting to think 11-0 might have been a fluke
I’ll throw a party for you all when fichtner gets canned
Pretty sad when the defence is our best chance of scoring in the red zone
We needed at least 3 after finally moving the ball. This is slow Torture haha.
Why do we wait until 3rd down to bring in Claypool on the goal line?
So did we just pay Derek Watt for the publicity or what? Put him in goddamnit.
Nice try to run it once in 5 tries great idea. I don’t mind the throw on 4th but maybe run on third first god
So. Many. Drops.
Safety plz
"Okay, idc how that drive played out. We NEED more like it."
"Love the no adjustment as well where we sucked on goal to goal vs Bal, WFT and now here. Still just running pass all the time no faith to get a yard. No Derrick Watt"
That was a ballsy ass play call lmao
We suck so bad I'm turning on the Jets game.
at least the jets are trying to do us a favor.
More of that please
Ben can't throw deep
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
Ok we just do THAT but like more often???
Okay that was pretty.
Ummmm....my TV just rewound to September... WTF was THAT?
That's the steeler team I know and love.
Five more times and we're good
S E R I O U S  J U I C E
Don't do this shit to me two weeks in a row - don't make me care.
LOL Well ok then!
Best play fo the last 5 games by a lot.
Big brain play there. Can’t score from the 1? Score from the 40.
So he can still throw ??
Where has this been for the past month and a half!?!?!?
"This sub: Ben needs to retire

This sub five minutes later: Ben’s still got it!"
Whatever they injected Ben with during halftime better be in the COVID vaccine otherwise i ain't getting it /s
Oh steelers my heart won't be fooled again...this is when the d turns into a screen door.
BEN STILL HAS AN ARM WOOOOOOOOOOOO
And now for the flase hope to crush me...
oh shit this is spicy lets go boys
[deleted]
"DJ’s issue is injuries, not drops. SMH."
Why was DJ back there man
Are the Steelers sure they don't want to just run the clock out and go into the 4th?
"At the very least, stop saying these guys don’t adjust. They’ve had two straight games of major successful adjustments in the second half. We just have to be better on our initial prep."
fuck you rivers you whiny southern cunt
Flag saves us
I got a feeling these Phillip Rivers shouting captures are 100% making this year’s bad lip reading
GIF request: Rivers losing his shit for about 30 consecutive seconds.
"Browns will likely come back against the Jets, this game would be huge for the teams confidence if we could scrape away with a win like old times. I’m hesitant but at least we have some energy on offense to build off of."
Ben change arms like the fucking winter soldier?
Tip doesn’t negate contact prior to the tip...
What was that Chase? Come on
More washington plz
Please just run a little
I hate it when they give me hope
Ben lines up under center. That's how you know they weren't running a play
Jets and our game are shifting. This is hype
DPIs helping us out big time.
"I'll take it, we're already hated by everyone else so help us out all you can refs please haha"
LET’S GO REFS
i’m glad Ebron got a TD against his former team
Big Ben is flacco now
did ebron just wave to the colts bench
Lets go D time to take this game by the horns!!!!!
This offense is so confusing
Who the fuck is this Ben guy?
FoRcE BeN tO ReTiRe
Okay Roethlisberger - the crow is out of the marinade and is in the oven....
"Tomlin ""stick to the game plan"""
I’ll fuck’n do it again
Does rivers know how to wear a mask?
Imagine we actually scored from the 2 yard line
My dad just Said Ebron forgot his L. That is the greatest and worst pun at the Same time
Did Canada grab the play calling reigns?
Highsmith smells fear. Feed the man
Just rename this team The Heart Attack Squad.
I have an opinion!!
Amazing how the screens and slants start to work when they aren't exclusively called.
[UH OHHHHHH](https://i.gifer.com/6A3f.mp4)
[deleted]
Is Fichtner still on the sidelines or did he get zipped into a duffle bag with a turkey leg and a phone with Angry Birds?
Have Ben throw the ball for 2 hours strait before the game.  Can't keep using the first half as a warm up.
Would you look at that. They start doing something other then the same bullshit that failed for a month and suddenly they are succeeding. Who would've fucking thought
It’s at least good to see some smiles on the offense
"Alright Steelers defense - you've asked to do a ton, but if you could do it one more time...."
This is the fire I wanted to see last week
"Win or lose, hope the fire continues"
Do you smell Watt I smell? It's a ball sack.
Oh mama....
Fuck injuries man
Get off the field on 3rd down god dammit
SACKKKKKKK IM TOO HYPE
Heyward!!!
"Yes!

Love the physical tackle!"
THE BIG BULL
Cam Heyward is the life of this team
"Please do not start to hope , we only get let down when we have hope. Everyone stay pessimistic and angry"
[deleted]
Wow th short pass was open after throwing some intermediate - deep routes. Amazing.
Pittsburgh looks so cool. I don't live anywhere near there but I'd love to visit one day
I think that Romo guy makes a lot of sense.
The OL is blocking now? What?
AND NOW WE CAN RUN TOO?!?!?!
This team is so bipolar
"Come on Ben, tighten up!"
Hole so big even Conner wasn’t trying to dance around.
Wow it almost like if you don't run the same play every single time you can do more.
"Colts: They aren't gonna run it.

Also Colts: Oh shit they're running it!"
Garbage call
FALSE START??
WHAT IS HAPPENING
FIRST DOWN
Finally using James Conner
Like claypool always gets a hand on those jump balls... Just doesn't come down with them
DANCE JUJU MUTHAFUCKA DANCE
OMFG WERE DOING IT JUJUJUJU
DANCE JUJU DANCE
I can’t believe this game. This team makes no sense. I am rock hard.
"First-down flag!

Yes, please.

I'm not too proud."
Okay that call I liked. But you're on thin ice refs.
i am genuinely happy for juju
"TALK SOME MORE MESS ON JUJU, FUCKIN DO IT. FAKE ASS FAN MOTHERFUCKERS"
You can tel Big Ben is calling the plays this offense looks completely different
Wtf is football
"Touchdown!!!!

WhoTF is THIS team?!?!? :)"
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times"
"Ju-ju, show me the money!"
First time for a while: our D is getting more rest than the other team’s D.
[deleted]
So who are we firing for this game?
Oh me oh my
IM SO SORRY FOR EVERYTHING I SAID 😂😂😂
EVERYONE GET IN HERE
Ben is bipolar. Looks like a different person.
HELL YEAH JUJU
Matthew Wright > Justin Tucker
Jesus christ let's get a stop now and score again please. I can't stand this close shit
I guess Big Ben still has an arm
Mark madden literally in shambles
Ok juju more of that. Niceee
BeN cAnT tHrOw LoNg
"Its truly beautiful, I’ve stared at this for hours now"
"What an offense! Total crap when they're fresh and rested in the first half, then great when they're tired in the second half. It defies all laws of physics!"
Now let’s pray the defence gets a stop or two
Finally passed it to Juju too dear lord
I miss Juju getting deep balls
CORVETTE CORVETTE LFG
RIP Myron Cope Double YOI
"Wow, Ben is watching film on the sideline?! Amazing"
"What a shock, we look good again when we throw more than 2 yard slants!!"
Mathew Wright has the leg of a 12 year old girl.
Best the offense has looked since week 11 against the Jags. About damn time
Nice nugget of yinzer lore by Nantz.
Who took playcalling away from Randy lmao
Colts giving us an early punt!
"Holy fuck, what a turn around"
YAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!
WE LOOK LIKE FUCKING CONTENDERS AGAIN GET HYPE BOYS
Death. Taxes. MIKE HILTON.
Let’s not run it every down and punt it
Hilton! What a game.
MIKE 'I'm gonna fuck your face' HILTON SHITS ALL OVER OLD MAN RIVERS BY FACE FUCKING HIM FOR AN INTERCEPTION!!!
MIKE FREAKING HILTON
DANGEROUS FUCKING THROW TO MCDONALD
I’m so erect right now!!!!
This sub is much more fun when the 1st half commenters are quiet
"I've been in my garage since 3rd quarter, it's freezing out here. Send warmth! I'm not going in until it's in the bag!"
"The Colts have been holding TJ all day with no calls on important plays. I have no patience for ""the refs bailing us out"" talk. It evens out at the end of the day."
I've heard atleast 8 F bombs this game
I for one am totally shocked
Sure be nice if we kicked a FG before the half too. Little extra cushion would feel better.
That was a free first down why did the Colts give us that
Atlanta and blowing leads... Why am I even surprised?
"Tomlin has a 17 point 2nd half comeback.  He actually even took the lead in it.  

He also fucked it up by not using a clock correctly."
Colts wasting their timeouts? I'll take it
Fuckin falcons
Fucking Falcons
Of course it’s 3rd and short
Looks like they all drank Michael Jordan’s drink from Space Jam in the locker room. Hot damn.
Don’t do this to me
He was down inbounds :/
"Elbow was down, should have had the clock running"
bah! couldnt stay in bounds....
needed one more yd. fuck
And here’s the at least 100th time Rivers has had to drive 80+ yards with no timeouts to win the game.
defense needs to make a big play
Can Rivers do it again? Please Minkah
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:00 4th|IND|24|@|28|PIT|
|01:09 4th|CIN|34|@|31|HOU|
|01:44 4th|NYG|13|@|27|BAL|
|03:13 4th|CLE|16|@|20|NYJ|
|Sun 12/27 04:05 PM ET|CAR|-|@|-|WAS|
|Sun 12/27 04:05 PM ET|DEN|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 12/27 04:25 PM ET|PHI|-|@|-|DAL|
|Sun 12/27 04:25 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 12/27 08:20 PM ET|TEN|-|@|-|GB|
|Mon 12/28 08:15 PM ET|BUF|-|@|-|NE|
|Final|ATL|14|@|17|KC|
|Final|CHI|41|@|17|JAX|
|Final|MIN|33|@|52|NO|
|Final|TB|47|@|7|DET|
|Final|SF|20|@|12|ARI|
|Final|MIA|26|@|25|LV|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Here we go
Bro look at TJ. He wants to murder Rivers
Even if the Colts comeback and win at least there's hope that Steelers do know how to make adjustments.
FUCK
Nelson....no cookie for you
I told you there was going to be a penalty on the defense. NFL has to keep it close.
Oh come the fuck on.
"At the very least that was holding, so it doesn't matter, they should have gotten anew set of downs regardless."
Look at Ben dancing on the sidelines lol
imagine if we just got that 1st down on 3rd and 1 lmao
Maximum clench
"Rivers is an all-time choker, never forget that"
4D Chess
THIS IS STEELER FOOTBALL
LETS GO!!!!
It ain’t a Steelers win without a heart attack
Highsmith had a couple big pressures today
Wheeeewwwww. I’ll never question you again Ben. I apologize!!
GAME. OVER.
Thank the lord
LETSSSSS GOOOOOO
Press W to pay respects
SLAP HANDS!
Let's fucking go!!!!
Are the Steelers back?
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING BROWNS!  LITTLE BROTHER BITCHES!  UNTIL YOU FUCKING TAKE IT YOU WON'T GET IT!
Just because I played renegade
Best part is we can rest the starters next week and get our bye week back
"I have no idea what I just watched, but kings of the north, I guess. 12-3."
I'm sitting here waiting for the late flag to come in. I don't buy this. Where is the ref fuckery?
Good to see the offense wake up. Now rest the starters next week.
MO-MEN-TUM!!!!!!!!!!
It’s pretty quiet over in Cleveland. I thought they were gonna win the division?
I CAN FINALLY TAKE A SHIT AFTER CLENCHING THEM FOR THE LAST 5 MINUTES!
The sTeElerS HaVeN’t BeAtEN aNyonE
Huge win
I feel the Steelers and Ben took a look at this thread during the 3rd quarter after the missed touchdown drive at the goalline.
STEELERS FOOTBALL BABY
And. Breath.
NFL sub crying about the refs lmao not our fault colts didn't score a single point in the 2nd half
We needed this. Today is a good day. Love you guys!
Crying
I knew we were going to win the WHOLE TIME! NEVER SWEAT ONCE!
"No idea how this happened, but just glad it did. Congratulations, yinzers!"
Fucking crying rn
"Colts win, Ravens are out of playoffs. Jets win, and we win the division....

Go Colts and Jets!"
I know any kind of Tomlin criticism gets downvoted but the fact that he hasn’t changed the game plan at all the past 4 weeks is bad.
Pretty bad when we needed a penalty to help us score our only TD.
Welp I think that’s our season right there Lmaoo
"Typical fucking Steelers football. Get the ball at the opening drive, screw it up with 0 first downs, 0 points, give huge yards away and getting behind 0-7"
"If this drive doesn't end in a TD, I'm not watching the rest. Roethlisberger and Fichtner can eat shit."
Pitt is possibly a bottom 5 team in the league.
"“They don’t want to use it as an excuse but the Steelers admit their schedule has been exhausting, and used words like tiring and draining.” 

Sounds a lot like excuses to me. They certainly got shafted on the schedule but we all knew this was a possibility when the teams decided to play a season of a high contact sport during a global pandemic of a communicable disease. Other teams have lost their franchise QB to this thing. Quit complaining about the schedule. It ain’t the reason we’re playing at such a low level."
Wouldn't have got that touchdown without the penalty. Unbelievable
"Yeah sorry guys, Boswell fucked my wife all week and got minor groin soreness. I'm not even mad, she said he's well hung and I'm kinda into that"
You see the way Taylor keeps moving forward even when a defender hits in the backfield? That's something none of our RBs can do
"I’m sick of carrying Ben because of his “legacy” yes he’s an incredible quarterback that got old, like EVERY other professional athlete. Time to go Ben, you did your city proud, retire."
I love all the adjustments the Steelers have made in the last 3 weeks! The offense is really doing great things now running the same 5 plays everytime!
"3rd and 10.

Time for a 2-yard throw underneath, then punt.

Other option: incomplete pass 30 yards downfield."
Ben is washed
Ben is the worst QB in the league.
WHY FUCKING WHY DID WE ONCE AGAIN WASTE SO MUCH GOD DAMN TIME BEFORE THE END OF THE HALF FOR THE UMPTEENTH GAME IN A ROW YOU FUCKING INEPT COW TURDS OF A COACHING STAFF KEEPING ALL THOSE TIMEOUTS IN YOUR POCKET
"Never even tried to look at Claypool
Does Ben hate him?"
What terrible clock management end of the half. Should have called the timeouts 30 sec earlier. I was yelling at the TV.
I feel like claypool is in Ben’s doghouse or something.
"I'm upset with Roethlisberger's play, and I think the final play of the 1st half exemplified the poor QB he has become.

40-50 yards from the endzone, 2 seconds left, 3 pass rushers and 6 DBs I'm the endzone. This calls for a simple hail mary play: stay in the pocket, wait 3-4 seconds, throw a jump ball to the endzone.

What does Ben do? Throw a 15 yard catch-and-run to Juju. With 6 DBs in the endzone. Terrible. It's so SIMPLE to perform a hail mary here, and if Ben's peer, Phillip Rivers, had been in that situation, he would have made the veteran play and thrown that jump ball."
"When we need to run the ball we opt not to. Makes sense. That fat fuck fichtner for ya. We have JC and needed 1 yard. Yet we throw 3 fucking passes. Yet another drive in the ""why fichtner shouldn't have a job"" column."
From 11-0 to unwatchable.
"I just kind of want to know what happened to the team. Injuries aside, both sides of the ball. There is just a lack of hunger. I don't see it as a coaching thing either. Not all the blame is on them. Maybe Ben is hurt more than we let on and or maybe he was the problem in the locker room this whole time? Who knows, I'd love to know wtf has happened."
"As a Titans fan, I'm rooting for u guys. Fuck the Colts"
We giving Tomlin some appreciation for some second-half adjustments or no?
"Don't worry boys, I'm sure the coaching staff will make the necessary adjustments at the half and you'll see a different team in the second half.     


I almost typed that with a straight face."
"Ben is hurting the team - in many ways. His physical decline is one thing, but then his influence on play calling, and our lack of leadership at the offensive coordinator position, is also killing this offense. He needs to be benched and he needs to be let go after the year. This hurts me to say as I have been a huge fan of his play but when it's time, it's time."
FYI Ben practiced only 2 days this week and took a Vet day on Wednesday
"Ah, we're at the ""score a touchdown and give the fans hope"" stage. We all know how this ends."
Do people just refuse to think that there’s a slight possibility tomlin is a good coach and made adjustments? Is that really that insane of a theory?
"Ravens fan poking his head in here, good comeback, don't blow it ya bums. 

^quietly ^^leaving ^^^the ^^^^chat"
"That is not a Ford mustang.

That is some shitty crossover electric car they stuck a mustang logo on."
"Empty set, Ben in shotgun

Slant
Slant
Slant
Punt

Fire Fichtner"
"Romo calling out the Steeler's playcalling, he stopped short of just calling it stupid"
Does anyone notice how we come out on offense with trash playcalling and shitty excecution but other teams come up with an actual scheme? Coaching.
Good try Edmunds
Can we forfeit our playoff place and get this season over with?
But hey at least juju's not dancing anymore! Super important
Next week it'll be:.  Keep sleeping motherfuckers! It's mother fucking game day!!!!!
Even when Ben is completing passes his throws look *horrible* and have for some time. It's time for a change.
Can we put a tackle in who actually wants to play?? Al is mentally checked the fuck out.
"Look the league so progressive now 

Hiring Blind refs to officiate this game

Way to go Goodell /s"
I do not understand this defense. We either get a 3 and out or allow an 8 minute 90 yard drive. There is no in between.
Dobbs please. He may actually be able to get a run game going
Fire Fichtner and make Ben retire. He’s done.
Sad and pathetic. The worst collapse I've ever seen as a fan. And I've been watching since the 70s.
Please put Mason in for the second half. It hurts to see them keep trotting Ben out there to go backwards on offense
Lmao put in Rudolph it cannot be worse than this. At least he can throw near picks downfield
We could lose this 63-7 and lock up the division.
"Even when we do move the ball, they look so uninspired. Literally no energy."
Where is chase? Why is he not out there
I love Ben but that pass is the nail in the coffin. He’s done. I’d rather see Rudolph on the field and that’s scary to think about
"Just outstanding clock management, Mike. Again."
"Tomlin better be gone after this season. Oh wait, the Steelers ownership are loyal to a fault. We’ve won like 3 playoff games in 10 years but whippity fucking-do we have a winning record for however many years."
Ben is fucking garbage
"Some classic elite clock management by Coach T, and JuJu kept his fumble streak alive. What an inspiring drive."
I’m starting to hate this team
Maybe this will drive down the prices of some of our FAs
"""I will never change any personnel or strategy because that would indicate I may have made a mistake"" -what I heard with Tomlin's ""get the team on the grass going"" comment."
yeah shocker that rivers hasnt had an issue getting sacked when the o-line can choke people out
This is the calling card of a Tomlin coached team.
Hey guys I know we suck but just wanna let you know the browns arent doing any better!!!
My disappointment is immeasurable and my life is ruined
bEnS nOt WaShED GuYs
"I’m so fucking tired of hearing the phrase “yeah they got away with that one” every fucking week. No shit they got away with it, you see a flag Romo? You fuckin dipfuck."
What happens when the running game has been completely abandoned in favor of a degenerating QB. The team doesn't even let the OL get in a 3 point stance anymore.
I'm cool with blowing this team to smithereens. Blow it up - start over.  Tired of platitudes with no actual change.
I think Ben felt that 19M slipping away.
I will never stop believing in this team
Thanks refs
"I'll be honest, I didn't think they could do it, but my dick is HARD AS A FUCKING ROCK"
Fuck the haters. I hope people who turned this off at the half will never watch another game.
"If this sub were running the team , we'd have duck in at qb with the the practice squad and the ball boy in at coach. Everyone can't just be fired lol"
Would’ve been nice to score on the 3 yard line earlier :/
"Lol I just know this game is already over. I have no faith in our offense to compete with a team that can actually move the chains and score touchdowns. Colts have been on a winning streak too, whereas we dropped 3 in a row while playing like trash

As long as we don't lose to the fucking Browns next week I don't care what happens today, just no more injuries please"
Someone get the breastplate-stretcher. Ben is too fat for his armor.
"$41,000,000"
So most the year Ebron and claypool got passes left and right. Now it’s rare if they get a pass. Injuries possibly?
"Where are all you ""Fire Tomlin"" ""Ben's washed"" fair weather fans now?"
We get one touchdown and now everyone thinks we're back to form now. Fuck off with that
I can only watch one half so please show me them TD‘s!
"I want to see the encroachment meme here at the end of the game not the ""Frick Pittsburgh"" meme plz"
Tony Romo cannot say Roethlisberger
Please. Please. Please. Let’s see the offense do something well today.
Charlie Batch is filling in for Craig Wolfley on SNR
I will be standing this whole game or until we are up by 14+
Yay what a start
Cool. Two incompletes in a row
Lmaoooo
Well it’s gonna be this type of game isn’t it
Did he work at all to improve his passing? Come on Big Ben
Was that the same play three times?
I blinked twice and we punted
"I love football, so much fun!"
Why is our starting RB on our punt coverage team? Sounds like a horrible idea.
Jesus fucking christ.. 3 passes. 0 yards gained. This is such a joke..
Don't fix what's blatantly broken -Tomlin 2020
"Jesus fucks I hate our playcalling. 3 slants, 3 incompletions. Ya Ben being off and drops have killed us, but so has our dog shit playcalling"
Three slants in a row...
The fact that we're having just 1 TD in the last like 25 opening drives is just terrible. How is this even possible?
Ben sucks
Oh look.. 3 & out.. that's something different.
What an opening possession! Two diontae drops and on 3rd and 10 we use our third slant for a 4 yard pass!
"That opening drive was just perplexing. 

Three straight slants?"
"That was awful.  The run isn’t a threat and there’s no deep game. Yup, safeties are going to play close to LOS and corners are going to presd"
Yeah nothing has changed. Not a single fucking thing.
"Did you guys see how well we adjusted our offense to start this game? This time we threw THREE incompletions. We're making changes, clearly."
"Only the jets have gone 3&out more than the Steelers. 

Pain."
"Two meh throws by Roethlisberger and then a 3 yard route in between two Colts defenders on 3rd-and-10.

I am getting tired of saying that last bit."
TJ Watt. That’s it.
When your offense can only do one thing it’s pretty easy for a defense to scheme for it
Imagine struggling on offense because of a non existing run game and then running two empty sets to begin the game.
Wow. Fucking wow.
I’m more invested in the sack streak than our playoff hopes so props to TJ
Watt is great
I can't believe this team won 11 straight
Defense sucks. Offense sucks. Wtf
Yeh sack him to get a 3 rd & out and then allow a fking 30 yard play. 🗑
Guys honestly. This is fucking bad. Ben “short arm” Roethlisberger. Can you believe he’s got 32 games left with us haha. No fucking way.
We are trash
Where the fuck was Williamson going there?
They said ben was hurt since the Ravens game right? So why the fuck are we not doing something about it. If he can't throw a ball fucking put someone else in. That is selfishness by Ben and absolute blind faith by our Coaches. This is unacceptable.
i see we havent changed a bit in play calling. 3 shotgun plays in a row
"Can already feel that this game is about to be more of the same... _sigh_, ready to be disappointed again."
I forgot what it was like having a running game
great way to start the game here while everyone is dogging us
We are not winning the playoffs we might not even win the division at this point
"This sub sure liked ripping on Rivers this season, but at least he can complete a pass."
you got to catch those
That's OPI.
Looks like Nelson took all of that talk of him getting owned by Heyward last year personally.
"*weekly beer crack* here we go again, y’all"
Wish we intercepted that
LMFAOOOO we fucking suck
THIS DEFENSE OML. CAN WE GET A STOP ON 3RD DOWN?
oh wow look we suck again
We're fucked lmao
wow that wasnt a great start was it?
Our team sucks lmao.
We are screwed
"Is 7 points enough of a safe lead against our impotent O? Stay tuned. Grab a beer, but stay tuned."
"something gotta fucking give man, what the actual fuck"
Yikes. Absolutely embarrassing start.
Being down 7 might be too much to comeback for this offense.
We just lined up in an Okie front against 4 wide.  No wonder that worked.
Is 7am too early to be drinking?
We are fucked come playoff time
Fuck this dogshit team
#The standard is the standard
Who’s excited for some shotgun side car handoffs upcoming boys.
Even though we’re in the playoffs I’ve already accepted the season’s over
This is gonna get ugly
Uhhhhh at least we're hurting the ravens playoff chances?
I really hate being that negative person in game threads. I really want to find something positive to say. But I can't think of a positive thing to say about this team right now. We fucking suck
"Damn are we actually gunna have the worst collapse in nfl history?

Never would have expected that short of Ben getting hurt."
So chances we run the ball once this series?
How the hell did this team win 11 in a row?
"And y’all are mad cuz we weren’t running, man I wonder why"
I’m glad Tomlin got those issues fixed and got the team motivated to come out and play some good football.
Been keeping our powder dry but I think it's time to unleash hell and remove the ping pong tables
do we have the worst offensive line in the league when it comes to run blocking? Jesus they can’t get any push at all.
Well.... we look like we aren’t interested at all in playing.
Finally Ben hits on a slant
Who would guess we open with a run after 3 failed passes
Here comes a hail mary
"Johnson got two catches in a row. 

Super Bowl confirmed."
WHY DO YOU NOT AUDIBLE THERE
Is there a player on the offensive side of the ball worth holding to next year? Claypool? Okafor?
Fuck. 3rd and 1
Villanueva stinks
Ebron got in his way
Is this the worst offensive line in football?
That push was pathetic
Conner just deciding to stop his own momentum
Great play call.  Bring all 11 in the box and play to our obvious weakness.
"Conner and Ebron, so garbage"
We have the worst running back group in the league by far
One. Fucking. Yard.
This running game is despicable. Idk how that scrub Conner didn’t get the 1st on the previous play with the blocking he had.
I've accidentally shat my pants with more authority than these first two drives.
We absolutely fucking suck
Al is playing a kids matching game on his tablet
FUCK THIS OFFENSE
"not even a 1y run, pathetic"
I’m so mad dude idek what to say this team is unbearable to watch.
Looks like we have no heart. That’s what makes me sad.
Literally can’t get 1 yard on the ground and can’t throw deeper than 8 yards
Steelers MVP Jordan Berry
Yeeaah definitely time for a new OLine
I swear our backs run with their eyes closed
Yeah put 0 recievers out there. Really keeping them humble on the third and 1 fichtner.
"It’s amazing how long it took to get to mid-field, just to punt it."
Alejandro is incredibly overrated
Jordan Berry MVP
Does anybody feel like we have a remote chance of winning a playoff game
"These teams let us dink n dunk down the field because they know we can't sustain it long enough to score. And even if we do luck out and score, we'll never score more than the other team operating an offense like this."
Start the season 11-0 and now look like utter garbage. This is fine.
Where the urgency? Where’s the leadership? Where’s the emotion?
We are not good
"Romo's not wrong, this is exactly when all that schedule fuckery is going to start affecting us"
"Our run blocking may be bad, but Conner and Snell have 0 ball carrier vision."
"I don’t think Derek Watt is much of a FB, but why would you not run that behind your pro bowl guard?"
How about wildcat on 3rd and 1? Fake punt on 4th and 3 from the 50??? Are our coaches allergic to creativity?
Wow other teams make picking up a first down on 3rd and 1 so easy
Inb4 90 yd drive
3 missed tackles.
The defense are on strike until the offense do something it seems.
"Woah, that’s how you gain one yard??"
How they miss that tackle
Ben is the first star on a team I watch that I see fade. It’s so emotionally painful when you come to grips with the fact that your favorite player can’t play forever. Is this how Mavericks fans felt when Dirk could barely move on the court?
Wait what you can do a QB sneak for a first down when it’s that close. Should someone tell our coaches.
"What is this short yardage play that the colts just ran? Qb creeping through the line? Is that legal? Steelers should look into whether this is something we can do, you know with our gigantic qb."
I’ve never seen a team that was  11-0 quit like this! It’s unreal. Sad really.
Is the NFL going to fine that Colts coach for not covering his nose with his mask?
"Good play Hilton, although I wish you'd get your head around"
Good stop. Let’s not turn on the defense too now
"I feel like I’m watching a college game, guys wide open, totally whiffing on tackles, getting mauled in the trenches"
I was holding my breath for a flag there. Didn’t look like Mike Hilton was in play for that ball. But I ain’t complaining.
Rivers fucked up there. Pittman had the first down with a catch but rivers goes deep. Thank fuck
We're going to need a score on defense to even remotely have a chance.
Pass Pass Run Punt
"These ducks from Rivers absolutely need picked off. Good PBA from Hilton but that’s why he doesn’t cover well, needs to get his head around."
Hilton on Hilton violence
All that for 2 yards😂.
"If you have been lucky enough to see all the Steelers games this year it makes it extra super fun watching other games, like the Raiders/Dolphins game last night was fantastic. Don't get caught up in thinking ' shit the Steelers can't do that' and just be a fan of the game."
Last game for 7 at Heinz?
Is Claypool hurt?? Cause if not why the fuck isn’t he on the field
This is just painful to watch
This offense just looks so apathetic out there.
"DJ had a seam if he took it inside, no idea why he bounced it outside."
Ahahahahaha we suck
AV dominated. Again
Can’t even get near the damn goalpost.
Punt game is looking strong
The biggest problem? Our offense sucks as a whole. It's nothing you can fix in a week or two. It's just bad.
6 games jfc
Ben is Paul Crewe.
Words cannot express how pathetic this is
Bench Ben Teach The Old Man A Lesson
Maybe the defense can score 20 points.
Just fucking pathetic.
"This is because teams don’t respect the deep pass because Ben can’t throw it deep. They’ve had 4 weeks to show they can and haven’t. So stack the box and then you can’t throw or run the way they think. 

AND THEYVE DONE NOTHING TO FIX IT."
"If you guys don't see how every single bit of this comes down to our Oline sucking asshole, you're blind. They're playing like they're in spring training heading into high school."
Man I feel bad for our defence. They dont deserve this shit.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Fucking embarrassing
The confidence of our team is non-existent. What is going on?
The o line is trash
Get Rudolph in
"I don't care what the record says, this is a bottom 10 football team"
"Please just give me one, just ONE goddamn good play not even a drive just ONE play"
Ugly as hell first quarter
Thank god 57 for Indy helped on our ST
Watching this team has made me tired
"I thought about betting this game. Too bad I didn’t, it’s just free money."
At least our punter is good
I've never drank this much in a month.. my poor liver
Literally everyone but the defense has given up my god
The apologists in this sub probably still think Tomlin is not the problem. Fucking dense
No punt coverage for the last 6 weeks either. Pathetic
"I’m being serious, at this point we should put Rudolph in for something fresh. I know our offense stank last year but he wasn’t THIS bad like Ben... also he can move outside the pocket, something Ben can’t do anymore"
Lol Steelers with the ball at the 3 yard line. Who’s our kicker today?
Can’t wait to not score here
i love our defense. always save us.
Oh no 3 yards. Were so fucked.
If we only get a fucking field goal out of this.....somebody needs to be fired.
Hilton needed to score that because our offense won’t!
That finger point from Hilton is gonna make a great reaction gif
Our offense doesn't deserve these guys.
Pay. Mike. Hilton.
All right!  FG time!  At least we’ll be on the board.
Can't wait to see us score a field goal from three yards out.
Ref with an assist
Damn. Now we have to settle for a field goal. If we’re lucky
Bet we only get 3 though.
I swear if we do not score here
I don't trust the offense to get a touchdown here
STOP RUNNING UP THE GUT OUR O LINE SUCKS
He didn't run it in tho. Not gonna get any points on this.
"DEFENSE!

Please offense FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO SOMETHING"
STOP SPAMMING IT TO FUCKING DIONTAE JESUS CHRIST
FUCK EVERYONE ON THIS OFFENSE
Watch Fitchner make us settle for 3 here lol
I don’t wanna be that guy but I think our defense is better than our offense
JUJU wtf
Running from shotgun is so fucking stupid. If Roethlisberger is too hurt to go under center let him fucking sit.
3 more plays to until we can kick a FG! LETS GOOO
Can we put out guys in 3 point stance on obvious runs. Jesus. Tbis doesn't have to be hard.
Good job conner
We’re allergic as fuck to scoring
Ben is done
Is it legal to run the ball into the end zone like that?
Can't wait for everyone to blame tik tok for that Drop
Amazing how Conner comes in and can actually manage to get positive yards. Keep Benny Snell off the fucking field
Surely from one fucking yard...
Never thought I’d be happy to see just three yards.
Is this the game where we finally turn it around 🥺
I think Conner just rolled over the pile lol
I really didn't think they'd get a TD that drive. Pleasant surprise.
HOLY SHIT RANDY LISTENED 😂
"My God I was getting nervous there 

Thank you Connor"
Imagine not even celebrating but instead giving a sigh of relief. Lmfao
I don’t care until I see the offense sustain a TD drive 75+ yards. It’s been over a month.
Steelers have just scored from the Heinz Red Zone
Is this what converting feels like???
thank god for this defense
We went 3 yards!!!!
JAMES CONNER BABY
"i know we scored, but it looks like our offense literally wants the season to be over. they look *miserable*"
Defense to the rescue.  Nothing to see here.....   Move along.
Let's go Jets!
Oh wow our back up kicker can kick.
Watching Fichtner call plays is like watching a dog get potty trained
I wish I could see the Defenses face when that ball went over Juju's head. That is the epitome of pain
Does Dointe have incriminating pics on Ben. Juju is pouting and Claypool is gonna request a trade pretty soon.
Are we in prevent?
"Defense said ""alright we did a thing time for a break!"""
HOW ARE YOU NOT CALLING THAT HOLD ON TJ WTF
Are we playing prevent defense already?
How come every time we score our defense let’s up on the next series?
Hmmmm
Anyone else want a sneak-peak of what Al Michels Youtube searches when he's hammered? I bet its a glorious playlist.
"Stop putting Williamson in coverage, eh?"
We are getting outcoached big time
Why do our dbs seem to slip all the time
Does TJ forced fumble count as sack?
Lmfao that tackle on TJ.
These fucking non called hold calls are a joke this entire season.
Another example of the general bias towards offense these days
Go Jets?
The shield told the ref not to call so many penalties this year.  So it's basically legal to hold tj all they want
Am I watching the 2017 defense
Defense is fading.  Injuries and exhaustion.  Eerily similar to last year.
Indy is now 4/5 on 3rd down.
Down both tackles and they're still driving us off the line.
THIS DEFENSE IS GARBAGE
"2 long drives by the colts eating clock and scoring points.  Lol.

Can't wait to see what the steelers offense does."
"We can't stop a Philip rivers lead colts...


I can't believe I'm writing that"
[deleted]
short yardage clinic being put on vs this defense
It’s so depressing watching a team that can actually move the ball on offense.
"This team is pathetically soft, getting carried by Taylor every time he runs the ball."
Literally daring us to try to stop the run
Please win this game....I don't want Rivers to get cocky......
Defense chose a great time to die
I am not feeling good at all for the playoffs
3 & out incoming
COVID really messed Tuitt and Williams up
Well unless our defense sets us up to score we are completely fucked
LOL defense don’t even care boys
damn we fucking suck lol
Our front seven are wearing roller-skates.
No answer for Jonathan Taylor Thomas
I’ll give Taylor credit it on that one. Steelers were trying to wrap him up and not just bodycheck him.
Just STAGGERING how many broken tackles. Fuck. You.
Are we coming up with adjustments on offense or are we just gonna keep doing the same thing?
What a shame we cannot tackle
Highsmith does nothing
Seeing a running game is a good change.
Hey at least Ben is only making $41 million next year
give conners the ball.....at least try to give d some rest
Vance McDonald looks like when I’d make Mii’s and mess around with the face shapes
Ben throwing into triple coverage
Yeah throw into triple coverage good job Ben
Please get Ben off this team.
"The Jets are beating the Browns

The Falcons are beating the Chiefs"
[deleted]
Triple covered lol
The bidet attached to my toilet has more power than Ben
Ben just can’t get zip on the ball anymore. It’s over for him unfortunately
Is there a realm beyond washed?
Season is shot if we can’t move the ball at all
Wow I couldn't hate this team anymore
Bench Ben already LMFAOO
"i would legitimately refuse to play if i was on the Steelers defense, they must fucking hate Ben at this point lmao"
This is easily the worst offense in the league.
"What happened to the 10-0 steelers? I mean we didnt play beautiful football, but the offense was there. 25+points were good, but now? We collapsed so quickly and became a team that struggles to get 2 TDs in a whole game. Enough Talent, enough good players..."
Please also get Randy Fichtner off my team.
3rd and 9? throw it for a loss of one
Someone want to tell me why claypool is getting almost no reps?
"If Ben’s too afraid to throw more than a yard downfield, let’s pull him."
Bench Snell
This colts defense is absolutely smothering
"Literally what’s the point of that play call, it was caught before the line of scrimmage"
BRO OUR OFFENSE IS TRASH
Seriously tired of 1 yard passes
FUCK THIS
Retire
What the actual fuck Ben
this offense is so pathetic to watch 10 yards thrown behind the sticks on third down lmao
Berry's on the field more than Ben it feels like lol
How do you get called for a block in the back on defense? What has happened to this team?
We're not even trying to win right? Playcalling to lose.
This team couldn’t beat a CFL team right now
We are just dead. From top to bottom
Basically everything on the offence on both the playing side and the coaching side needs overhauling other than maybe the wide receivers (but they definitely need a new coach as well)
Remember when they thought Ben would be good when he came back? He’s done
"Every week I think ""okay, things are going to start making sense again.""

I've been thinking that since after the second Ravens game.

This is just historically remarkable, with no seeming attempts to fix anything by the team."
"Imagine this defense with the 2017 offense, could possibly have beaten any team ever."
The Steelers offense is the equivalent of an Upwards team with 3 stars combined
"Honestly at this point, just sit Ben for the rest of this game and next week. Let him get somewhat mentally and physically well for the playoffs. It's probably our only shot at showing some semblance of life on offense."
Why can’t we have a great offense and defense at the same time smh. Bens back next year can’t wait for another year of this shit quick pass routine.
"Whenever the Redskins players were gloating about having 'figured us out' because of the Ravens, I assumed they were just talking trash and being annoying but I'm starting to suspect it was actually just really obvious to figure out how to exploit this team and they've really been exposed.

What can even fix that at this point in the season?"
Throw the damn ball down the field. Do it three times in a row next drive. I mean Jesus Christ we’ve been throwing bubble screens every drive for the past 6 games and I literally can’t recall a time one has worked especially on 3rd and long. I could call better plays than this
We could literally get more points with last years offense than this years. What happened ugh
Someone’s gotta tell Ben you don’t get style points for those throws
25 minutes have gone by and the defense has to go back onto the field after having been on for 18 of them. This offense is single handedly destroying our season.
that tree at point park is how i feel
"We are ass, my dudes"
Berry’s leg is going to turn into jello by halftime
Time for another three and out :)
LMAOOOO
at least defense gets of the field
Game is now out of reach
Anyone actually believe in this team coming back 2 scores?
I'm going to go eat my new Diontae jersey right now.
I wanna die
lmao Williams getting worked by an RB
You can just tell by the players body language the team gave up a long time ago.
"I hate this game of grid iron football against our opponents, the Indianapolis Colts"
Stick with the theme. Send in the red nose reindeer!!
Is anyone on this team even fucking trying. Honestly.
#One and done incoming
This gon get ugly.
Shit at this point maybe watching Cinderella *is* the right move 😂😂😂
Smart playcall there. Send a blitz when they’ve been attacking deep all game and give no safety help vs a strong line
Hahahaha kill me now
At least the bloody mary I’m drinking tastes good.
I forgot what a pass over 6 yards looks like.
We need some Fitzmagic
"Fuck Rudolph. Fuck Dobbs. Fuck Duck. It's time for the wildcat. Jaylen Samuels, come on down."
This is where I miss fans the most. Need to boo this pathetic offense every snap.
Why do we REFUSE to do anything different?
In the last two games we have less than 70 yards in the first half.
"Thank God we lose bud Dupree next year and keep Ben

Great job"
The whole team looks so defeated. No spark.
Why the fuck have we completely abandoned claypool. Thx Randy and Ben. Your best offensive weapon. Don’t use him.
Fichtner has had two years to develop a run game with no success. It’s time to switch play-callers if you’re going to make a run in the playoffs. Even if the play caller is Ben.
Is Ben ever going to stop force feeding AB?
See you guys next year.
What the fuck is that
At least Connor has some balls
'pass short' is going to be Ben's band name once he retires in 8 seasons.
What happened. Steelers started off 11-0. Did an important player end up getting seriously injured and this is a result?
"At this point, my adrenaline goes up if Ben just manages to throw to anyone more than a yard away."
I don't understand how all the sudden we're worse than last year.
Wish Ben would just admit he’s hurt and there’s something wrong
"What's the post-Ben plan? Before Jets got their win, I assumed they'd pick Lawrence with their first and trade Darnold for a half-eaten bag of Skittles."
I would literally saw off a leg if I thought it would make our play call more creative
"Offense...

*poke with a stick*

Offense wake up..."
I don't want to see Ben on the field anymore
41 million for this...
Sit Ben
"Why. Is. Ben. Still. In. 

None of his passes are any good. He’s just bad. And making poor decisions."
"oh, wait. 3rd and 10 and we attempt a really long pass with minimal chance of completing."
Don't let that 1 yard drive for a td fool you all. This offense did jack shit yet again for an entire half
You’ve GOT to do something to shake it up at the half. We have no offense put Mason in for a drive and just see what happens I’m not saying Mason is good or anything but holy fuck
"Can we just opt out of the playoffs? (this is a joke calm down, I know anything is possible in the playoffs but not really its also serious cause fuck this offense.)"
56 yards of offense ... I'd be appalled but last week they were just as bad
Remember when the team lied and said Ben’s arm strength looked better than ever in the offseason and we all believed them?
Sad no one is there to boo
Come on Jets then
That throw was horrible
"Berry is the only consistency we have had as of late. That drive was all on Ben. Three too wide for juju, too short for johnson."
Fire Fitchner
Can someone explain where things are going wrong on offense? How did the Steelers win 11 straight and then come out looking so helpless on offense every since?
I wish fans could be there to let Ben hear it. Maybe then he will finally realize how much he sucks
"I think we should play Mason in the 2nd half. Let Ben rest these last 2 weeks. We need a spark, new eyes, new arm.

Edit: I retract my statement. Perhaps we need to be using our receivers as deep weapons?"
Bailed out
"Saved by the Flag, a new show coming to Disney this fall!"
"Juju looks like a shell of his former self. Like all the talent and love for the game was just sucked out of him, leaving him an empty husk of a human being"
Either Ben's hurt or cooked. Bench him.
Thank you ref
"So, if TJ goes over and begs the ref to watch him get held and make the call.

Would he geted fined, or suspended?"
That ref needs to be canned
The feelings of this fanbase could be summarized by the sound of a chair being knocked over and rope grinding against a ceiling fan.
Can they play a “Booooo” track in the stadium?
That wasn’t even a block in the back. We got baiiled out there. Defense has given up and I don’t blame them.
God I hate Tomlin
Mike Tomlin might actually be retarded
Again conservative pussy coaching
"Hey Jim Nantz, Steelers didn't take a TO because they can't do shit with the ball."
Why didn’t we call timeout?
I’m pissed what the fuck Tomlin
"why did we not take a time out right there.

Jesus freakin christ"
Tomlin's clock management is unrivaled worst in the league
TERRIBLE clock management. Colts getting the ball back next half and we don't call a fucking timeout . Wtf.
Literally gave up. No timeout there.
Why the fuck do you not take a timeout? FUCKKKKKKKK
Holy shit.  Good clock management Tomlin
"Well, since they didn’t call a timeout we don’t have to watch another 3 and out:"
Take a fucking timeout!!!!
"Did we actually just fucking take a timeout after letting them run a full minute off on 3rd & 18??? Tomlin, what the actual fuck? Actually you know what the most Steelers thing would be is to take the timeout, get the ball, and hand it off to Conner for 2 yards and go into the locker room. Fucking play like you want to win you absolute pansies"
"Tomlin 4 games in a row haven't used a TO in the 1st half Tony. It's not that reason

Edit- dumb clock management by Tomlin"
If I was Mason Rudolph I'd be offended that I haven't been put in yet. The fact that he hasn't come in the last 2 weeks you can tell the Steelers don't believe in him
I want some of what you apologists are smoking. This is so incredibly shit.
"Serious question: if the O continues like this and goes 1 and done in the playoffs,  is there any chance Fichtner loses his job?"
Tomlin’s garbage clock management strikes again!
They know that there was no way this offense could score in one minute. There's a higher chance Ben throws a pick than him throwing a TD before the half.
Tomlin wants to lose too?
"Time for Uncle Ben to throw it over that mountain.

Maybe to Chase"
And now we call the timeout. Lol
What the fuck. Why didn't we call timeout.
Could you be less aware.  Why must I scream at my tv for a timeout????  1st and 10 at the 43 with a minute to go....  This coaching staff is pig headed.
Johnson was wide open too
White flag time
They aren't going to try to get into field goal range. Get real.
CALL A TIMEOUT JESUS
Can anyone defend that call by Tomlin? How do you not call a timeout there?
"Why are so many idiots making ""Ben is washed"" posts when they can comment that in here? What you have to say isn't that important that you need your own post"
Yo I'm straight up not having a good time right now.
If Ben stays on at 41 million next season we may not win a game
Diontae has no fucking idea as to what he's doing
I can’t believe Tomlin just did that.
BEN IS FUCKING DONE JUST RIP THE BANDAID
Does team want to have a fan base?
"why did he even call a TO, just makes him look worse

also they don't trust the kicker past 35 yards so who cares"
This offense is cringe af
If they're gonna actually try to throw it down field then there's no excuse for not calling a timeout
Let Charlie bomb it.
Bunch of fucking idiots
"On the upside, Steelers 1st half deficit is less than last week"
Well that half is out of its misery
What the fuck was that???
A garbage play call to end a garbage half.
Bens knee is fucked. He can't even move up in the pocket.
Lol this team is a fucking joke
This team is an embarrassment
Get real. Don't try to kick this. Just throw it deep.
Matthew Wright needs some protein shakes
I’m sorry but what was the fucking point of that
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|IND|21|@|7|PIT|
|Halftime|ATL|7|@|7|KC|
|00:00 2nd|CHI|13|@|10|JAX|
|00:10 2nd|CIN|10|@|10|HOU|
|Halftime|NYG|3|@|20|BAL|
|00:33 2nd|CLE|3|@|13|NYJ|
|Sun 12/27 04:05 PM ET|CAR|-|@|-|WAS|
|Sun 12/27 04:05 PM ET|DEN|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 12/27 04:25 PM ET|PHI|-|@|-|DAL|
|Sun 12/27 04:25 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 12/27 08:20 PM ET|TEN|-|@|-|GB|
|Mon 12/28 08:15 PM ET|BUF|-|@|-|NE|
|Final|MIN|33|@|52|NO|
|Final|TB|47|@|7|DET|
|Final|SF|20|@|12|ARI|
|Final|MIA|26|@|25|LV|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Maybe I’m overreacting but Colbert seriously needs to consider rebuilding this off-season
I wish we could adjust at halftime like a normal team does
We need to go 0-16 next season to get a new QB lol
It’d be great if the Steelers would start playing better. Thanks in advance.
So looks like that offense only meeting went really well......
Our last two games are going to go a lot easier if we recognize there are only going to be two more games lol
"So, for those of us that can’t watch the game, it’s sounds like the pooch had been thoroughly screwed already?"
"Last night was one of the best nights of my football watching life. The Liberty-CCU bowl game was absolutely incredible, the Raiders-Dolphins game was somehow better. I texted my mom and said “I’m so blessed to exist at the same time as football”

Less than 12 hours later I can’t stop thinking “football is depression”

Sigh, this is sad."
Mason Rudolph better be fucking starting this half
Think I'm gonna play Cyberpunk. I'm gonna end up making bathtub toast if I keep watching this game
Great half time adjustments
I wish there was a crowd there so they could boo them
"So dumb, we need to throw Rudolph in and see if he’s progressed at all. Otherwise we go QB in RD 1."
This feels like the defense a couple years ago
Does holding not exist anymore
No point watching the rest of this tbh.  48-10
Why would you tackle him forward
Oh look no one even around Cox
We’re gonna lose worse than Detroit did yesterday
I honestly can’t believe this collapse. It’s truly remarkable to watch.
This team isn’t getting past the 1st round
[deleted]
Every team looks elite against us
Who is 49?
Have they been in a third in long since the first drive? Doesn’t feel like it.
This team doesn't deserve the division.
Doesn't matter they're still killing us
Tuitt’s alive?
"Well, at least we know one completion that the Steelers can make is when trying to complete that attempt to shoot themselves in the foot."
Please god anybody but TJ
Jets scored another TD about to be 20-3
Idk why people are surprised at the implosion. We BARELY beat the covid ravens and the 3rd string cowboys.
Jets TD
"Ah, fucking hell. Fucking hell. We are fucked if TJ’s out."
But hey we won the AFCN
What’s with these terrible camera angles on kickoff returns
Jets up 20-3!
So... remember when we we’re all talking about how Ben had demonstrated his leadership early on? Looks like that was a lie...
"Jets up 20-3 on the Browns, just pull everyone at this point and rest until the playoffs seeding isn't that important this year anyway"
"I don’t know if I can hang out here for the rest of this game...on one hand? 

I get to communicate with people just as upset as I am...on the other hand... it makes me even more upset."
Sammy D with the TD.
"“Come on, we're still in this game. Just two touchdowns, a couple of two point conversions, an onside kick and we're only a field goal away.”"
We are a joke.
Throw it deep you muppets
"Are you guys over Diontae Johnson’s wrong route and lack of focus yet?

I know I’m done with Fichtner.

Also, stop defending Conner. He was never going to replace Bell"
That’s Benny snell football baby!!! 2 yards and a cloud of dust
Every afc wanna play us in the playoffs
This team loses to the Jets.
I will stretch my fuck hole until we line up in a formation other than shotgun
Why does this offense always decide to start trying after it's too late
Two 1st downs in a row?! What is happening right now?!
"Holy shit, a pass over 10 yards and not Johnson..."
Whoa we remembered claypool existed
Finally CLAYPOOL
"Lol pretty sure the ref gave claypool an extra yard or two, even they feel bad for us"
Wtf is going on now? Decided it was time to let Claypool play.
It's amazing what throwing anything other than 2 yard passes to DJ does
Can somebody tell me why chase doesn’t play???
"WHY THE FUCK DO WE WAIT TO DO ANYTHING, DO IT IMMEDIATELY"
It feels a little late now.... for Ben to remember about Claypool. It’s been a while
Claypool is criminally underutilized.
 It’s almost like Claypool is good or something. Who woulda thunk?
WHERE WAS THIS 4 GAMES AGO!?
I'm sorry but where the fuck was this the first half
Defense getting a rest.
I took my jersey off before this drive. Any corilation?
Thank you get claypool involved pleaseeeeeee
"Ben had some ""alone time"" in the bathroom at half time."
Wtf is happening
Fade to claypool cmon
Give. Derek. The. Ball.
1st and goal and can't punch it in.
Lol using Benny Snell as a power back. Kill me.
lol
game lmao
This really sucks
This offense man...holy shit.
Amazing job team!
Unreal.
Wow. What a fucking joke. Fuck this team.
this team is beyond fuckin pathetic.....got the red zone skills of a kindergarten kickball team.....
Take the fucking points... I don't get it
Get the fuck out of here. Literally our best play led us to the redzone and we canttttt fucking score
Christ just like the skins game.
Typical.  Now the defense can give up a 98 yrd td drive that takes 15 min to end the game. Please.
This is pure comedy at this point
Refs pulling a refs. Should have been PI
It’s gotta be better being a jets or bengals fan at this point
Ben staring down Washington all play
We deserve nothing
The weather got cold and so did this team.
I can’t believe I’m going to watch this team play a playoff game
We fucking suck
"5 plays, only 1 run inside the 4..."
Pain.
"I'm done. Good drive, but 5 plays, a no call, and no points.  That's it for me."
Y don’t they run
"We are the hardest thing to watch, possibly ever."
Four pass plays on a goal line drive? Snell could have got that touchdown.
Throw to the 6’4 wide receiver four times. Don’t line our 5’8 wr on the outside. This shit is so obvious it hurts.
The one run they call on the goal line goes behind a tight end and a wide receiver...pop Warner teams have better play calling than this offense
Bro can you hit claypool in a fade 1 on 1 please
Claypool dropped a sure TD.
My college powderpuff team could have scored there
"Man snell should've kept the weight on or something. He bounces off of lineman like macfarland and he's 30 lbs heavier. Jesus, go eat something and do some RDLs"
I officially declare this season FUCKED
Boooooooo
Not sure why you don't go for the FG??
[Pain](https://i.gifer.com/M6X5.gif)
"Any downside to running wildcat with Dobbs in that situation? Like literally do anything but whatever the fuck that was

Edit: nvm I’m a dumbass he’s out"
Pick 6 plz and thank you
"Nice to see Sanchez back, now to hopefully see him back on the field a lot more the rest of the night"
Ooofff. That was a Colt helmet straight in the back. Glad both players got up.
How many drops do we have versus the rest of the league?
Well at least we start at tje 40 yard line
Running the same mix of plays over and over again and expecting a different result. Paying a fullback $10M and having him on the field and not using him to get ONE YARD. I just literally can't believe anyone can be this stupid.
That was fucking gorgeous
NFL app is on crack. Says the Steelers are in the redzone on the Jets 39.
LET'S GO! Don't quit!
“Noodle arm”
\*ejaculates\*
To think DJ couldn’t catch a beachball gently tossed to him 2 weeks ago...hell of a catch!
HOLY SHIT HE THREW FURTHER THAN 2 YARDS!!!!
i look away for 10secs and we score a huge td. gues sim not paying attention anymore
[deleted]
"Just woke up, forgot to set my alarm after picking up an overtime shift Christmas morning when I usually work nights.

Seeing the score I wished I had stayed in bed..."
HOLY FUCKING SHIT WHAT A CATCH!!!!
Now do it again.
Was that a ....deep ball? Wtf
"Here me out- Kicker by commitee. Wright for PATs, Boswell for Field Goals"
damn do that every play
Damn that was pretty.
"Good response Offense after that dud last time on the field

Need more of this please"
Gorgeous catch. Not confident but that's a plus
Play. Calling.
Lol I just don't even know anymore.
I like this marsh guy on special teams
"WE'RE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL BABY!!!

&#x200B;

But for real, excillerating play. Unfortunate that we are having such a hard time scoring close to the EZ but still an honest shimmer of light nevertheless."
I don’t get it
Lmao what is Mondeaux's fat ass doing on kick coverage?
"Defense right now is like ""....you couldn't take two plays to do that?"""
Why is the end of every 3rd qtr is when we wake up
"marsh number 49 looks angry, like this guy"
Ben has swapped arms with rivers I guess
"come on, dont give me false hope. i want to believe"
cue* rivers crying
Rivers likes to take a pounding.
Williamson was swiping for the ball like a madman on that sack. Love to see it.
jesus christ
Is this actually happening?
Time to get our swagger back
God Heinz Field is beautiful
Phillip Rivers is a moron.
Rivers is so annoying
Stfu Rivers
did we inject bens arm with throwing juice
It’s crazy how a baby has 9 kids.
"I know everyone says Rivers is a great trash talker, but he seems totally insufferable to me."
Rivers should stay away from cold frozen poles with that limp tongue. :)
"“Philip Rivers being expressive”

Code for Rivers being a lil bitch"
Bad decision Claypool
"I’m glad we’re moving the ball, yes but Jesus could we even pretend to have a plan for running the ball."
Why Claypool
"The ball was tipped, but the trip occurred first... not sure how that works."
A huge mistake but I’m filled with hope
Great 1st and goal.  Shit this sucks
"Thank you refs, you are my greatest ally"
Lol give the refs a gameball idgaf
Refs given more yards to Pit than they have in passing yards.
"At least when you attempt passes down field, there's a chance to get penalties called. Those don't happen with quick 3 yard passes."
Reports of our death were greatly exaggerated.
Flaaaaacccoooo!
I got tingles in my wee wee.
"Oh no....5 yards out... how will we score now?

NEVERMIND LETS GOOOOOOO"
Wright down the middle.
Holy fuck. We're doing it!!!
Holy fuck they want us to have a heart attack
This fucking team is a rollercoaster of emotions
Lots of PIs but they look like they’ve all been the correct calls so far.
"Color me surprised. I wasn't sure if they were EVER going to move the ball.  

Looks like I am done not watching the game."
Neither my brain nor my heart can make sense of this game.
"Looks like the offense figured something out in the second half, maybe this will get them started for the next coming weeks"
Here we go boys!
Are we alive?
What do we do with our little weiners if the Comeback is cemented? Mine has finally stopped turtling and it's showing slight signs of life. Even had some micro pulsations on that TD
Not getting my hopes up. 🤷🏻‍♀️
I hate loving how this team makes me believe
"D needs a big turnover here. Stop would be nice, but could you imagine the energy with a turnover. Renegade time"
And suddenly Browns play good lol? Like wth
"We need a pick here, to bury them emotionally."
Please baby Jesus let’s win by 2
I hope the defense doesn’t shit the bed
Vince can’t cover.
Chiefs losing to Falcons 14-10 with 4 minutes left...
They've hit Doyle on that same route with Vince Williams in coverage like 3 times.
Can’t give up a TD here Keith. Learn how to cover TEs already.
Imagine if Tomlin kicks a field goal there.
Not to state the obvious...but we need a stop or a turnover right NOW!
"Their tackle is named ""holden""? How fitting..."
"FYI, Ben has to throw at least 45 times if we want to win. Currently at 34"
LETS GO CAM!!!!!!!
"Tbh if the Browns lose I don't really care whether we win or lose. It'd be cool if Browns missed the playoffs which could haopen if we lose this game.

However I want to see at least something from this offense"
Will Dupree boys
well the defense has woke up
DEFENSE LOVE Y'ALL
Lets gooooo
Rivers trying to bitch for that call haha
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
"YES!!!!!!

GREAT stop!!!!"
We have a game folks!!
Please...
Did someone swap mcloud with Switzer without telling us?
Now let's not throw an interception
So I saw that Chiefs wont clinch a home advantage if they lose or if we win. Chiefs are Losing and we are on the way to possibly get a W :)
Anyone got the stats for the head to head matchup on Ben and Rivers? Who owns the all time series?
Offense needs to stay competent here. Early on in the year this was our money drive. Needs to be the money drive here to get back into some positive mojo
"Come on offense for the love up fuck please show us this year wasnt just a fluke. Please show us you’re worth something. More importantly, please fire Fichtner even if you win."
Browns coming back. Down 20-16 now
Funny how when you stretch the field a little it opens up some of the underneath stuff.
"Why are people open now?


Wtf is going on lol

Not complaining. Just wtf"
Look at that beautiful underneath
Lmao Jets being trash as always. From 20-3 to 20-16
Romo is reading our sub
"That one run accounts for like 80% of the run yards today.

Conner picked up barely 4."
CONNOR STRONG!!!
Look it's easier to run when all their players aren't up front.
Defenses haven't played this far off the line of scrimmage in weeks.
"Conner is so much better than Snell, it’s comical they had Benny taking major snaps in the first half"
WE RUNNING NOW BABYYYY
You know...Tony Romo knows his shit. I like the way he pointed out that having some success throwing downfield open the underneath stuff for you.
It’s amazing how different it looks
Wish I was able to see the game
Steelers had 8 rushing yards before that run. Now have 20 on 11 attempts
Dotson in and run game improves
Conner runs so scared
Was Ben yelling “ringo”? Lol
Conner have my babies
I think our running backs are making more money per rushing yard than any other team in the league.
Brilliant offensive pass interference by claypool
A couple of deep balls and now Ben can do what he wanted this whole time...
Claypool really just saved that lmao
Colts #26 going for an Academy Award there with that fall
Ok ben is pressing it. I guess its that time of game.
I enjoy watching James Conner succeed
JUJU!!!!
JUJU!!!!!!!!
Someone explain this team to me.
LSTS FUCKING GO
Is this real life???
I though ju ju sucked? Remember guys?! He dances!!! He fucking sucks!!!
where has this Steelers team been for the past 3 weeks and 2 quarters
Idk how he did it but Ben might win comeback player of the year just for the last two weeks.
Wow they finally decided to play lmfao
CORVETTE CORVETTE
Now you can dance baby
THE REDEMPTION OF JUJU! THANK YOU! LFG
OH MY GOD!!!!!
Wow. WTF? This is crazy
Juju just being Juju.
Let Juju Dance dammit!
Roethlisberger must have drank some of Butters’ Creamy Goo during halftime
WERE THE JUJU HATERS
They shot ben at halftime with the same stuff wolverine got at the end of Logan
Can't wait to hear how r/nfl says Juju is a below average receiver after that one
Hopefully Ben comes back next year 😳🙄 never doubted him
LFG!!!
Good job
I honestly never thought they could make this comeback. Please hold on.
Ben looks so relieved.
Dance on them logos
Roethlisberger must have drank some of Butters’ Creamy Goo during halftime
Can the defense close this game out?
"Ok boys time to tee off on Rivers..
gloves come ofg"
So what’s more likely? We have purposefully been calling short passes and no deep passes even though it hasn’t been working or Ben hasn’t been able to throw deep all season but now he suddenly can?
Come on back fair weather guys
Lmfao that tiny ass dance
Everyone gonna bitch about the refs now but it's not our fault the colts are committing these fouls. Ya some of it is questionable (as it is for every team this year) but they are definitely committing fouls.
STAY MAD PEOPLE
Juju haters incoming
Corvette corvette😈😈
FINALLY LETS GO BOYS
"Watching Red zone because we barely get Steelers games in NC.

Has Ebron been talking shit to the Colts sideline?"
Fire Ben he's too old.
Feeling good. I'm updooting like it's 1969.
Ben is back lol
"I’ll take my crow now, someone said fuck it in the locker room. I don’t know who but thank u"
Crazy we start throwing down the field again and we start scoring points again. Fire randy
I feel much better going into the playoffs win or lose today. Holy shit what a change in game plan at half.
C'mon D!!!
Whatever narcotic they injected into Ben’s arm at halftime they need to double it up and do the same about 30 minutes before the game!
100% I refuse to allow myself to feel joy until the clock says 0:00
Plaaaaaayyyy. Callllliiiing. Let's try to enjoy this people while we can haha.
Would be nice to have Boswell keeping them at the 25 every kickoff
I have no clue what happened but it's like a curse was lifted after halftime
This is honestly amazing. I’m amazed. I’m so happy they decided to wake up.
I told y’all earlier to chill about Ben
"I am screaming from Croatia, you have fans even here! GO STEELERS!"
INT
HILTON
LETS GO D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There’s that usually backbreaking Rivers INT.
OMFG IM NUTTING
I'm erect
I’m gonna need the defense to not fuck it up here
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS
GET IN HERE!!!!!!!!
MIKE HILTON IS THE BEST NICKEL IN HISTORY
Falcons I will forgive you for choking if you can beat KC
That's what's up.
I’m gonna cum
I love this team so much
Mike Hilton is so gone next year. Makes me sad.
"Steelers getting hot for the playoffs starting halfway through the 3rd quarter, LETS GOOO"
It’s like the football gods decided to turn all the possible tides at halftime wtf is going on lmao
Holy fuck we might win!
Mike hilton picking off rivers again lmao
LETS GOOO
That man is going to make soooooo much fucking money.
Mike Hilton has been balling out all season
Mike Hilton gets the game ball for sure.
Yes Steelers. Titan Up!
THIS TEAM IS WINNING THE SUPERBOWL BABY
Please lord let us resign Hilton
We need to go for at least a field goal here. I don’t want to see some anemic a gap runs that bleed off less than a minute
"Give highsmith some credit, Hilton made the play but highsmith caused it"
Wheres that punk KingJarrah
"Ben's _still_ not stepping into his throws, though. :/"
Doctson with a HUGE heads up play there. Not advancing further down field and making contact. Major!
Man al we need is an effective run game and were money
Big man JUJU!
I love JuJu idc what y’all say
Juju can dance on all my logos for all I care
3RD AND JUJUUUU
lol Atlanta.  What a team that is.
Why are they not running the play clock all the way?
Wow what a play
Conner >>> Snell
Falcons miss a 39 yard FG to tie the Chiefs. Of course.
Some good Juju when we need it!
I wish conner would put his head down and push forward
couple 1st downs and this one is over.
WR1
Who’s calling these plays? Frickin amazing stuff
Is the offense back?? Help me idk what to do with my hands!
"These situations are what scare me about this offense. 3rd and 1, we're up by 4, just killing time on the clock, and we don't know if we can move it that 1 yard because the run game sucks that much.

What. The. Fuck."
CROWN OUR ASSES 👑
Happier kc won tbh. We need a week off in 17
AFC is fucking stacked Holy shitttt
falcons need a exorcise for their choking problems. goodness gracious
"Ah, fuck, come on."
Predictable
He wasn’t out of bounds. What kind of bulls bit is that? Just fired them 25 seconds!
Out of bounds? Are you fucking stupid guys
Quick give Watt and Cam a few bumps of Adderall
"I don't feel good about this, at all"
God they should have just gone for it
"Would be nice to relax the last 2 minutes.

But nope, I’m a Steelers fan."
COME ON D
Oh God. Here We Go.
Rather have it in the hands of the D then the O
This team is terrified of gaining a yard on the ground
At least they need a TD here.
Oh mama
Come on D. Cook us up some magic here
Defense wins Chips
I’m so nervous
Okay Defense you got this 🙏
COME ON D. TWO MORE STOPS
CLENCHING UP
Browns gunna Brown it up
Come on boys let’s get a huge 2 stops here.
Ah here comes the shit tackling.
Need to get Vince off the field - he's looked sluggish coming back from COVID and they've been going after him all game. Just go dime.
Time for TJ to prove why he’s DPOY
I imagine these commercials from teams/players bragging about being able to do the impossible and calculating those odds with AWS have to be really annoying when your team is having a shit season.
I knew it
Highsmith was mugged
Fucking Chase on the sideline lol.
OF COURSE THEY CALL THAT PENATLY AND NOT THE HOLDING ON HIGHSMITH
Pretty weak flag
That looked more like OPI than DPI
"Bend, don’t break. Bend, don’t break."
Absolute bullllllshit
"Lol ""Theres a lot of Steelers in the area reminding him he didn't make the catch"""
Fuck off refs
Tough call but the Copts had a similar one called on them earlier
MINKAHHHHH
Minkah almost ended it
Keep them fucking in. Holy shit.
Currently: playing Renegade in my living room
come the fuck on defense. this is what you are fucking paid for
why am I waiting for Brisset to come in and take a QB draw into the endzone
Nelson needs to practice side shuffle
Cle driving down by 7
Come on man!
D has got to be getting gassed.
My heart is pounding
"Man, sucks that our Defense always let them pass the last minutes."
TY Hilton tried so hard to get that call hahahaah
All these 4th downs are killing me inside.
YES!!!!!!!!
HIGHSMITH LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOOOO
FUCK YESSSSSS
GAME!!!!!
FUCK YEAH! I'M GOING BACK INSIDE NOW
"Damn, what a nice adjustment at half"
Holy shit what a rollercoaster of a game!
"I do not understand. I am happy, but I do not understand. What is this team?"
"Didn't get the chance to watch this week, thanks for the updates lads."
My heart feels like it’s going to explode.
Highsmith with the timely pressure!! 
Victory formation holy crap
"Here we go Steelers, Here we go!!!!!!!"
KINGS OF THE NORTH
THE NIGHTMARE IS OVER BOIS
We win browns lose.  We can send them down the turnpike for good next week
I was holding my breath the entire game. Can’t believe we won this with the way we’ve been playing. We really needed this one.
HERE WE FUCKING GO! WHAT A WIN!
"I’ll take it, worst 12-3 team and proud of it"
LETS GOOOOOOO
"Serious question for Mike Tomlin’s more ardent defenders. If we go one-and-done again, how the fuck do you defend a guy who has won 3 playoff games in 10 years? I get that 11 years ago he made (and lost) a Super Bowl. But that was a decade ago. 3 playoff wins in 10 years. That is slightly better than Marvin Lewis right there. Is that what we’re aspiring toward? Is that the standard? I get the whole “never had a losing season” thing. But the playoff performance, with one of the best QBs of the generation, is abysmal."
Tomlin standing On the sideline looking like this: 😎
"Remember when teams feared this defense? Believe it or not, they did that during this season. Now, teams laugh at our D."
"Guys, calm down. Three touchdowns and we’re right back in this thing..."
"We literally have the worst team in the league right now. There isn't a team in the league that is playing this poorly. They aren't good at anything. They can't defend the run, can't defend the pass, can't run the ball, can't throw the ball, can't kick easy field goals, can't punt very well (ok, the punting has actually been decent)."
fuck it i’m about to do a victory wank
"""The Steelers can't run!"" 

Oh yeah, that's right, Ben wants every snap out of shotgun making us one dimensional. 

""The receivers have to catch the ball better!""

Every ball the receivers have caught today have been full extension grabs that makes it hard to run after the catch cause Ben can't throw worth a damn.

""Fire Randy Fichtner!"" 

Oh, wait, you mean Ben's bff who he got Haley fired for and threatened to quit before they did?

The issue is Ben and Ben is the issue. It just saddens me that some of you refuse to see it. 

Oh,"
Hope you guys win today. Also F you. Happy holidays!
Please keep blaming Fichtner for not having a QB that can throw the ball further than 5 yards.
Literally fire everyone. The Pittsburgh Steelers are done
Wow so this is what a competent OC’s opening script looks like.  Been a while since I’ve seen that
If Ben is that decimated by his knee injury then we need to put Rudolph in
we are so fucking predictable on offense
Why would juju do this? /s
"I hope everyone here understands how outrageously difficult it is to be a defensive player on a team with a shit offense. Don't get me wrong, our injuries on defense hurt a LOT, but in today's game its nearly impossible for a defense to carry an entire team."
Its ironic how we went 1-4 last season without Ben and playing both Mason and Dobbs to end 8-8 and now we ve ben we started 11-0 and end up going 11-5
"Might be an overreaction, but I actually enjoyed watching last years offense more than this one, at least for the past month. All last year I cried “this is a good playoff team if Ben is at the helm!” Looks like it might not matter."
Oh thank god.  You fucking figured it out.  Conner behind Pouncy.  Now stop with the Smell behind Villanuefuck.
"So, backup for a second, that ball to juju was a super catchable ball"
Lmao Ben is so so so so bad
"Throw into triple coverage then run on 2nd and 10. 

HOW MANY FUCKING GAMES DOES IT TAKE TO REALIZE THIS ISNT WORKING?

And a 0yd route on 3rd and 9? Fucking perfect"
BENCH BEN
GROW SOME FUCKING BALLS TOMLIN. MAKE A MOTHER. FUCKING CHANGE!!!
"First time I'll say it, bench ben. What's there to lose? We can only score on 1 yard drives anyway lmao"
"Real talk, could we wrap the division today if the Browns lose and a Steelers L? Even if we were to lose against the Browns next week assuming the Jets game is trending the way it is, I believe we would have Division wins locked?"
Ben isn't even making reads. He looks EXACTLY where he's going to throw it like every time from the snap. It's Reindeer time
So this is how browns fans felt for the past 2 decades...
Benching Ben isn’t gonna change the outcome of this game guys. It’s all coaching
"Offense is like ""Ugh we gotta play more football again....I just want my paycheck and to go home"""
Bench the starters. If they are tired which I don't deny then bench them
Can we agree that it's time Ben hangs it up?
Maybe Claypool is being punished for his tiktok too
Yeah I’m sorry fuck Tomlin that clock management is absolutely shocking shocking
Juju fumbling on that play lmao
I wish there was fans in the stands to boo that horrendous performance.
how the fuck did 11-0 happen?
AT LEAST THE BROWNS ARE LOSING TO THE JETS
No surprise here but our linebackers are getting absolutely abused. I never want to see Avery Williamson play here again
"Get an ambulance for Watt, fast, fast, fast. Every  second counts we cannot loose this man. WHERE'S THE AMBULANCE"
**WHY HAVENT WE BEEN THROWING TO CLAYPOOL ALL FUCKING DAY?!?**
LMAO fuck off this team sucks
I don't know how I'm going to get out of this Colts bar without fighting someone. Pray for me.
All on Ben there. Make your damn throws consistently
this team is complete trash
Can someone explain to me why we didn’t kick? Wasted the great drive. We need the FG anyway?
Why are we throwing to Claypool over the middle.  Why not in the corner and let him jump for the ball.
Ben is Randy.  Randy is Ben.
"Help us, NYJ.  You're our only hope."
This offensive playcalling is the worst in the NFL.  Fichtner is a joke but so is Ben.  Let’s not act like Ben isn’t the damn OC as soon as Haley was canned.
oh wow only took 15 games for Ben to connect on a deep TD
"That's what u do big ben, not this dink and dunk 2 yd pass bullshit!"
That stupid whiny old fuck Rivers doesn't deserve a ring. Johnson got fucking tripped.
Refs are helping us today. Twice now
Washington Farm Hands^(TM)
I fucking HATE when we play like pussies
The old Joe Flacco school of completing balls down field.
I paid the refs.
Really wish we got that fg over instead of going for it on 4th or didn’t fuck up the clock before the half
You ever realize tony romo lives in a world of what ifs? Like he just makes up crazy scenarios all the time.
Conner>>>>>>>>>>>Snell 💩
Lets go Refs
Here we fucking go! Every negative nancy in here can go fuck off!
"If we win this, it is gonna be like nobody ever criticized Ben, and the narrative will be back when we were undefeated, isn't it?"
"Can we not do the last second stop in the endzone.

Stop it before that"
A lot of you fuckers need to start cheering on this team and quit nitpicking every little detail and acting like we're the jets.
"Tomlin+Fichtner+bad O-line is just straight trash. Team is losing 4 in a row, adjust your fucking team or get lost. Dude always points out that we didnt do enough at press conferences, but smh manages to let the team play worse than the previous games. Wtf man"
This thread is moving so fast nobody will notice I'm gay
Easily the worst offense in football
Time to force Ben to retire. Can’t waste another season
Call me toxic all you want but a genuine good head coach gets more than one super bowl out of a HOF QB in 15 years.
"I'm a Tomlin fan but we got played there by Rivers. At this point, I'd rather put Mason in there, and fuck it all, even if he throws deep to Washington for 4 downs in a row, just can't stand this crossing routes shit and o-line that can't block shit"
Tomlin on the sidelines rn: 😎
"So, if the Jets hold on, Kings of the North upvote party? 

What? Anyone? Anyone?"
What's the harm in putting Rudolph in? We lose? We'll we've been doing that with Ben so not much will change there. Passing game can't get much worse because it's rock bottom. Turnovers? Ben has been doing that the past month
We need juju to do another tik tok dance
Okay hear me out. Steelers legend jerrick McKinnon
Cant wait to see us play a great game only for fucking Chris Boswell's groin to screw us
Why even catch a pass.
Wow. 3 drops in a row
Tomlin really prepared this team I see
Glad we made zero adjustments
The fuck is Conner doing? Dude Is scared to run lmao
Villanueva has become the worst tackle in the NfL it’s sad
"Thank you for pointing that out, Romo. NFL been dicking us over with the schedule"
I love how everyone is debating why our offense sucks. Ben is declining! No our playcalling sucks! No we have no running game! No our offensive line is ass! Perhaps it's all of the above people
It seems the only person on this team who hasn't just fucking quit is Hilton.
Sarrett is the worst OL coach in the league
"This commercial haha

“Enough Crohns!! 🤚”"
Go jets?
"Man, I miss running games."
Getting dominated on both sides of the ball again
Good thing hockey starts in 2 weeks. LGP
"Whatever this team has to do to keep bud Dupree. They need to do it. Idc if that means cutting ben, or juju, any of them. No point in having a ton of money tied up in the offense if they can't produce."
Snell useless.......honestly
"Lmao Diontae for -2 yards on 3rd down.

Where the fuck is Rudolph?"
Might as well try Mason. Seriously.
Fire Fichtner at half time PLEASE
[deleted]
"r/steelers: "" Benching Ben will definitely make pass blocking better."" 🤦‍♂️"
It honestly feels like our offense is trying to tank while our defense is trying to win (although the Colts have had their way with us so far). Can someone from the Rooney org. sack up and tell Fitchner to get lost?
Where’s the fucking holding
Ben should not be playing. Enough is enough
3 playoff wins since 2011.
"If/when we lose and the Browns lose today, do we win the division?"
"Why can Miami put in their backup after their starting QB makes one bad pass but we can’t put Rudolph in for a drive after Ben has 5 bad games

Brian Flores COTY"
"As a Titans fan, I hope ya’ll can get the win. But your offense needs to step it up!"
Are we watching the end of Ben?
Ben has to be injured. This is not what we saw the first 10 weeks
Worst 11-0 team of all time not even debatable
Pretty sad how after going 11-0 we're going to lose the division next week to the browns. That game's going to be a terrible blowout too.
Tomlin needs to be gone after this season
Call a timeout you dumbass
Worst coaching staff in the NFL. What a fucking joke.
When does  CBS cut to a different game?
"I don't think people have a good grasp on the average level of coaching available in this league if they're wanting Tomlin out now. Be careful what you wish for. 

He's far from perfect but the decline has pretty dramatically coincided with Ben falling off a cliff. We beat some very good football teams when we were 11-0. 

There are probably 25 QBs out there who would be giving us more than CFF right about now. He's playing like Duck and Mason of last season at this point. Maybe worse. You can't find me an example of a great team with that type of QB play in 2020."
"Jesse James caught that ball!!!
Life would be so different.."
"I know our backups are ass but here’s the thing. As much as Mason sucks and Dobbs is inexperienced, they can throw the screens and short slants AT LEAST as well as Ben has the past 5 games. Why not make Dobbs active and try him? Sure he probably can’t throw the medium or deep ball very well but neither can Ben and then at least we have a playmaker which is something this offense desperately needs. He’s a good running threat which could help the run game and maybe open things up on offense and help us not be so one dimensional. I don’t know, just thinking out loud."
We can bitch about the offense all we want but the defense has been outcoached worse than anyone. Keith butler HAS to go more than anyone else
Fuck Phillip Rivers and his 17 kids
No one on offense or defense should be celebrating. You look like an idiot down 3 scores tuitt.
Why is fichtner allergic to the I-formation?
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL YOU JV FUCKS
Claypool should have caught that. And Ben should have thrown that better to Washington. Goodnight
Bailed out and still couldn’t get the TD.
How is everyone here blaming Ben for that red zone attempt when we literally dropped the fucking ball lmao
The 2019 backup offense was more of a spectacle than this. So embarrassing.
If the browns lose are we division champs anyway?
It’s too early to start drinking
No fucking way.............
Too everyone that thought Ben was done... Go fuck yourself. Clearly play calling and game scheming is the difference.
Ben with 330 yards and 3 TDS and a dropped TD.  Of course he should have been benched the 1st half.
Awful call
The NFL is rigged. They will keep the games close at all costs. BS calls.
MAKE BEN FUCKING RETIRE. WE ARE PAYING AN INSANE AMOUNT FOR THE WORST QB IN THE LEAGUE
"Do you think fans of other teams are as insufferable as Steelers fans, or is it just me? I hate our sub."
"I really have no idea what it's going to take to realize that Ben is the problem with this team. ""But we don't have a run game!"" How fucking can me with this selfish pos insists on running everything out of the shotgun to suit *his* wants?

Its not about the team with this guy, not sure what more needs to be seen or said before the problem lies with him.

Another wasted season down the tubes."
"“Can’t wait to not score here”

Literally half this thread of jabronis."
Bills fan coming in peace. What in tarnation is up with this offence? It hurts to watch the same couple of plays over and over and over again. What is the malfunction here? It's apparent that all teams have locked in on this underneath business. Why is fichtner being so one dimensional?!
I'm done with Tomlin after that - inexcusable.
0-4 in December this year. Just Tomlin things
[deleted]
Reading this thread feels like I’m watching the game with my Dad and FIL.  Lots of bitching.  LOTS OF BITCHING.
"This thread ""I don't really understand football so I'm gonna ignore our old washed o-line getting thrashed and blame Tomlin not 'firing' guys up!"""
we’re worse than the jets aren’t we
All they have to do I run it toward Highsmith. Dupree loss was massive especially for setting the edge.
Delusional fan theory: We’re sucking on purpose so teams can’t plan for us heading into playoffs. Gonna let it fly and start using our offensive weapons in a much more creative way then.
I can’t believe I’m saying this . . . Bench Ben for the reindeer
"If you think Ben's arm is still capable, you're a blind idiot. He can't throw more than 10 yards"
**BENCH** **BEN** **FFS**
"Guys remember no losing seasons, we don't live in our fears, the standard is the standard, if I don't play well I need to hang em up. Who cares about winning when you have stuff like that?"
Captain fat fuck fires again
I have exhausted my backing of Mike Tomlin.
Did Tomlin seriously just put his best WR on punt duties?? What a fucking moron
"You all say the wildest shit about Tomlin but he motivated the team to compete and rally. Fuck you all. I hate Steelers fans.

Edit: if it’s not obvious, I’m a Steelers fan."
"I know it will never happen, but Ben needs to be benched. He's the Karen of NFL qbs now. Move the fuck on."
"Steelers should have just sat ben for few weeks for playoffs. 

Juju sucks. Get him off field. 

Tomlin not calling timeout is pathetic. 

Playcalling is putrid"
Why is Marcus Allen out I didn’t know he was hurt?
"Does anyone know of a place to stream the game? I have Youtube TV, but CBS seems to be playing the Browns instead"
Any y’all know how to listen to the game? I’m about to be in a car ride for the whole thing but the Steelers app says I’m not in the authorized area to listen :/
What happen to boz?
another headache incoming
Hopefully we wear block jerseys in the playoffs. Kinda bummed about it
I’m ready be hurt again
On ESPN it says the steelers have a 61% chance of winning. I don’t know how that’s even possible
It's been a while since we've had a regular Sunday afternoon game.
Are we undefeated playing at 1 pm?
My body is ready
So have we given up on Conner?
Can we win a coin toss for once?
I'm scared
Starting hot DJ
Those are 3 plays that included 2 uncatchable balls by ben. Smdh
10/10 start going 3 and out
Three slants eh? Ground breaking Big Brain Randy moves
"Well, this is terrible"
great start
"Whats with the bad camera angles. Feel like so far away.

So they just did a 3 and out with the same crap. Didn't learn a thing I guess. Target CLAYPOOL early and often. Back off off 18 and 19."
Great start
So before the game they were talking about Ben possibly being hurt and I think it is the case
Here we go again. Lmao
That.  Drive.  Was.  Awesome.
Holy shit that was pathetic.
Shit playcalling once again
Lmao. Nothing changed.
lmao fuck this
Ben is trash. He’s done.
That punt lasted longer than our entire drive
16 second 3 and out 🤩. What a start
We are just pathetic
Good to see us trying something different...
"Was able to get it a small bit. Thanks again!
Edit: Nevermind. Had to turn it off. Can't tap my screen without an ad coming up. Thanks again though."
Oh look! A running back!
"Looks like we uh, we still don't run the ball"
Another one of those days.
I didn’t want to drink today...
Offense looks like it's picked up where it left off
How does Claypool not sniff the field on the openings drive? How long are we gonna act like Johnson is better?
"""Alright offense lets do something""

*16 second drive, all throwing slants*"
"Looks like a long fucking day boys, strap in"
officially jealous of every other team's rb's at this point
Berry better keep that leg warm if that’s a preview of today’s offense
TJ DPOY?!
Ily Watt
"Go, TJ!!!!!"
Must be nice to have a run game
Fuck yea Watt
Of course
Sick
Good thing we didnt have anymore defenders for that rookie to run through
"Disagree with Romos report. 

Out key to defense is making Phillip cry like the baby he is and get flustered."
how do we go from 11-0 to looking like one of the worst teams in the league
Your pizza is not good
We look bad
We are so bad the stream I’m watching is 2 mins behind and as it started the live game was already punting to the colts.
Just end the season
Watch people start claiming that our defense is tired already.
"Well that was fun, see ya boys in the 4th quarter :)"
Just hope this won't be a blowout. One offense came to play and the other to pretend like they're trying.
Hope Jordan Berry warmed up his leg today. This is going to be out of hand by halftime.
Really weird technique by Sutton there - must have assumed that Pittman was going to go out there. Was cooked because he was faced the wrong way.
This is going to be a long game if both sides keep this up.
Im already embarrassed
"Oh boy, it's gonna be one of those days"
Biggest fucking meltdown from 11-0 to this shit
So anything new on Netflix worth watching?
I usually expect the offense be the one to not show up. I see it’s both sides today.
“Can’t get worse than this” oh how we thought we were right
This team man
Defense is cooked
"Huh, so this is what an offense looks like"
Wide open for fuck sake. Cover those guys for once jesus
D getting shredded
Wow after that sack it's just been too easy for the Colts.
Guess I’m getting an early start on drinking...
"P A T H E T I C 

A

T

H

E

T

I

C"
This team looks so unconfident.
No one is interested in playing today it appears
Those 7 points are completely on our defense.
It’s ok Tomlin there’s always next year
This might get ugly
Pathetic
GG
That was so bad...
GGs.
"Isn't this game supposed to be live?  If so, then why does it look the same?"
"Well, fuck."
well i think we just lost cause this offense can’t score 14 points 😔
Ben better bring his big boy pants today.
"Ok, the real question I have now is:

How did this team win 11 games?"
I’m here for the pain
We gonna run run pass now?
[deleted]
Must be nice to actually have a run game. Colts have backup lineman in & they're dominating our d-line
I really did not want to start drinking this early today... goddammit.
Special teams has been garbage since like week 7 too. Wonder why this team started so well and has since become the worst team in the league
So if Ben is under center it's a run. Shotgun pass.
We are fucking DOOMED.
AYE FIRST DOWN RUN WHO SAW THAT COMING
We gained 6 yards!
I can't remember feeling so defeated at this stage of a game.
Please run this down lol
**HOLY SHIT WE GOT A FIRST DOWN**
If Conner makes one guy miss easy first down
Credit Ebron a tackle.
Holy shit...was that a 1st down AND 3rd down conversion?
Fucking joke
"3rd and 1? 

Nah, let's lose yards"
God we suck lol
Go for it bitches
"So, so pathetic."
Oh lord.
Can’t even get one fucking yard.......
Randy looks at his play sheet like he doesn't have a fucking clue
Freaking 3rd and freaking 1 and we can't run the ball
This team has been unwatchable since our first loss
Why is AV in 2 point stance. That is complete BS. 3rd and 1 hr should be in 3 point.
Conner has to get that first down
Our best chance of winning is throwing every down and our passing offense isn’t even good
Most predictable stop ever
Surprise can’t pick up a yard. Miserable offense
The Steelers offense is putrid.
At least Berry looks good
Can't get 1 yard you lose the game.
Good riddance Al.
I miss when we had a run game.
Why can't we ever do a quarterback sneak?
Come on let’s get a safety!
I am here to read Fire Tomlin comments
Lots of retooling needed this off-season
We need a HoF game from Ben today.
Nuke this whole damn offense holy shit
Gonna be a lot of interesting strategies by teams next week trying to get the right seed to match up against us
Man why is no one getting bitched at on the sidelines?
Need a new line
And a new oc
Come on d
O Coordinator and Oline must have off season changes
I'm getting the sinking feeling that this is the same team that LOST to the Bengals. Don't let it be so!
Hopefully our offense is watching the Colts and are learning they are allowed to block.
A tired team😴
Awful fucking tackling.
Fucking Vince sucks
Can we not get Dobbs to do the QB sneak?
I swore tuitt was gonna go OFF this year.......
Lmao how is Mitch trubisky better than Ben
Unless our defense scores 3 times this isn’t gonna be pretty.
im not feeling really good about this game rn
"Here we go for the fourth in a row. We still have no runners and receptors still have their gloves soaked in butter.

And I can bet that Tomlin will still make stupid decisions on this game, so here we go, I expect nothing but will still hope for a miracle win, knowing that most likely it will not come."
"Some things in life are unexplainable. Aliens, the McRib, and how the hell the organization still keeps Randy around as an OC. The play calling has been the same EVERY game."
Hilton is the fire once again
Every other team just looks so much more complete on offense
Good stop.
Hilton on Hilton violence
Here's a shock. Crossing pattern was wide open for the 1st down.
We could probably do something cool like that with Vance. But our offensive coordinator has the creativity of a snail
Was that my boy Big Play Willie Gay on the sideline?
Hilton got beat.  The under throw saved him
I would fall out of my chair if we get a single post -season win the way we’re playing.
"Jacoby Brisket > our front 7 apparently. Primartis, east your hearts out."
"Good defense, now let’s go score boys"
Come on offense. Please do something.
End around to the short side?!
Why in the blue hell is this offense running through Johnson?
Hilton is this teams Willie Gay
"What happened to ""We Do Not Care"" lmfao."
Lmao he didn't even hesitate on the play action
WOW THIS IS EMBARRASING.
Jfc
"DJ gets 2 yards rushing and its like 8 times better than the current average, HA"
Oh God this is ugly.
This is absurdly bad
This is pathetic really fucking pathetic.
Say tired again. I dare you.
This is fun
This offense is putrid. Draft a qb that can actually run to make up for this crap oline
Yea just throw 5 yards downfield on 3 and 17
"Besides us actually improving going into the playoffs is it better for the Steelers to win or lose this game?

Doesn't us losing hurt the Browns and Ravens as well?

*Please tell me there's a positive to this cause this offense is painful to watch*"
"I think he's literally incapable of throwing beyond 10 yards anymore, so maybe that's why they have a one-dimensional quick pass game. What I don't understand is why they don't at least try Rudolph."
How come we hold our receivers accountable and benched Diontae when he sucked but won’t do the same for Ben
No losing seasons! Yes! Yes! Yes!
"Oh Randy boy, why do you still have a job?"
"All these people calling for Rudolph, unless Rudolph can play tackle it isn't gonna help."
We are worse now than we were last year 🤣
Ben not even looking to throw the ball down the field
We are not doing a fucking thing until we have a line that can play.
What exactly would Rudolph have done better on any of those plays?  Y’all are wild
The most predictable offense in football.
"At the beginning of the season this defense celebrated with each other after plays. Now they just kind of meh and move on.

It could be we were getting sacks frequently or maybe the comraderie is on ice a bit from the losing.

It's important to stay positive even when it's tough."
AV on the bench trying to remember how to play
"O-line just doesn't give a fuck, playing for paychecks"
"Guys I’m new to Pittsburgh so I need some help here. I’ve heard rumors that the Steelers third string quarterback is actually better then Rudolph? Is this true and if you were coach, would you consider bypassing the second string and going to third and seeing what he has"
We are lucky he ran into his own dude lmfao. That was 14-0
Bench Ben
Take a look at these highlight plays like the one the showed for Trubisky. He’s just sitting in the pocket calm knowing he has at least a couple of seconds to wait for the route to break. We have NONE of that. Ben looks panicked and pressured before he even completes his drop. Our oline is so bad. Like it’s going to take years to fix it as it’s not 1 or 2 guys - it’s across the board.
I'm already over this game if this is how its going to be
We’ve become the laughing stock of the NFL. This shit hurts
"*Ben forces ball that gets picked* WHY DIDNT HE CHECK IT DOWN
*Ben checks it down* WHY DIDN'T HE THROW THE BALL"
Lol nobody 15 yards nears their return man
Finally
Sign Hilton now
Field goal time
Needed 2 more yards...now they'll never make it lol
"Thank fuck for you, Mike Hilton"
Defense saving the offense yet again
Can we get three yards though??
"Our defense gotta love em, it’s all we got right now"
Fuck yeah Watt!!!!
Colts fan here. What’s that building in the pitt skyline that has a top like a castle? Looked really cool
Fire Danny smith. Not one Steeler within 15 yards of that returner. Unfuckingreal this team is garbage.
Tj Watt is single handedly saving this team lmao
Holy fuck a play
Steelers football is something I’ve always looked forward to during the week. These past few games have been hard to watch and it really bums me out.
Damnit Hilton should have scored. We can’t get 3 yards
Let's fucking go!!!!
"To hell with it. Put Dobbs in. With how garbage our O-Line is playing, we need a mobile QB to get out and get a few yards here and there. It really can't get any worse."
"Ah damn wish he would have got there, the 3 yards may be too much for our O."
THE DEFENSE WANTS TO WINNN
GIVE HILTON A BLANK CHECK
THERE IT FUCKING IS!
If we don’t punch this in I’m turning it off
Thank God for Watt
"TJ WATT WITH THE HIT! MIKE HILTON WITH THE SCOOP!

STEELERS NOW ENTERING THE HEINZ RED ZONE"
Damn at this point I trust more in the D scoring than offense
How the fuck are we going to get 3 yards???
"First down: run up mid

Second: big al gives up sack 

Third: drop

4: field goal"
The ref just fucked us out of 6
Damn we needed him to get in.
Hilton!!
"6 straight games without the offense scoring any points in the 1st quarter. That’s an incredible stat. We look exhausted, zero confidence, Ben looks like he’s just done, OLine looks like a shell of their former self"
My love for Mike Hilton is endless.
At least we’ll get a field goal. Lol
3 and out or an INT.
Ref needed to get his fat ass out of the way
Offense will still screw this up
PUNCH THE FUCKING BALL IN GODDAMN IT!!!
Mike Fucking Hilton!!!
I'd put money on us not scoring here
Fire that damn ref!
THANK YOU RIVERS YOU OLD FUCK
snell fucking suuuuuuuuuuucks!
Nice nice easy 3 points now
If there wasn’t a zebra in the way that’s six points
Why didn’t he cut it outside?
LETS. FUCKING. GOOOOOOO!!!!
I’m buying a Hilton jersey if re re-signs this off-season.
DPOY and it’s not close
"Steelers defense pulling a Thanos. ""Fine, Ill do it myself"""
Yup field goal here we come
"If the offense gets any less than 7 points from this fumble recovery, to the 3 yard line, they might as well hang it up. The entire offense. They have to be able to make those 3 yards."
"If we can’t cash in this, we’re done"
Defense absolute carrying our offense yet again
What the The fuck was that play.
Forced pass to first read.  Check for play #2
Can we just start giving Mike Hilton offensive snaps too?
"In the redzone...

EMPTY SET, BEN IN THE SHOTGUN

🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡"
Put TJ in as WR
Our playbook is a pamphlet.
"You've gotta call something imaginative here, Fichtner. If you call a run up the gut so help me"
If we can't score here then the defense should just forfeit
Our fucking route tree must just be a stick. Jesus christ..
Ok Field goal
"Snell is absolute cheeks, get him off the field"
It is a touchdown saved by referee
"Three yards out, three tries =3 points. Fuck..."
"Ball was behind him. He was open. Ben's out. I line is out. We suck

Rebuild now while we have the D"
Pay every defensive free agent this offseason. Blow up the offense and try again - an undrafted rookie was better than this.
Come on Juju just make it easy please
Wtf Juju. This offense sucks badly
This offense looks like they've never played together
Turnover on downs and just try and force a safety?
"Can we not run the ball for 2 goddam yards?

Edit: WE DID!"
We got a rushing TD boys!!
99 was the only one who didn’t jump off lol
James Conner!
Qb sneak it
WE SCORED AHAHAAHHH
Holy shit we scored.
LET'S GO CONNER. Still Fuck this offense.
Whaaaaat! Lol
Is our offense worse than last year
Thank fucking goodness.
Thank fucking god
Thank God for the refs. Still good push from Conner
"Yo, I like Johnson but why is him and Ebron the only two Ben looks for"
Wait we scored?
Thank fucking god a rushing score unbelievable
all day Conner
THANK GOD
Back in this bitch
YAY we got a yard!
Somebody order me some new underwear STAT because I just erupted into mine. A one yard rushing touchdown. Wow.
Let’s hope this lights a massive fire under the team!!
Like pulling teeth
"Fire Fichtner, fire the OLine coach. Draft a QB in the first (even if it means trading up), RB in the second, OLine in the third and fourth. Let Conner and Al walk. We need a mobile QB with potential to relieve Ben midseason if he doesn't have it, and we need more creativity on offense"
WOOOOOOOI
Wow a fucking rushing TD. Never thought that could happen
Amazing how we were running Benny Snell in that situation. Dude is not a power back. Good to see James back.
Not a regular steelers listener but listening to the broadcast on radio. Is something wrong with one of the steelers broadcasters? Sounds like he’s having a hard time talking ?
It’s still going to be a struggle this game lol
"The only way we win games is the defense. The offense is completely fucking lifeless. Hate to say it, but Ben is cooked, he's playing scared and its ruining the productivity."
Honestly if Ben is hurt and we already clinched the playoffs why isn’t Rudolph in? I’d rather play Rudolph for 2 games and give Ben time to rest up if the hyperextended knee is really the issue at hand. Right now Ben is doing us no good at all.
Not a single target to claypool? Smh
A special teams penalty that isn’t on us? So you’re saying there’s a chance...
"Hey, we’re relying on the defense to get us points, just like 2019. Almost like all 3 of our QBs are trash..."
TD in the first half I’ll take it
Ref gifted them a yard with that spot
"Ahhh, the chocolate river. Dont fall in, Augustus."
Go YouTube it
"Titans fan here never thinking I would be rooting for the Steelers. BUT, please win...thanks."
Anyone talking shit on defense get the fuck out :)
Holy shit call that holding
Blatant no call on the hold on watt there
Think that was holding? Lmfao
Why can’t our receivers ever be this wide open?
Bruh where tf was that hold on tj
At least the Browns are losing 14-3
Holding again!
so tj can get hold all day and they dont call it
They’re going after Hilton in coverage.
Watt was getting clotheslined!!
We’re letting Philip Rivers do this to us. Imagine what Mahomes would do with Kelce and Hill lmao
First holding call will go against us too
How that is not a hold
Tj in a fucking headlock there.  Is this WWE?
Iron turnstile run defense
"wow they picked up those 3 so easy, what is that like"
Rivers carving us up
These Colts wideouts are so wide open it’s unreal.
Shit ass D boys
Our run defense is pathetic
Whatever defensive scheme this is. It needs to stop. It’s getting absolutely shredded.
What has happened to our defense? Literally swiss cheese out there
Does stephon tuitt still play on this football team?
teams shouldn't even get 3rd downs against us..  after second down they should just be given a first down because we can't stop fucking shit on 3rd down....or any down.  fucking automatic every fuckin game
This is what it looks like when you have a guy who knows how to call and design plays
We win division with jets win right?
98 needs to wrap up and finish
Fucking Pathetic
Gonna let a rookie run right up the middle on us
196 pound Nyheim Hines just pushed through Vince WIlliams.
Fucking garbage.
Do we have a sack today?
Jets might save our ass since we can't do the job ourselves
This is laughable. Three guys can’t take down a runner.
So does anyone think we go to Cleveland twice in 2 wks and do anything?  Honestly?
Hopefully we get the ball inside the 5 again for a field goal.
This sucks man
Why are we like this 🥲
Make your damn tackles....
vince still not healthy at all
Why do we never use our arms to tackle?
how are we looking. just tuning in
I wish I could not care
Run d where are you
Seeing Kevin Greene gave me a pit in my stomach.  He was great on and off the field
Bruhhhh
"Honestly, Ben needs to get out of his own head. That was not a throw he needed to make"
They’re daring us to throw MFO because they know we won’t go there.
Triple coverage to Eric Ebron. Nice
"triple coverage, ben. really?"
"Hell yeah, throw it into triple coverage."
Fucking into triple coverage?
Just punt on third down
"incomplete pass, 1 yard run, 5 yards pass"
Washed
"Ye olde throw into triple
coverage"
Ben is playing 4D chess. Trying to throw ints that hill injure the defense
Oh look 3rd down
Triple coverage
We need a first down yeah let's throw to the line of scrimmage.....
Can't get a fucking yard. What happened to this team.
at least our tired defense is about to get back on the field.
3rd and 9 LOL
I'm really glad we have Jaylen Samuels as a WR instead of Claypool
Let’s go Jets!
What the fuck is Ben doing
Holy shit this offense continues to disappoint and I can’t be more disappointed.  I’m honestly impressed
What the actual fuck is going on here
3rd and 9 and we don’t throw intermediate passes?
This is like watching a varsity vs jv scrimmage
Snell just got tackled by 1 arm. What a fucking pussy
Why’s Okafor so bad lol
Nothing like a pass behind the line of scrimmage to get your team excited
This is pathetic.
Bro wtf Snell looks scared af to run. Why does he look so shook
Ben throw a drag or 15yd pass to three defenders.
What in the flying fuck is this offense man? Like Jesus it’s 3rd snd ten ben
IName a worse unit in the NFL than the Steelers offense?
Why is Ben even throwing to him? DJ had 3 guys on him and the only thing he could do is not turn it over.
This team is mentally soft it seems like except for a few players on defense like TJ and Heyward
Rick Sanchez: quick 3 and out. No more than 20 seconds off the clock.
We suck
It is now very obvious to me that they are calling these short plays because Ben can’t be trusted to do much else.
Im gunna turn this game off before it gets ugly and im in need of a new TV
Second half adjustments would be great.
"Next 3 and out, pass over the middle to Johnson, tackled for a loss somehow. Snell up the middle for gain of one. And a 5 yard pass to Johnson(dropped)"
What happened to this team lmao
It really looks like we make no weekly adjustments at all
seems the jets dont want that #1 seed that badly lol
It’s not necessarily Ben. It’s fichner. A high school coach could scheme against him and shut his game plan down. It’s so predictable and thoroughly ineffective
"I think at this point, it's no longer that we're playing poorly. We're just not a very good team."
"Honestly, I think I'd rather shit in my hands and clap than watch another three and out."
"No run game, no pass game. We are really gonna lose out aren't we"
We're getting beaten down by a much better team. The Steelers are not a good team now. This game is going to be out of hand soon. The Colts are going to be up at least 21 to 7 going into the half. Does anyone honestly think that this offense can come back from that?
"I don't think Ben can throw the ball down field accurately. He is done, do not bring him back next year. I don't want to see Ben needing a snickers on the sideline anymore."
im so bored of the offense
does it make me a fake fan if i stop watching already? you know what i don’t care either way
At least the nba is back on
Just watch the browns game tbh
"This is a baaaadd combination of OC calling the same constant slants as he did with Rudolph last season, combined with An aged aching Ben whos field vision is going blind. 

Here's to next year."
Rivers got murdered for that TD
lmfao were so bad
stunning and brave Pitt effort
Ugh. Trash offense. This is painful to watch.
Please cut AV
This is not going to end well
That's one way to get the defense off the field.
Can we end the game at half.  Why bother a 2nd half?
Who tf is 49?
That’s game.
This game is OVER!! Unfortunately it was over before we came out of the tunnel.
Games over
This is over. Let’s pray the Jets win and rest everyone next week
Damn. Looking like some certified ass today
"Just fade me, fam."
Wow! how the fuck!?
got up to get a slice of pie and we down by another 7 :(.
"At this point, if there is truth to this whole ‘this team is tired’ thing, just sit people down the rest of this week and next. Sure seems like getting this team rested and healthy is a lot more important than a home game."
Unfortunately this isn't surprising anybody.  Hopefully we figure out to keep Bud.  Maybe get lucky and draft a QB.  This year derailed. Too many injuries and Ben just isn't able to do it anymore.
Not scoring before the half would guarantee the game is over at this rate.
This team couldn’t come back from a 3 point deficit
[deleted]
Wide eyed Tomlin incoming
Any way we can get Trevor Lawrence
I don’t understand why the offense refuses to try anything different. Maybe time to grab a QB off the bench.
"All we can hope for is that the Jets pull off the win, and we can treat next week as an actual bye and hope a week off re-charges the team for wildcard weekend. 

It probably won’t. But it’s all we got."
"Alrighty, we’re playing like dog shit. Let’s go Steelers. Through thick and thin."
Nice an unnecessary block in the back :)
"So a 3 and out and punting from our end zone, great."
This team needs blown up. It’s toxic as fuck
Can’t even get a fucking return without a penalty. This is such a badly coached team.
"Ben needs to figure himself out if we're even gonna THINK about having a chance in the postseason. And honestly, as badly as he's playing right now, benching him won't help him do that."
wheres claypool?  Mcdonald?
"No adjustments for the offense in literally a fucking month, absolutely infuriating."
"I think I'm most annoyed with myself. I keep thinking ""this is the week we turn it around"" or ""this is the drive we turn it around"" or ""this is the PLAY we turn it around"".…... And that never comes."
so sick of these offensive plays
There’s only so many times a defense can get stops. Doesn’t matter how good they are.
Crazy to think other teams understand that you are allowed to throw the ball down field instead of running slants and bubble screens all game.
Pick 6 coming here ...
No defense can contain having to spend this much time in the field. We don't need much from our offense to stay in games and they can't even muster that.
Surely we can target someone besides Dionte?
Way too many targets to diontae
I think Ben is hiding the severity of his knee injury
"I think regardless of what happens today with the standings, they might want to rest starters next week. Doesn't matter that much if the playoff game is home or not. Just get rested and see if the D can make a run in the playoffs"
Why can’t we throw to Claypool at all??
These short passes are the end of us
This shit is pathetic
They are going to leave to much time on the clock here
James Connor is a rare asset on this team
When the 1-13 jets have a better chance to help you win the division than you do. Smh this is so fucking sad.
I swear to god it looks like everyone is playing fuckin blindfolded out there...fucking incredible
Please put someone else in for curiosities sake. We’re gonna lose regardless. Might as well see how our backup QBs do
Diontae ran past Ben's range.
LGP
Let's go Jets
That was such a cool throw on 3rd and 10
This might be 31-7 before the Steelers get the ball again
"Will it be 28-7 at half?

Probably"
Open and 5 yds short wtf
"206 yards vs 35. Jesus Christ, that’s pathetic."
Real talk does Tomlin pull the trigger and put in Rudolph at the half
Get him the fuck off the field
That pass was 5yds short to an open receiver
Just wow. Pull Ben
nantz calling out our lack of adjustments lol
I’m the biggest defender of 7 when he has a slow start but I’m running out of excuses
Honestly get Ben out of there and rest up for the playoffs...makes no sense playing him hurt
No heart at all
Holyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy shittttttttttttttttttt
It’s going to be 28-7 by half lmao
Is literally anybody on this offense communicating with each other?
We are not going to do anything with the most important position being the worst in the league
Thanks Glowinski
"This is pathetic, flag or not"
Who's you guys ideal realistic QB draft pick
It would have been better if he would have scored to be honest. This game has been over since the first quarter.
"Hot take: Bench all of the starters come the half (and next game as well).  At least they'll get some rest, and the backups will get some practice."
One play would have gotten more yards for them than we got the entire half
Louis Riddick for GM!
The team settles into this weird tunnel vision like trance and refuses to adjust pretty much anything. Idk if they're stubborn or stupid.
That was not flag worthy
Just gonna let them run the half out. Not that we’d do anything with it. But...why not?
What a let-off that was
Lmao we gave up
wow the refs bailed them out there
Where was the fucking time out
Lmao tomlin
I love Tomlin and I don’t think he needs to be fired but he does need to realize that the foot is on the pedal for him and he needs to get this team fired up get them going somehow
"Run on 3rd and 18


Is Randy calling their plays too?????"
"Just realized it's still the 2nd quarter.

Crrrrrrap."
Belichick would never have done that... call a TO
Jesus fuck the Jets suck. How are they beating Cleveland? Must be luck.
HOLY SHIT IM LOSING MY MIND
"No timeout, playing to not lose not to win. Terrible"
Do I even bother watching the second half?
Not using a timeout is a great representation as to how the entire team is playing.
Tomlin’s famous clock management.
Wtf Mike tomlin? Seriously what. The. Fuck.
NOW A TIMEOUT?
Why did we call a time out now but not 40sec ago. Does no one have a clue?
Yes now call the timeout
Ben sucks but I have a feeling if we put Rudolph in his first throw would be a pick six.  I wish we could see Dobbs at least he can run.  Did he get a jersey today?
Anybody listening to the radio broadcast?  Dude sounds legit like he had a stroke or is drunk
What the fuck???
USE TIMEOUTS
"Hey, there’s our timeout!"
Classic tomlin clock blunder
Lmfaooooo did you see Rivers mouth “I can’t believe the fell for it” coming off 💀💀💀
Unreal
This team wants to lose wtf
Why didn’t we call the timeout after at least like 10 seconds. Jesus
Rivers “I can’t believe they didn’t call it” (a timeout)
Coach of the year doesn’t use a time out. SMH
WTF TOMLIN!!!!!
Tomlin is an idiot for not taking timeout.
What the fuck? What is going on with Tomlin? Why wouldn’t you call a timeout? Tomlin isn’t trying to go very far in the playoffs.
did they seriously not call timeout on the 2nd and 20 Hine run?
take a knee and don't come back on the field after the half is over.
This is not a smart team....
"Timeouts don't roll over to the second half, Mike"
Long throw???!!!
Ravens are really gonna hate us after we lose to the Browns
"Right or wrong that was a coach scared to call a TO and then let his defense convert a 3rd and long.

That’s some shit. Short fields might be our only chance and we have no time left to make something happen."
That wasn’t even close!
Where's that throw going?
The Jags are running for near 6 yards per carry against the Bears. There’s no reason we can’t average even 1 yard per carry.
Sure would be nice to have more time. Fuck this team.
I think they know Ben is going to throw one up for an INT so we don’t give them extra time to score more
Worst pun ever Nantz
Lol...wtf was that?
Diontae Johnson was open and Roethlisberger with a horrid throw lol.
Nice stat padder to end the half.
Who tf is calling the game on the Pittsburgh radio network? These guys are idiots
not even trying to get the ball in the endzone
He can’t even throw a Hail Mary.  Sad
73 yards of offense.... and about half of those yards were on the last 2 plays
Man trust me I wanted to back Ben as much as possible but geez he just isn’t looking as good as the first half of the season
Stupid shits
What the fuck were we trying to do there?
"What the cap situation like for next season?

Any way we can land Ben's replacement in FA"
We should be wearing our old throwback jerseys. Look at history.
"Pains me to say it, but it's time for a QB change."
If the jets win then don't even start any key players next week. No need. We obviously need a reset
Was that TJ not letting the guy go when he brought him down lol
Our D isn’t doing much either.
Yea this whole team has given up now...
3 yard run goes for 17
at what point do we turn it off?
It's hard to believe this team was 11-0.
they score here and it’s game
"Not gonna lie, Taylor looks like a beast. Indy got a bell cow."
Frauds.
Taylor is like if Conner had big boy bones instead of that shit the Doozers made on Fraggle Rock.
More holes than Swiss fucking cheese
"I'm sad this team will get to play a playoff game, the better pick would've helped them so much more"
Tuitt finally
"im really thinking of changing the channel, this sucks. this team is not even fun to watch at least"
yay
Our D is rivers 10th child today.
Being so thin at inside linebacker is killing this defense. We could live without Dupree. But no Bush and no Spillane means we have two guys playing on the inside who are more run stoppers than pass coverage guys but they have no choice but to try and cover
Colts should run  it here.  Probably score a td
Fucking stupid
Touchdown Jets!
It's gunna be us vs. Ravens in the first round isn't it?
Thank god the Browns are still the Browns
OMG DARNOLD!!!!
1 more drive for Ben. If it doesn't work might as well try Mason.
Ray ray McDonald getting some yards
"Alright, boys. We’ve got them right where we want them. Right..?"
Next week should be treated as a bye week if the jets hold on
"McCloud has done a good job today.  Gotta be another hold, right?"
We cannot having any gain without us fucking ourselves
Ffs I’m gonna stretch my asshole till it breaks before the coaching staff swallows pride and makes an adjustment. Shotgun every play for the past 4 weeks
We about to end up in the wildcard game
So let’s say the jets win and we win the division...does Ben get benched next week??
Hey Claypool is here
"Just one fucking return without a penalty, that’s all I’m asking"
J-E-T-S wtv wtv wtv chant
Williamson needs to fucking go when guys get healthy for next year.
"Williamson going to grade out completely with negatives on every play,even special teams."
Love seeing claypool get some action
No urgency. I know it’s the third but come on.
Thank fucking gawd
Claypool Time finally
Now they throw downfield...where was this the 1st 2 1/2 quarters?
"Yes! Claypool, double coverage, still catches the ball."
"Wow look at that, throw to Claypool and good things can happen"
Wow Ben moved and made a play? Wtf V
Okay Benny boy
Oh look starting to target chase and we move the sticks
Where has this team been?
Steelers now entering the Heinz Red Zone
Yes! Long passes finally!
Goal to go shotgun...
Ben can throw the ball deep?
Are we all screaming “THANK YOU” at the TV right now?
"Come on Steelers don’t get me hyped and let me down, put the ball in the end zone!!!!"
Claypool is way better than Johnson but Johnson gets more targets why
Oh look Claypool makes plays. Who woulda thought?
Ben is too good for Randy. Thats for sure
Remember Cincy
How much Toradol is Roethlisberger on right now? Whatever it is let's load up on it for the playoffs haha.
"We are looking great this drive, where the fuck has this been for the last 3 and a half games!!!"
Too little to late
We need a 250lb RB
Still terrible in short yardage
Why do u keep running it out of shotgun 😒
"I dont know what makes me more happy, Jets up 20-3 vs Browns or the Ben-Mapletron chemistry pass."
"The o-line sucks, but Smell runs right fucking into it every time."
Romo just taught Randy goal line offense 101. How is Claypool not lined up on the gl offense on every snap?
Where tf is Derek watt
Don’t care if we loose. Good to see our offense can still be productive with the right playcalls.
"Here's what happened guys:

&#x200B;

1. Ben is not playing well at all. Most likely father time is catching up to him but that was inevitable at some point.

2. Our defense has lost 2 pro bowl caliber starters. We went from the best to good. 

The fact that are defense lost talent paired with the fact that ben has been bad means we are struggling to win games now. The offense is putrid so the defense is struggling from trying to carry them. If the offense gets its shit together we still have a chance this season."
Yes.. let's run from shotgun at the goal line
Fucking use that PI come on. Run into that Endzone!!
"Fuck, this team is so fucking bad it is hilarious"
This shit is funnier than the 3 Stooges
YOU HAVE TO CATCH THAT
Go for it on 4th we can’t take 3
PATHETIC FUCKING
This team doesn't want it
What a joke
Lol as expected.
Bill Hillgrove needs to stop reporting non touchdowns
Drop drop drop.
"1st Round Exit, 100%"
"HOT GARBAGE 

this is team is HOT GARBAGE"
That's a all pro defensive play
Embarrassing.
That was pathetic.
Lolllll fuck me
that’s just sad
Good thing we got 3 points
Fucking LOL. Bunch of doo doo cakes
Un fucking believable
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL
Lol I can’t
"E tu, Claypool?"
Steelers and fumbling while trying to reach across the goal line. Name a better pair.
So bad
This shit is embarassing.
Couldn't even try to run the fucking ball. Someone needs to be fired NOW.
"When you can’t run block or catch, that’s what happens."
FUCK THIS TEAM. FUCKING PATHETIC
Qb sneak..it's not that hard
Indi about to go 98 yards in 10m
"Fuck this, fuck that, fuck Clark, fuck you, fuck me, fuck colts, fuck Steelers, fuck nfl, surprisingly the refs haven’t been too bad this game buck fuck them too"
This is like watching the Pirates
This is actually worse than last year. They deserve one and done in the playoffs.
"Conner should be getting goal line snaps. He may not get big yards, but he can fall forward for a yard."
Just funny at this point. Let’s just all sit back and laugh about it because nothings gonna change.
Even if we're not having a running play can we at least pretend we are?
We are sooooooo fucked guys
##MEDIOCRE
Go jets fucking bench everything
Just doo doo OL. Pathetic can’t run it from the two.
Someone tell me tj is in
I almost want to say gruden not going for the touchdown yesterday caused Tomlin to go for it today.
We’re going to host a playoff game lmao
No faith in the line to try to run at all on the goal line. Fucking ridiculous.
And why didn’t we take the points?
'tis the season to be frantic
Ray ray 30 yard return here
A Randy block punt coming
I’m sad ):
How did this happen.... plz....I need explanation.....
H O L Y  S H I T
Wait Ben hit a deep ball?
"Oh, well, OK!"
POP THE CHERRY
WOW
Yooooo
HOLY SHIT A TOUCHDOWN!!!!!!!!!!
Diontae Johnson I don’t believe it
[deleted]
Ohh fuck!!!
Someone caught the ball!
"Holy shit, wtf was that?"
STOP GIVING ME HOPE DOG GIDDMAN
Extend Ben's contract!
DIONTAE
3 more of those tds please
Looked up and saw the TD and thought it was a replay lol
Wtf was that? This feels good. I want more.
Funny how Romo had to pause when speaking about juju.  Lol
Fuck me what a catch DJ!!
"my conspiracy is that we are playing like shit so playoff teams don’t have any film on our good shit, i hope that’s true"
"Well, it’s the hope that’ll kill us now"
"So anyway, Ben started blasting"
"Ty but too late, you won't trick me again."
wtf?
What was that and where was it before?
What a rifle from Ben
"Scoring on a deep ball, go figure

Keep fucking doing it"
Fuck did we ever need that
OHHH SHITTTT
Solid PAT Charlie
Let’s hooo play some D. Rivers could throw a pick
"Well, that came unexpected"
Jets beating the browns 20-3
they never call that bracing penalty on field goal blocks ......
Looked like he missed him at first crazy speed by Johnson at the end there
Despite his drop problems that is exactly why you need Dionte in the game
Dudes been dropping passes for a month and then catches that
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHH
We gotta keep doing that!!!
Now I feel bad for saying Ben is done
turn up
Jets are fucking it up and there's too much time left in that game.
No matter if we lose.  That was a heck of a catch.
I'm actually more mad that they're giving me hope than I am happy for the TD
Too little - too late - here comes the colts run game.
Marsh has some good tackling skills. Wrapping them up instead of just pushing
[deleted]
49 on special teams is intense
Amazing how TDs improve moral
"Marsh after that tackle: ""I ain't hear no bell"""
avery awakening. wow
Let’s fucking gooooooo
Amazing sack
Well /u/SleestakLightning... this feels familiar. Let's see if the defense can get that stop from last week.
Marsh made a play again
That was absolutely beautiful by williamson
Things are finally looking up. Browns down 17 and we just cut our deficit to 10. HERE WE GO! Meanwhile Falcons might beat Chiefs which opens the door for the 1st seed given a loss next week.
Where’s watt?
So do we air it out again this time boys?
Is it just me or did that punt take a while to get out? Almost thought it was a fake for a second and got spooked
Whoever said Ben is Paul crewe...it’s too accurate
Colts’ safety out. BOMB IT!
Rivers is hilarious
Oh fuck Diontae has to sit or he's gonna seriously get hurt
Rivers = choking hazard
fine Rivers for whining into open air with no mask
Conner is good when he has a bit of space.
Frig off Phil!
Dragon mode = activated
Seems like the Colts want us to win.
And another one
"Colts giving Steelers gifts. In reality, they let the Steelers get to the 1 knowing they can’t score from there."
#elite
"Like last week, stick to a failed game plan for 2 1/2 quarters.  Then make adjustments."
WHERE HAS THIS TEAM BEEN FOR 4 WEEKS
Let’s go boys
We are really good at pulling DPI calls.
This is the other thing about pushing the ball down the field - you can get chunk plays on forcing holding.
BEO LETS GO I LOVE THIS TRAM SO MUCH
Don't do this to me. Don't give me hope.
DON'T QUIT! WE GOT THIS
C- could it be????
LETS GOOOOO
Normally our mortal enemy! Yes!
5 rushing yards in 3 quarters seems less than ideal.
"I wonder... what's the franchise record for least rushing yards in a game?

Edit:  I looked it up... -3 yards in a game against Detroit in 1952."
How is this the same team??
Let’s gooooooooooooo
Holy shit
What in the fuck
Second Half Steelers
We got the mercy from the referee?
Ebron caught the ball!!!
"Yes Ebron

We have life finally #HereWeGo"
Defense makes another stop and I feel we're back in it
Touchdown was all Juju. Good work on the block
"The PI was kind of ticky-tack, but if you’re grabbing the jersey the refs will probably call it. Not gonna complain."
I still don’t get it
Biggest defensive drive of the season coming up right here.
Can we ?
So close
TJ looks like he’s favoring his leg a little.
We all know how Rivers gets in the 4th in a close game...
"Just please pleasee with 14 min left dont give us fake hope and actually Win the game 🙏🏼 if we can score 14 in a quarter,lets get those points going"
Possession of the game here
D can’t give up one of those draining march back for points drives here.
"Slept through most of the game by accident cause I work nights.

Have we seriously only run it for five yards total the whole game?!"
Minkah pick 6 incoming!
Browns are gonna wind up coming back at this rate so Pittsburgh had better focus hard on pulling this one out.
If we pull this off it's revenge for that Rivers comeback game
I hope Holden is ok.
Jets are going to give this game back
So is this a 3rd string tackle?
fuckin jets fuckin up. figures they return to form as we get better lol
What is happening here
[deleted]
Holy shit we really are getting classic rivers
Drill rivers in to the fucking ground
Was that Ben leaving?  Or just going to get his helmet?
"Indy, don't kill ypr playoff hopes. Just sit Rivers, you have no tackles to protect him :)"
they have 5 sacks vs a top 3 line
What the hell has Ford done with the Mustang?  Blasphemous.
Colts are dropping safeties off. Sneak some runs in.
Browns doinked again.
Juju looks miserable
I got my Christmas wish! a running First down!
Long ball deep to Chase for a tudder calling it now.
Let’s go black n yellow !!! Get paid Bbb
Jets gonna Jet
"Wait wait wait... What happened...


Ben handed the Ball to Conner?  Is this allowed?"
That was a great formation...wow
A big run omg I must be dreaming
"This is the O that we played all season. Under and crossing routes, ain't much but its honest work. Good"
The OLine ate a bowl of Wheaties at the half
Is that what a running lane is supposed to look like?!?!
Let's fucking go!!
Free play?
We passed it all game to open up the running game lol
It's as though when you mix it up every phase of your offense benefits.
Conner playing his heart out today. Love it
Good play call
DOTSON IS MY NEW FAVOURITE
MOVE
False start?!
Yikes that could've been 6
"Ooooo, that was close."
What's this? Steelers moving the ball???
What the fuck is that play
nice soccer acting lol
Woooooopoooo
Come on touchdown!!!!
Funny how when you put pressure on a defense they start to make mistakes.
That is a soft call
not always called but it was obvious
"Sold it a little, but still should have been OPI."
LET’s FUCKING GO
[deleted]
bailed out a bit. ill take it.
Tiktok with the td
JuJu <3
JUJU WITH THE WORLDS SMALLEST DANCE MOVE HAHAHAHAHAH YES
Do my eyes deceive me?????
2 hands claypool fuck
We’re leading... how?
JUJU SHMISH-SHUSHTER!!!
Ben obviously washed
"Juju never took his eye off the ball, that was good."
They let Juju run downfield!
DO THE DANCE
Holy shot !!!! Let’s fucking go !!!!
How!?!?!!? Finish!!!
"NOW, you can dance."
Heart rate currently 130
If we could play like this for 60 minutes....
DO THE DANCE
Finally first time with a lead since Vietnam.
Holy shit.... please let this be a turnaround for this team...my team...
wtf is this 2nd half?
JU JUUUUUUUUUUUU
Imagine if this sub benched Ben 😂😂😂
BEN THE GOAT
JU-FUCKING-JU!!!!!!
LETS GOOOO
Fuckin juju atta boy
Beautiful catch
"Damn right refs, call a tight game"
Jim the Lizard Bitch in shambles
Come on Steelers. FTC.
THE PIMP FAKE IS BACKKK
Never doubted this team once guys. Not ever. Always believed 😅
Hey look we’re throwing the ball down the field!
Any Ben haters think Rudolph makes that drive?
"Going down big forced us to start going down field, which in turn opened up some short routes. Maybe this is what they needed, regardless of the outcome"
No TDS bend don’t break
I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH MY FEELINGS!!!!
Years off my life with this team.
Is Watt off the field resting? Hope so.
Let’s go D close this game out bend but don’t break
Tomlin is a genius!
R we good
Redzone cares entirely too much about this damn Chiefs Falcons game
time for the pass rush to do its thing
D needs a big stop rn. come on D
I LOVE YOU MIKE HILTON!!!!
Thaaaaaats the rivers I know
YESSSSAAAAAAAA DEFENSE
HILTON YOU FUCKING DEMON!!!!’ OH MY GOD
SIGN MIKE HILTON TO A MILLION YEAR CONTRACT
MIKEEEEEEE
Hilton can thank highsmith for that one
HILTON MY MAN!
But how did the refs help us get that INT???
"Browns fan: We’re on the comeback as well.

Don’t fuck us on this..."
Hilton has been so good this year
HOLY FUCK BALLS SHIT CUNT WHORE!  HOLY FUCK!
RE-SIGN THIS MAN!
YESSIR
AHHHH WHOS FUCKING OVERRATED NOW??? LITTLE SLUMP IS OK BUT WE'RE BACK AHHHHHHH
[deleted]
LEGGGOOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Let's stay aggressive now
Defense wins championships!
Hoy shit this game even has a Vance catch.
I don't understand what is happening right now. It feels like it has been forever since I have enjoyed watching our games.
Praise JEEBUS
Lets go!!!!
YEAH BABY! WE GOT OUR MOJO BACK!
HILTON!
I might have to buy a Hilton jersey
"Keep doing what we were doing on offense if the safety’s play downhill, make them fucking pay"
Rivers wife is gonna have a long night
If only there were a way in football to move the ball forward without throwing it and possibly stopping the clock when trying to run it down when you have the lead. 🤔
"Hilton is a gem , I hope he sticks around and gets more snaps"
I am liking these play calls
RELEASE THE KRAKEN!!
HILTON and that’s all I have to say now I shut up
Haha Romo laughing steelers non run game.  Not good for playoff football.
"Let’s stay aggressive boys, keep our foots on their necks"
Fuck do I ever hope we get a fg out of this shit
Under center?
that was a gangster move by Ben
Milk that clock!
"I never want to here the words ""Mike Hilton face fucking Philip Rivers"" ever again"
Terrific throw and catch
FAKE OUT!!
Pay JuJu
Ben for OC
Fuck you Tony Romo for making me like that ridiculously blatant state farm add plug.
"The first half steelers are 1 and done


The second half steelers have a shot to do some damage"
Juju and Ben show right now
Classic Falcons
i want to say run the ball on 3rd but i know how our run game.... struggles to put it mildly
Fuuuuuuuck!
lol
What the hell happened with this offense at half time? I’m genuinely shocked.
Should have run that ball or thrown a quick slant to the middle.
Thanks Atlanta
Juju missed the block. Damn.
Not seeing the Ravens in the Wild Card round (or anywhere) on that playoff picture brings a smile to my face.
fake punt plz
Shit shit shut
Go for it. Go for the kill.
come the fuck on
Why do we always do this stupid shit on 3rd down
Is Derek Watt secretely dead or something?
well now its interesting
We need a complete overhaul of our 3rd and short plays
Boy who didn't see that stop coming from that same fucking screen pass?
Should be at 2 min warning he was in
Be tough to get td in 2 min unless the defense implodes
Garbage playcall. Why behind the line.
"Man I get throwing, but that's why a play toward the sideline is a bad call there."
Boy this feels familiar.
Let’s get this stop
Lets go D!
A stop and its gg
Let’s go defense!
I’ve been at work all day and WE HAVE THE LEAD? What have I been missing?!
"I don’t have any fingernails left to chew, I’ve bitten them all down"
Fuck
Damn should've been picked
wheres the fucking hold?
LET'S END THIS
ONE. MORE. PLAY.
Bruh
Good job by juju reeling Claypool in on that
GOW WHAT THE FUCK
Lol fuck me.
🤮
They won’t call holding penalties on the colts olineman 🙄
They were due for a call let’s be real
Literally same play lmao
Here it comes
Refs are washed up. Stupid fuckers. Open your eyes
Jets kicked a FG
Refs dont know what holding is
SHIT
Bruh
"Why prevent, why why whyyyy"
Didn't even know Cassius Marsh was a steeler. Let alone playing
"This sub 10 minutes ago: SUCK IT HATERS! WE’RE CONTENDERS AGAIN!

This sub now: FIRE TOMLIN!!!!"
Minkah gets across the field so fast jesus.
This is getting bad please just stop them you guys didn’t come back all this way just to blow it at the end.
Right now would be a really good time for Juju to start dancing!!!!
Course he's open and picks up some easy extra yards with no one near him.
On the plus side this is how we make the browns miss the playoffs
THEY KEEP ALLOWING THEM TO GO OUT OF BOUNDS!
Browns and Colts both moving in chunks.  Stressful.
I told y’all to go for it. Now they’re back at the 40 anyway.
HERE WE GO BOYS!
did he just say “4th down vibes again”
One more stop. Just one more...
Thank gawd ..
NO FLAGS
YEREEEEEESSSSSS!!!!
Just the way we drew it up
THATS MY FUCKING DEFENSE
Unbelievable
Woooo
LETS FUCKING GO
WOOOOOHOOOOOO!!!!!!
"Wow...he was open

&#x200B;

Edit:  maybe not"
Highsmith had a hell of a game.
How the fuck we won I’ll never know
The eruption of the babies that have been whining all fuckin day.
Wow insane game
Where’s Zach banner when you need him
CHAMPIONES
"That’s the Steeler’s team we know is still there, the second half one! Haha"
Kings of the North once again.
"I always wanna call highsmith, hightower."
Yeah I’m a lil bitch of a fan lmao. That felt good.
LETS GOOOPOOOOO
come on jets!
"Thank you for proving me wrong today, guys 💛

What an incredible comeback!"
Kings of the North!
This is a typical Steelers game wouldn’t have predicted it any better AFC north champs 🤷🏽‍♂️
Lmao there will still be teenagers defending tomlin after this. Can't even call a time out to save 40 seconds. He is a complete moron.
Just gave them 15 yards by not challenging that DJ was down in bounds. Tomlin is the worst game manager in the league
"I thought Pittsburgh people were tough and gritty, this sub is ridiculous."
If Ben is back out there I'm turning this shit off. They really should just stay in the locker room. All of them.
All the fair weather Steelers fans. Get out.
I have feeling this week or next we might see one of those famous 500 yard 5 td games from Ben.
Watt is the only good thing about the Steelers
Howwww are we talking shit on the defense when they're the only reason we have points?
The Steelers really are the worst team in the NFL.
Fair weather fan would be saying “I’m not a Steelers fan anymore” not saying “this team fucking sucks”
"A true leader, a true head coach would bench this starting QB"
We should get Trubisky. I wish I was joking.
Who cares about the Jets? We’re ass and we’re going to get stomped in the first round
"2:18 on the clock, one timeout left for the Colts, 2 minute warning still left too. 

Fantastic. Course they pick up the first on their the first snap of this drive. 

Confidence not great at the moment."
I wish Big Al had social media. He straight up deserves to be heckled and harassed for the effort he is giving.
The way JuJu dropped that touchdown was lit🔥
You have a better chance at a FG than a Hail Mary. Tomlin is a fucking moron
Dionte dropson back again
I’m not kidding when I say that if Ben throws like this for even one quarter I’m totally ok with sending in Rudolph or Duck. Not gonna win but at least gives them practice.
game over....guess I'll watch the Chiefs game
Blowout incoming
This team is done.  We have probably seen Ben win his last game ever. That’s true even if he comes back next season.
This game is over already.  Finish the year with 6 straight losses.   Lol
O line shot...D decimated by injury....
It’s not a penalty for a player to run onto the field from the bench to dance?
And another Benny Snell failure at a power rush for a yard...
Villanueva is fucking awful
QB FUCKING SNEAK IT JESUS FUCKING CHRIST
"Decastro, Al, and Ebron are all playing patty cake out there. 

Oh so soft."
"I wish Ben played this bad the whole season so at least we’d be in position to draft a QB, but we are just going to go 1 and done and get an average pick"
"Y'all act like this wasn't expected lmfao. It's not scheme, not missed plays.... It's personnel. We don't have the men for the job"
guys start watching redzone. far more entertaining then this
Big Al has never been more than an average tackle but the NFL hyped him up because he’s a vet. Our line is the worst part of this team when 3-4 years ago it was elite.
"70 yards Colts, 22 Steelers. Fuck."
Eric Ebron is so worthless. If you can’t catch you better be able to block. And he could be the worst blocking tight end I have ever seen. That play he took off where he was lead blocker for Conner is gonna end up being big.
Holy shit a defensive stop!!!! Wtf is happening.
I honestly don’t care if we lose out since we already clinched a non losing season
"Tony Romo doesn’t want to realize our offense has no talent. Big Ben - no. O-line - no. RBs - no. WRs - yes. 

That 3 out of 4 that are terrible."
How tf did juju not catch that 💀
GET OUT OF SHOTGUN. RUN THE FUCKING BALL.
Zero pass rush and a guy wide open. Nice job “number 1 defense”
Embarrassing from the defend. Multiple plays where the RB outworked multiple tacklers. Shit effort
Vince Williams is a bad LB who sometimes looks good when the rest of the team is doing its job.
Best case scenario is we go into half tied. Worst case is we do fuck all again and tire our defense before half
ben. triple coverage...hold my beer
"3rd and 9, they throw it BEHIND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE. These fucking idiots"
3rd and 9 and Ben checks it down it again. Why did Tomlin force him to do that?
At least the Browns suck and are gonna lose to the Jets.
BEN NEEDS TO GO AFTER THIS SEASON
How much would it cost to get Tony Romo as our OC? He'd do a hellof a lot better than the bullshit we're seeing now
Holy fuck we look so fucking bad. Worse than the Bengals game in my opinion
"1) Ben doesn’t have the arm strength to throw down field into any kind of coverage or to throw a receiver open 
2) our o-line is old and cannot do their jobs 
3) our running backs are not playmakers, and therefore cannot even begin to compensate for the poor offense line 
4) Ben is too old and immobile to compensate for the poor offense line 


The issues with our offense in no particular order...funny that a few weeks ago our biggest issue was a few pass drops"
Just bench Ben now man. Rudolph could literally not be worse than Ben is right now. Give him time to heal up before the playoffs
"Defense is completely demoralized and I can't say I blame, hard to watch the effort level in the other side of the ball and come out to play"
Ben could never...
just a reminder htat joe haden will be a 16mil cb next year lol
So our defence sucks too now? cool.
BENCH BEN HE CANT THROW
"Rofl my s****** just cut out, didn't wanna show me the rivers TD"
I’m convinced that Randy’s playbook was written in crayon.
"What a strange turn of events this season, the offense is just so bad it's not possible to watch anymore."
I caught something.  They’re running 2 Man on defense and they’re making it extremely obvious they’re doing it because we won’t throw it where it’s weakness is and that’s middle field.
"There is still a chance. It’ll be close as heck, but we’ve been good at that before."
How does is it keep getting worse?
Rudolph please
Lol 5 yards off target. You guys can't tell me Mason can't throw that ball
"Ben "" I'm I can't do it anymore, maybe I need to hang it up""..there is the door"
Ben is 100 percent the reason for the slide
Fuck Tomlin on this. Tomo knew what was going to happen.
Tomlin :)
NOW YOU CALL A TIMEOUT!?!?!?!?!
Roethlisberger trying to pad his stats lol.
[deleted]
"We need to rebuild our offense fast. Beef up the line, get a dominant running back and draft a QB when Ben retires"
"They need to get some confidence and swag back. They are sitting back and getting smacked around. Fire out of the ball, backs need to hit the holes . Run no huddle on fir drive of the third"
Games over
I wanna have TJ’s babies (I’m a girl)
Bring back Duck
🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓🤓
don't worry. Watt is hurt now.  Jesus titty fucking christ we are doomed....and oh look. another special teams penalty on us. fucking shocked!!!!!
[Steelers fans the last couple weeks](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/031/858/ourexpectations.jpg)
Decrasto got owned
FUCK THIS OFFENSE. FUCK EM.
"That’s the drive that ends my day.  Have a good day, chaps."
"I've heard of Shotgun Weddings, but I didn't know Steelers were married to one"
JETS BABY. LETS GOOO
Dude. You take that field goal every time what the fuck
"This team is fucking amazing, #7 incoming"
Ben MVP?
SEE WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE OPEN UP THE PLAYBOOK????
I changed my shirt bc I realized my flannel had blue and white in it. Put on Xmas steelers sweater and hello TD. Sorry everybody my bad
YEAH BABY GIVE ME HOPE
Not getting my hopes up. They did the same bullshit last week. They're still scrubs and don't deserve shit.
"Non contact injuries kill. 

God damn Jets. Don't let the Browns come back."
that throw by Ben was so underthrown its gross
Titans fan here rooting for you guys. fuck the colts
If we would of took the 3 earlier it would be tied.
If we pull this off I'm a full believer again LETS FUCKING GO
Don’t let this post distract you from the fact that the colts blew a 24-7 lead against the worst 11-0 team in the history of professional sport.
[deleted]
Get bent haters.
"Ben thanks sky man after the TD, maybe it’s been sky man’s fault this whole time!?!"
These penalties keeping us alive
I muted this game and started watching something else at the half. I’m afraid to turn my sound back on. Let me know if anything funny is said. I’m taking this one for the team
Mason would have thrown 5 or something 🤡
I like how quickly we shift opinions on this subreddit. Steelers fans are the best
ImAgInE DefEnDiNg BeN
"I’ll be honest, I hate when we win games like this. It makes it so much easier to overlook the plethora of things we have done wrong. A loss is a teaching moment. A win like this gives false confidence to a team that is inevitably going to go one and done."
"All you tiny dick energy babies that were calling this team trash earlier don't get to enjoy this comeback, go back into your cave of negativity and sleep it off."
My softy turned into a full on hardy
Nelson hanging on for dear life
Just gonna nickel and dime us down the field aren't they?
20 hart attack game how about y'all
Lmfao. JUJU CATCH THE BALL THEN YOU CAN DANCE ON YOUR OWN FUCKING LOGO
Juju too focused on what his TD celebration was going to be and forgot to make the catch.
Don't worry the standard is the standard!!!!! We don't live in our fears!!!! And things of that nature!!!
"Guys, Rudolph can not play worse than this"
"Ben's arm may or may not be shot, but his footwork and fundamentals suck.  Very few qbs (Maholmes, sometimes Rodgers) can get away with poor footwork.  It is certainly not going to work for a 38 year old coming off elbow reconstruction."
Can we get Stafford now?
"I say it when the Steelers do it, I’ll say it when the Colts do it. Choreographed endzone dances are stupid."
"The offense is so predictable... I have predicted 5 of the 6 plays to start this game... make that 6 of 7.

&#x200B;

That should NEVER FUCKING HAPPEN with an asshole fan sitting at home.

&#x200B;

edit:  incase anyone wondered... I assumed a 20-30 yard incompletion deep to a sideline on the 3rd and 10 on the first drive as my miss."
"Who's ready for another offensive drive of blaming the OC for:

missing blocks

dropping passes

missing open receivers

Reading blocks poorly

:))))))"
We are the worst fucking team in the NFL
Why isnt Claypool targeted more often? No reason 11 should be off the field this much and not targeted. Hes so much better than 18 and 19.
Omfg juju can’t throw worth a shit. And his play calling is trash. Fucking Juju. All your damn fault! He has 0 rushing yards too!
"Wow, we're just bad bad now. Like not a team that just needs to figure something out or let our defense carry us. We're just bad at every phase"
No losing seasons!
"That's what a QB who still has a functioning arm looks like, everyone."
Anyone else frustrated with Tomlin? I know Ben is sucking but it doesn’t seem like we’re trying anything new.
Wtf is Romo talking about? Washington has literally caught 2 passes in the last 4 games.
FIRE TOMLIN WHAT THE FUCK BRO YOU FUCKING MORON
[deleted]
"We needed to use our timeouts, and we didn’t until we had 30 fucking seconds left. Those timeouts don’t fucking roll over. Offense needs to score. Utterly pathetic. 

Imma go to Taco Bell and gorge this pain away"
"I don’t know if it will help but here’s u/Lemeiux4u ‘s prayer to the patron saint of halftime adjustments:

—Art Rooney in heaven, hallowed by thy name.  Our offense come, thy will be done, on the field as it is in heaven.  Give us this day our daily win, and forgive us our playcalling as we forgive those who botch playcalling against us.  Deliver us not into temptation but deliver us from the Raven's pass rush.  In the name of Art Sr, Art Jr, and Dan.  Amen."
"Damn, I’ve been pissed off and frustrated watching this game, and I felt that a lot of shit needs to change, and it does, but seeing some of the insane suggestions in this thread calmed me down a lot. We’re freaking out but keep in mind Pittsburgh doesn’t change much mid-season, we reload every offseason and go for it with what we got. How do you know who’s gonna get hurt in the offseason? Our run game is hurting, but a LOT of that hurt is in the fact we’ve lost MOST OF OUR LINEMEN. Defense is hurting, but we’ve lost MOST OF OUR LINEBACKERS. We’ll reload and be good next year. The NFL fucked us by moving our bye to Week 4. Bud only got hurt because of the scheduling shenanigans with the Thanksgiving game. This is not Tomlin’s fault."
"The best drive since Thanksgiving and we have to settle for 3.......

Edit: my stream is slow... My god...."
"Can't catch Claypool

&#x200B;

And there goes that."
Well that’s gonna do it for me this week. Gotta go get these Christmas lights down. See you peoples here next weekend to run this whole shit show back for what will probably be the second to last time this season
Look on the bright side guys! At least we have #1 coach Mike Tomlin! No losing seasons!
No fade pass to Claypool in the endzone? Yikes.
McCloud has fell off as a returner.
"From “FoRcE BeN To ReTiRe” to “That’s my QB 😭”. 

Fair-weather fans need to get the fuck out."
Can't think of a more predictable touchdown incoming in recent memory.
#No Losing Seasons
"Win = Tomlin God


Lose = fire Tomlin


There is only so much Tomlin can do. Blocking, dropped passes, blown coverage. That's on the players."
Apart from TJ has the defense even been that good this season?
Mike Tomlin needs to get rid of Ben if not he needs to go too.
I’m so over the Tomlin Roethlisberger era. Please can we fucking move on
Worst coached team in the NFL right there. Should have kicked the field goal. They needed one anyway.
"Win or lose. There is no reason for anyone to be dogging on us.

Everyone that's been calling for firings, retirements, etc. Should shut the fuck up and get behind this team. We can make a deep run no doubt about it."
Never thought I'll say this... PUT MASON FUCKING RUDOLPH IN TOMLIN
Jesus this thread is toxic af
Bell and ab are geniuses for getting out of this dumpster fire
"So many of you fucks flip flop with your feelings. 1 second you're saying bench ben, the next minute you're sucking his cock. Fucking pathetic."
"Can we just autoban everyone who says fuck this team? 

GTFO. The Colts are executing extremely well on offense (and holding Watt on key downs). The D prevented major chunk plays on that drive, but you aren't going to stop everyone every time. 

The D JUST GOT YOU A TD a minute ago and you're already cursing their names. Fuck off."
Did ju ju dance today
"Ben is washed.

Randy was never good."
Wtf are these camera angles
"Oh good, I see the offense hasn’t done any work or made changes."
Ben is fucking trash.
"Dammit Ben, stop the run!"
"that's what a good RB looks like, ours don't look half that good."
this team is soft on both sides of the ball
Too easy of a drive. Out coached and out played that drive.
This play calling is terrible
Fuck Villinueva. He's beyond fucking worthless.
starting to regret betting on the Steelers
"Everybody in the world knows Villanueva is shit, So maybe they were trying to take the colts by surprise by running behind him."
Should I waste my time watching this team or be productive and go to the gym?
You guys know what’s even worse? The team will bring back back next year for 41 million dollars. You thought this was bad? Just wait until next year when he’s even worse
Would Al be on the team if he wasn't a vet?
No losing seasons! Woooooooo!
Let’s be real this defense has been playing shit too.
Ebron's so happy to just catch the ball he puts his head down and closes his eyes instead of looking for tacklers.
Such a dogshit team. They’ve killed my fucking love for football
I don't know if I can watch this anymore. Might just switch to redzone
Another Tomlin December special
"Well boys this is the first time in Idk how many seasons where I’m opting out of watching. I tried my best to stay positive these past few weeks and come into the games with hope but they’ve taken that from me. This has slowly become my least favorite Steelers in recent memory and there’s no hope in sight. The defense is still alright but they’re so decimated by injuries they can only do so much. The offense is so bad that I have no desire to watch or even follow my favorite sport anymore. There is no sense of urgency, there is no heart, there is nothing but horrible play calling and even worse blocking. This is the most disappointed I’ve been on football Sunday in a very long time. Hopefully we still pull out the W and start to right the ship but I can’t do this to myself any longer."
Mike Tomlin loves the way Chuks blocks! Oh my God he’s such a good coach!
This is just sad to watch
"There’s zero fucking drive or energy in this offense. Talking to you juju! What no dance and what now you’re not even playing?  No hustle after dropped passes, no excitement no physicality. Completely shit to watch and a wasted defense on a shitty offense"
Wow. Actual good kickoffs. Insane
I'm having more fun watching this Jets game than the Steelers
Fire Butler along with Randy. Fuck the injuries excuses.
FUCK THIS TEAM
"Taylor, the RB we want."
DUDE YOU HAVE TO GET THE STOP FIRST TIME HOLY FUCK. YOU CANT GIVE THEM SECOND CHANCES HOLY SHIT
Vince Williams came back a week too early. Got absolutely abused that drive.
Taylor does what neither Conner nor Snell do. Our RBs slow down into the line instead of crashing in to gain yards.
I miss Bell. F Brown though.
It looks like nobody is ever open
BENCH THIS HAS BEEN
Hey bootlickers had enough yet?
Ben is absolutely useless. Literally the reason this offence has stalled.
BENCH BEN HES DONE HE FUCKING SUCKS
This coaching staff is shown they're content with losing out
It's like watching the collapse of Peyton Manning.
This is so bad it hurts. Put Ben on the bench.
I'm fucking sick of this bull shit offense and sick of being sick of it. They will never wake up to the fact that the short passes don't work and those few deep balls are predictable. The offensive line makes it even harder because they can't open holes for runs for shit or protect long enough for the play action. We will be bounced in the first round and I'm almost rooting for it at this point.
If anything this season has shown that we truly have a C- coaching staff.
Haden just watching
"I cannot and will not allow the Steelers to take joy out of another Sunday. I can see if the team was bad or struggling to get wins but to go from 11-0 to just straight garbage, it’s a fix n no one can tell me otherwise. I’m out. 🤷🏾‍♂️"
Looks like any window is effectively slammed shut. They have too many holes that will need covered in multiple drafts.
Typical Steelers season since 2008 -- we enter the playoffs a weak team we're gonna lose first round. Fuck this shit. Bens gotta go and Fire the OC
Why is it so easy to bat down Ben’s passes?
This is just... sad. This is not Ben. This team isn’t going anywhere. Please address these needs in the draft. I beg you
Philip Rivers showing Big Ben who the better 04 QB is
We want Rudolph for Christmas
"Even Romo and Nantz are giving Tomlin shit about the lack of adjustments. He really should follow Roethlisberger into retirement. Sometimes things just last too long and a fresh start is best for everyone. I think Tomlin has reached that point, for both sides. 15 years is a long time. Let someone else come in and rebuild. Meanwhile, Tomlin can “retire”, get any media job his heart desires, and handpick his team when the right opportunity presents itself. It’s not an indictment on Tomlin, it’s not that he is a bad coach. It’s just that this organization, himself included, feels very comfortable and that’s not a good thing. A shakeup would be good for all involved."
We should give up our playoff spot to a team who deserves it like the Ravens. No one wants to watch us get embarrassed
I’m heated. Mike Tomlin is a fucking quitter. Fire his ass
"Go for the FG, way higher probability than a hail mary."
"Just stay in the locker room, guys."
"Well folks, our team is pretty bad. 11-0 was a fun ride though."
So what’s the bullshit Tomlinisms that Tomlin is going to give after this game? I remember 3 weeks ago after we lost to Washington when he said he was excited to face adversity with this team. There is literally nothing exciting about them now. Even the defense is a shell of themselves and that’s all the offense’s fault.
I've got better things to do with my time than watch this shit
Mo Allie Cox literally was a basketball player and just stood up Scales I think with terrible base.
TIME TO BURN IT ALL DOWN
Who he talking shit to? He knows he’s down 17?
CHASE CLAYPOOL
worst team in the league
LETS GO NO TOUCHDOWN!!!! :/
So Ben gonna check his ego or nah?
The other team knows exactly what we’re going to do. This is on Tomlin and his stubbornness to make changes when necessary.
I’ve not done this in 4 years but have switched my TV off and am not even gonna check the score. I know we can pull off a miracle and still win but I don’t care anymore. We don’t deserve to win. When are things gonna fucking change
"Ben, baby where you been?"
Ben: “Rumors of my demise have been greatly exaggerated”
They actually remembered how to catch a football!
"As much as I love that play, it doesn’t give our defense time to rest."
If only tomlin called a timeout at the half and it’s a 7 point game
"This game is NOT over 👀
HERE. WE. GO."
There's DJ with a non-contact.
Oh Ben's back right?
"Browns fan here: Not gloating. We’re losing to the god damn buttfumble. 

But what on earth happened to you guys?"
BIG BEN BACK
Big bailout from the refs
Conner leading rusher with 3 yards.  Snel with 6 rushes for 0 yards.  Conner will be bagging groceries this time next year.
"Steelers saw my comment below saying that as a Washington fan I felt bad for you guys.

You’re welcome"
"Colts fans in shambles, zebras really helping here"
"wow JuJu caught that perfectly thrown ball

WTF is going on here"
Best offense in the nfl
Sign Ben to a contract extension!
Time for us to give them at least 8 free yards per play.
[deleted]
Seriously if we can’t get a yrd we don’t deserve to win
Somebody needs to tackle claypool on the sideline when he does s*** like that ever again
Terrible call fuck!
No flag?! But the receiver fell on the ground with a Steeler in the same zip code!!! /s
I love this team
40 yards on 4 plays. This defense is a joke
I love Tomlin but his lack of energy in whipping this team into shape when the wheels started coming off is really rubbing me the wrong way.
So where you apologists at today? Seeing reason yet?
I’m about to fly to Pittsburgh and tell Tomlin that Snell is not a short yardage back and he never will be
"No losing seasons, guys. That’s all that matters"
That sack is on Ben. Didn’t read the defense at all
Time for Rudolph
"You guys know who Ben jas reminded me of? Remember 3 or 4 years ago when the Broncos tried their best to make Paxton Lynch a starter but it just didn't work? That's Ben right now, but he is making 41 mil a year because he wants 7 so bad he refused to take any form of a paycut.

Fucking joke"
This is what fatigue looks like. Our guys are tired because we got fucked over by the league.
Can we get a #BenchBen trending
Mike Tomlin is such a good coach! God no losing seasons? So good! What a great coach
I miss you AB.
Ben needs to get inspired or get the fuck off the field
How the fuck did this team win 11 games? We’re worse than the Jets.
[deleted]
Tomlin is clearly one of the best leaders in the league but he makes some real boneheaded decisions in-game.
We have 3 first downs guys... the time outs do not matter
Guarantee we are at least 1-2 the last 3 games with Rudolph
Why the fuck did we sign Josh Dobbs? Because he’s Tomlin’s and Ben’s buddy. Because that’s what it’s fucking looking like.
"""Ben's our only option!"" Oh, by the fucking way, we won last year vs the Colts with a backup.

So..."
Our Dline is pathetic. Completely healthy too
"Tomlins a solid coach in really non-important games. I’d like to think his value is somewhat inflated by the fact that most teams in the league always have really bad coaching, so by default, it just looks appealing when you see phrases like “have never had a losing season”. But we did f all with the Brown/Bell/Ben offense."
That moment you realize AB and Bell were right about Ben being a worthless sack of shit
[deleted]
Still not buying it. 5 yards rushing isn’t going to get you anywhere
"Fire randy, fire tomlin, Ben is washed up, sell the team."
Refs bailing us out
[deleted]
Oh Jesus christ. These commercials can fuck off.. wOmEn dOnT hAVe aCcEsS tO sTeM pRoGrAmS. Show me where they have a stem program and they're not allowing women to take part. Fucking lies.
Fire the every single person. Release every player. Relocate to london. Fucking disgrace of a football team
Tomlin is a fucking joke of a coach
[deleted]
"Lol, so many doubters in here - are y’all real Steelers fans?"
At least Jordan Berry is playing well.
Can’t wait for us to fire tomlin and then have multiple losing seasons in a row
Insert Cement Heads comments about Coach Tomlin....
I said it before and I will say it again. JuJu does not want to be out there...look at his fuckin body language...this team should be executed
Sandbagging son-of-a-bitch. Tomlin hasn't shown anything but trash since we've cinched a spot. Can't plan for the playoffs when you barely have tape of our offense!
That’s a terrible call!
Great adjustments Mike Tomlin. Really good coach.  O losing seasons
"They fucking suck. Mail it in, season is over. If not a single coach is canned this offseason, then I’m done. This entire staff needs to go fuck themselves."
Juju just stopped. Fuck this whole offense
Lmfao idc what y’all say Tomlin is not it anymore
"Idc what y’all say. Bench Ben, fire Tomlin, rebuild. This team is a joke. Total collapse."
Where to watch on mobile ?
"Stunt on dem Colts Hoes! If anyone needs a cable TV alternative check [https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/](https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/) for possible streams, they tend to work few minutes after the game starts"
Blessed the knee gods today.
Does anyone have any free streams where i dont need to download a vpn? Or am I asking too much
Lmao
wtf opening drive was that.
3 and out with 3 incomplete passes. Exciting.
A 16 second drive with three balls bouncing off the hands of receivers
3 and out to start the game
Same old same old
Holy fuck
Well that was a great start
These play calls are atrocious
Anyone else scared of the high snaps?
GG
No adjustments made.
"awesome start, way to set the tone on offense"
Did Juju dance on the logo before that drop tho
If they don't draft a QB first...
GTFOH. Lol. Great first drive. Don’t change a thing
Unbelievable
They scripted those plays btw. Basically the same routes 3x.
Idk if I can watch this
nice to see they worked hard on the offensive gameplan this week
"Lol we suck.

And people are saying bad playcalling for a dropped 8 yards on first down."
You guys blaming Ben LOL
Snell on the tackle. Nice.
Watt is a stud. Shame we are going to waste this D
71
"OH! OH! OH! I got an idea, lets run a slant."
Backend tackling is not good either
Shiiiiit
[deleted]
This is pathetic lol
[deleted]
You truly have to laugh
This defense is garbage on 3rd down. Pure garbage
What the hell was Edmunds doing there? Covering no one.
Anybody got a stream link?
I don’t like this
it is literally so embarrassing what this team has become
Wide open wtf
“Number 1 defense”!
Held Cam's arm....
"I hate Rivers and he’s a choke artist, but he always knows how to expose this defense."
so this is what a balanced offense looks like
Q is a fucking beast
Well that was shit defending.
Fuck.......
Wow
Balls
Pretty sad
and he just walks into the endzone....smh
That was pathetic
We're sooooo bad xD
Get ready for another long game
:(
all i feel is pain
okay wtf was that
[deleted]
our defensive line is just non-existent
Nice job giving away that slot blitz sutton
Stick a fork in them they are done!
3 and out coming. what a surprise
We gotta try something new. What are our options here?
Here we go with Benny Smell.
"If Ben keeps being inconsistent, its time to bench him this game, thats it. Just lets see what Mason can do. I mean come on, our opening drive and opening defense started more than bad. We already got a play of spot. Seems like Tomlin doesn’t care about the division title anymore, so why not bench Ben? Couldnt get worse than losing the last 2 games and test Mason his abilities."
What a horrid throw. DJ had to come back so far
Jim says a stunning start...no no no this was expected Jim.
Now Ben lines up behind center ONLY when it’s a clear run. Wow
"A first down! We're ahead of schedule, boys!"
"Sarrett needs to go, this o-line is fucked"
That out is a harder pass to throw and actually didn’t look horrible.
My god Al got blown the fuck up
This is so embarrassing
"Put in Snell, he gets upfield"
Watching our RBs is so painful
We have a fullback right? Lmao
Ffffuuuuuuuuuuuucccccckkkkk
Head shaking bad
we can’t even get a yard lmfao ggs
It's amazing how awful this team is at running the ball.
Offensive line is weak and pathetic.
Why do we only run in obvious situations
Well we had a positive amount of rushing yards for one play
When you can’t get one fucking yard... you are soft.
how do you have more rushes for negative yards than one yard
Seriously fuck this offense
Our o-line is god awful. It's truly painful to watch.
Sigh.
AI is trash?
You know I’m upset about that drive but I’m happy we actually pushed the ball down the field some for once
We are looking pretty fucking bad so far.
I am sad
The personnel on this offense needs to completely change and whomever signed Ebron needs fired.
Vince Williams completely whiffed lol jesus.
So what game are we watching
"Everyone's been tired for weeks now.  I don't care if we lose, we need to rest the starters for a week"
Our tackling has been way too bad this year and hasn't been mentioned enough.
Why don’t we try something like that with Dobbs?
Looks like we don't fit into the narrative this year guys.
"Wait, you can convert on 3rd and 1? 🤯"
Can Hilton just play LB already lol
Talking Jazz prodigies and it isn't JD Beck :(
Other offenses are just able to make it look easy. Wide open players. Huge holes to run through. Ability to throw long.
This is going to be a long game
I’m so glad Hilton is back.
"Go, Hilton! If only that had been an interception."
That was scary lol
Defense steps up again.....
Rivers is going to try to pick on Hilton this game after the last time he played this defense.
They need to sign Hilton
Let’s go man get a TD
surprised we didnt get DPI called
Hilton two huge plays in a row! Love that man
An end around! .....for 2 yards
"Can't believe they gave Diontae the ball, surely the Colts never saw that coming."
"A run was the right play there, but at least put 2 wr out there with a motion or something, we have shown we can't play smashmouth runs for anything so at least try to get an advantage some other way"
Maybe throw deep once? Just to let them know it’s a possibility? Am I crazy?
Paaaaathetic
PLEASEEEE
Ugh
Our line fucking sucks
were pathetic
Great punting position lol
Lmao
Why didn’t Tomlin fire them up more hard!!!!!
this is bullshit
fuck this
Why is there only 3 hypocycloids?  Because we only play 3 quarters
At this point do we just throw rudolph in and see what happens? We're not going to win.
Straight fire offense
Watching this offense is like watching a car rust.
98 needs to blow up the run
rest the starters
"Someone's head is gonna roll this offseason and if they don't, then there's nothing we can do about it  lmao this fuckin sucksss"
We deserve an L the way we're looking already. Trust me I hope we can win but realistically I don't like our chances at all
It ain't looking good but 7-0 score means we're still in it.
I don’t believe we CAN win another game the rest of the season. And that one playoff game we are gonna get.
In the huddle like “quick slant/check down on three...*sighs* breeaaak”
so when we changing the channel?
Maybe Al just needs a haircut?
"Jordan fucking Berry has somehow become our best player (that was a good Punt, just bad coverage)."
Sweet jeezus. Can’t tackle either. What can this team do?
can we get back to throwing the ball to juju and claypool plz
Fucking frauds every single one of em but TJ
Look like they don’t even give a shit out there
As I said I guess our defense has to score all the points today.
Yay steelers men!!!
LETS GOOOOOO D!!!!!!!!!!
God damn it that was our only chance to score. Really wish hilton got in
WE ARE GOING TO SCORE!!!
Guys...Rudolph sucks
Oh shit.  Hilton needed to score there
"There are so many issues on offense you can't even keep track of them, they start at the O-line being bad, rush and pass they are all past their prime(pouncy), avg at best(AV/Chuks), or playing hurt (Decastro). I remember when they were nasty and got push off the snap, they no longer get anything and without a 2 second release time they can't hold a rush."
Well there's a spark
YES DEFENSE YES
The colts are the only ones who can stop the colts on a kick return
Offence don’t fuck this up
Let’s go boys!!!!
If we don’t score here........
"This team has somehow blown a commanding spot in the standings. 11-0 to this?

One and done. Fire Fitchner"
I heard we are good at running the ball from the 1
The ref
Hilton!!!
LFG. Rivers could win us this game
I'm not even confident we can score from here.  I hate to have this attitude.
A FG attempt
Field goal time
Field goal baby!
Our defense is better offense than our offense. Just like last year!
Defense carrying this team right now
DO WE SCORE HERE??
LOVE THIS DEFENSE! Get your shit together offense right NOW.
"Damnit, wish we scored that cuz I don't trust this offense."
We’re still gonna score only 3 points here.
"Ok offense.... can you just get two yards here? I know that is a herculean ask, but we need you to do SOMETHING here!"
Lets fucking go!
"4 runs play to get into the endzone, if we don’t all the fucking starters should be off the field"
Fuck the offense.
Time for a FG
Thank god for our defense
Thank God for our defense!
Defense plays so much better than the offense
Think we score here?
Thank god for that defense
OUR DEFENSE HAS TO DO IT ALLLL
Please for the love of god don’t fuck this up
If we don’t get 7....
Bad feeling we’re going to be lucky to even get a field goal here
There one play for 0
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi1LMIUOOAI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qi1LMIUOOAI)
Can’t wait to not score here
It's Watt again. God bless this guy.
So 2 identical run plays coming
Lol might as well just kick the FG on 2nd down
TJ YOU FUCKING MAD MAN
YEAH!  GIVE IT TO FUCKING SMELL!  GREAT FUCKING IDEA!
If the offense doesn’t score I’m breaking the TV
Shotgun from the 2 and the pass was way behind
Lol
Get the fucking ref oht of the way!
Fucking Shotgun on the 3 yard line.
"If they're so fucking tired why are we playing the ""tired"" starters and getting picked apart these past weeks. These last few games only meant something if we had won. We could have been in the same position playing a practice squad team the last 3 games if we so desperately needed a break. I thought we don't make excuses...but now that we're struggling...we're tired."
Holy fucking shit fuck.... settling for 3??
Fuck me. He just walked into the D Line.
This is the worst offense in football
Ref in the way prevented a TD. Can't convince me otherwise
Jeezus fuck can you steelers please stop sucking and win
God damnit that would’ve been a defensive touchdown if the damn ref wasn’t in the way.
That ref said oh shit oh fuck
DPOY. the only player on this team who fucking matters rn
If we can't get this for 7....
Hopefully we get a field goal
"6 fuckin games no 1st qtr pts.

PUT HIS ASS ON THE BENCH. HE DOESN'T DESERVE TO BE IN THIS GAME.

Before you start the flame throwers, I'm not some stupid kid creating a turd post. This is my beloved team since the late 80's. this is just fuckin dumb now. do something different Tomlin or get out of the way.

And as i type this Hilton grabs a fumble and walks it close. Monster play!

Lets Go Offense with or without #7.   get it done."
FG coming up.
Can't wait to kick the field goal.
Snell tries to be Levon Bell with the stutters and the slow attack of the LOS but he doesn’t have Bells quickness
Is this offense about to do nothing with a gift?
PLEASE DO NOT FUCK THIS UP OFFENSE
Clank!
I wanna die.gif
This offense is just deplorable.
This offense is so terrible. Goodness gracious.
What the fuck
Another play with no chance.
"Thank you Defense 

Now don't fuck this up Ben and the O"
They need 3 yards like really
If we don’t score a TD here the defense might just say fuck it
Oh man free play. Thank you
Lol
They got lucky there
No excuse now it’s like a yard
you get a drop and you get a drop...everyone get a drop
Finally!!!!!!!
As predictable as fuck.
DropDrop Smith-Schuster
Thank Odin....
Is Diontae our only WR?  Why the hell is he the only person Ben  throws to?
About fucking time
"Holy shit we did it, we didn't waste an opportunity"
Lol. We take it anyway we can get it. Wake up!
Why haven’t we used Conner earlier?
Was that a touchdown run?
We just need to be aggressive and run just like that score
our offense plays like they just want to get off the field
Not getting shut out today😎
That was a bit border line but we’ll take it!
Thank god for our D....and can we fire Randy before the off-season please?
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
Butthole = unclenched
Boz out...oh hell. Keep that in mind when we are look for a clutch 3 and we go for it on 4th
Make the fumble count
so you calling that a drop on DJ on 2nd down?
"Could someone post a game stream again?  

&#x200B;

Thanks"
Christ...we suck.
LMAO no flag for that????
Effing HOLDING!!!!!!!
LOL NO HOLD?!?!
Refs miss obvious holding on TJ. Shocking
Throw the flag for holding for fuck sake. That was ridiculous
HOLY HOLD
If we don't get to the qb then we get dotted up
Edmonds sucks.
That hold on TJ though
Tj was in a headlock
"hate to be that guy - - but anyone got a stream?

Crackedstreams is down for me."
Number 1 defense
Wtf who throws nothing but deep balls. Sickos
Had us beat
I an getting jealous how other teams can actually catch the ball.
Sigh
Turnover here??
Our secondary is pissing itself. Unbelievable
defense is getting worked over.
Defence faded
Getting punched in the mouth. Indy looks much more capable of winning a playoff game.
this defense cant tackle. cant wrap up. fuckin clowns
Who wants it more right there.
This team
Where was Ben throwing the ball?
What is ben doing jesus
Trash. Plain and simple
I 100% think most of our issues are from mental fatigue
Snell just has no pop at the LOS.
So bad
sooo we change channel now?
We’ve made no adjustments
My god.
Not watching anymore.
I’m about to start cheering for the other team
They’re trying to not convert on 3rd aren’t they
"If Smell gets back to the line of scrimmage, I take it as a win for that running play.  That's how bad the O-line and Smell are."
Can this team bum it up any more than this?
Can we just forfeit
Smart call on that crossing route. /s
3 and out yikes..defense must be gassed already
"Nah I’m sorry that’s not on Ben, the defense is get to my to him in a matter of seconds"
They won’t bench Ben. Steelers are loyal to a fault with some of their personnel
Pathetic
That wasn't predictable at all
Do the Steelers have only 1st down?
Turns out their backup tackles are better than our starters
Anyways...how do the jets look?
"Need a spark, offense needs to change something"
Disgusting
The offense is playing for the punt field position. Last season was more palpable than this. The defense deserves better
"We need to go spread here, we can do nothing in a balanced offense so might as well go spread like we do when we actually move the ball"
not good!
Woooo blown defensive coverage.
Do we have safeties either?
Way to go boys
Lol
Is 4 minutes left in the half too much time to try and run out the clock?
Score quick it’s ok let’s goo
Defense gave up
[removed]
Yikes.
that’s not on the O-line that was just Rivers stepping up in the pocket.
this is embarrassing
I’ve always low key been amazed how well Rivers can throw with how strange his throwing motion is.
I’m done.
CBS' new shows look about as good as our offense
How many special teams flags have we had
[deleted]
Let's look at the positives. At least Tomlin never had a losing season!
When the defense is frustrated we’re in trouble
The hits keep coming!
Let's go offense! Be creative and put a drive together
Who let this college team on the field
"Our yardage is embarrassing, Jesus."
Look at us moving the ball a little bit
HURRY THE FUCK UP.
The Washington Prexies d-line could get penetration against the Steelers o-line.
I just can’t see how the offense improves. I think this is what we get till we get bounced from the playoffs
Well.......crap.
I hate nearly everything about this team right now. Something needs to change
Either Dionte ran the wrong route or Ben can’t get the ball there.
I can't fucking watch this anymore
Jesus
Jokes on me for believing this team would actually come out fired up today to win
It's coming back
That’s  the thing we’re never gonna fix our offensive woes
Holding its coming back
Lucky Us
Omg lol that run
God this is pitiful.
"funny, thats about the same amount of block in the back that got Derek Watt injured last week that wasnt called."
Look at that we got a call
Just a completely pathetic collapse this season
Lmao thank god for that terrible penalty
A flag :0
NFL told colts to make it close
3 timeouts
Is our coaching staff retarded?
WHY
Wtf this shit again not going for it at the end of the half.
I turned this shit off. It’s too painful to watch. Ben doesn’t have it anymore. Philip Rivers is passing downfield ... put Mason in .. literally he can’t do worse
We got outsmarted by Papa Phil lol
Wow that was so bad
Weak
"Someone tell me this is all just 5d chess and we're suddenly going to switch it on when the playoffs start, right?"
"We will be the biggest meme since 28-3 if we somehow choke away the division, looks like it right now,"
No excuses
Fuck this team
At least the second half can’t be any worse
WTTFFFFFFFFF
"It's funny, a literal Madden player can manage a game better than this."
"We need to do better next game...loosing by 14 not 17 in the first half
...Tomlin coach of the year"
Nick clock management you fucking idiots
"HOW can you not call a timeout. Mind blowingly dumb. Fucking atrocious, it’s clear this team has given up. That’s the confirmation right there."
Great pass Ben!
No sense of urgency
so he can throw more than 5yds
"Just got here. What did I miss? 

I wasn't even that excited for this game. I don't want to point out things that should change or this and that but something has been majorly off with this team. 

I see Ben is giving those who cares throws..."
Last time the colts beat the steelers was 2008 lmao
maybe Ben needs fucking glasses like Charlie Sheen in Major League
Wtf
We are trash
Lmao. Not even close.
Lol Ben with a bad throw again. He was wide open for a TD if he's throwing in to the inside.
Hail Mary time
Hail Mary time. Can Ben reach the EZ?
If this gets blocked and returned........
Why not go for the FG?
well that was lame. id have tried the fg cause why tf not
"What the fuck was the plan there on that ""Hail Mary""???"
11-0 too the worst team in football.
NOW Ben decides to throw deep? Hopefully this 2nd half they wake tf up though highly unlikely. Juju needs to also catch & hold onto the ball.
do we turn off the game yet
"Maybe they don't have confidence in their kickoff special teams. If you don't score, then they can't screw up a kickoff???"
"They need to throw rudolph in to let Ben know he needs to step up. Offence is broken everywhere, but Ben is definitely a large chunk of the problem."
This is a failure of coaching
Who is #49
PHILIP RIVERS IS THE DEVIL
SHIT
Avery williamson was just following another defender. He is so bad
We cannot tackle.
Colts moving the ball at will
Lmaooooo.
So this is what a working offence looks like
Well with our offense this game is over
Wow Philliam sure is kicking our ass
We need to work on tackling
Slowest sack ever
Wow really
Hahaha. That kick probably misses if it’s five yards back. Fallacy of the predetermined outcome but what a dumb penalty.
Field goal is wide right without penalty.
Give it to juju he will bring us back!!!
Omg...pass to chase...
"When good players play bad, you have bad players.

Call me John Madden."
Was that a....long pass?!
"can't even do the little things, that's penalties on the last 2 kickoffs"
WOW EBRON CAUGHT A BALL
Juju looks defeated
Did I just see a run for a 1st down?!
Can we get Coach O down in Baton Rouge on the phone and ask him how to reject a postseason game because clearly we don't want it
Terrible spot!
Juju just barely jogging around out there lmao
"No guys you see, we’re uh missing our rb3. Help guys I’m running out of excuses."
There we go! Let's keep this train going folks!!
Does Ben just choose to not throw it good?
...so are they finally learning that good things happen when we throw the ball to Claypool?
Unreal
What a clean drive
That’s the best pass I’ve seen from Ben in a month (the strike to claypool)
Where was this offense last half?
"Wow, so we start throwing to Claypool and look what happens"
Is this the give me just enough hope to keep watching part of the game
Juju is running the laziest routes when he knows the ball isn’t coming to him. Wtf was that?!
"See?


Just need 3 quarters to warm up"
But I wanted a slant to diontae?
Ben is done with Randy
Wtf is happening
Wow is Ben actually reading the coverage?
HOLY FUCK WERE NOT THROWING 2 YARD CHIP SHOTS
[deleted]
Dont even try to run behind that line
I can’t fathom how this team can’t get a yard running the ball.
Can someone explain to me why our RBs just run straight into the pile and not anywhere else?
Why line snell as a WR. They don't even look at him and they aren't fooling anyone. Either get another receiver or put him in the backfield
"The run game is such shit, they can’t even run 1yd for a TD. That’s pretty pathetic."
Does snell deserve to be split out at the one over claypool?
we better not blow this drive!!
Ebron couldn’t fight through a wet paper bag for a catch.
Fade to Claypool? I feel like he deserves this touchdown on this drive.
Wtf was that
"PLEASE DONT STALL THIS DRIVE HERE, please for the love of all that is holy!!"
Go under center!! How hard is this wtf
Are we seriously not gonna get a td. Get under center Ben holy shit
Field goal incoming
FUUUCCKKKKKKKKKKK
ouch
Sigh
Nice catch ya
Of fucking course
Well that’s the game
I cannot believe we were ever undefeated this is so damn sad
Fucking god
Fuck
wow. cant say im surprised.
Hahaha fuck this team
Pat narduzzi tier goal line drive
Disgraceful
That was epic very cool steelers
fuck this
Fucking pathetic
haha man what a heartbreaking drive
"Well, atst you can see what happens when you throw it long every now and then... So, there is that...."
Way to get my hopes up
Jesus...
Does Ben call the plays in no huddle
I really didn't think we could be this bad
Yeah I'm gunna go drink a beer and enjoy the day
Defense is well rested. Let’s get a safety boys
Story of this team. One group gets something right to only have another group fuck it up.
Should have thrown it in front of him would have been
Fuck Fincher
Fuck this team
"safety, short field td and back in biz. haha"
Fucking incredible
Wow might get 2 points
Is Ebron literally blind? Why does he always try to run through people when the side is wide open?
tj back in so that's good news
"What would it take to get back here? I mean, defence line improved, but more is needed on offence..."
I picked a bad game to watch hungover
KC is tired at 7 with the falcons
Lfgggg
YEAAAAAHHH BITCH
"Holy shit, did that just happen??"
Wow
Am I excited?
that's the one perfect deep ball a game
OMG WTF WAS THAT
That was a sick catch god damn
Holy shit a deep ball
What the fuck
that play made me hard af
I just want some hope for this team
Time for another turnover
THAT is how to change momentum. Let’s Go!!
Wow #49 is a player
"Starting lastweek Dionte got his hands back, which is nice."
Bruh
AHH
"Part of why Johnson is so frustrating, will make plays like that then drop an easy pass."
Is Ben hurt or is he just lost now
After that post route that should've been an out I said we need DJ to go deep way more. He's open every play.
Cassius a scary looking dude lmao. his wife is a fucking *baddie* too
this is what happened last game 😳 try to pull it together
Did... He just tackle himself
Should’ve kicked that damn FG earlier
No Watt
RiVeRs iS WaShED
Rivers is such a crybaby
That sack didn't even look fair lol
Nah fam I’m still not happy with it.
Rivers is going to start crying now.
Rivers is shook
Defense
Let’s go boys and girls!!  They are finally fired up!
Hope?
Johnson got tripped
"Oh, fuck, that’s gotta hurt."
Pls Diontae
and he's back....
[deleted]
I can appreciate Rivers a lot more now that he’s away from the Chargers lol
Ben needs to watch it. Getting mighty close to being picked.
Go quickly.
Run the ball three times
give it to JC30  QUICKLY get a 3 and out and fucking take the lead
Claypool needs to throw his head down and turn up the field. Shit drives me crazy.
i think i jinxed the jets
Thank you good sir
LFG
"Guys, I’m starting to have hope."
"One score game, beaches!"
I'll fucking take it
quit waving like you are winning
LETS GOOOO
Eric Ebron!
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY let's fucking goo!!
YUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
"Alrighty, keep it up. Not feeling good yet."
So that's a weak ass call or legit?
we are in this
I'm so thoroughly confused by this team.
Is it happening? Guys. IS IT HAPPENING??
"1/3 of the benefit of the deep pass is the PI, 1/3 is opening the run game, and 1/3 is actually completing. WE NEED MORE OF THIS"
Man browns about to score too
Don’t understand where this came from. Play like trash 2 quarters... play good two quarters?
I can already see it now. Indy is probably going to drive and take the momentum right out under our feet
NICE BAT
Man our kickoffs suck today they are starting at the 30 everytime.
Not like this secondary. Please
A missile in the palm like that must hurt like the dickens
"how y'all watching the game????

 CBS isn't showing it in my area."
Okay everyone play renegade
THATS A MF SACK
Let’s go D!!!!!!!
CAM BABY
LET’S FUCKING GO CAAAAMMMMM
Ole Statue Rivers
Great coverage
Hhaaah.. I had a mustang. When cars made sounds
The defense is holding up their end of the bargain where they didn't last week /u/sleestaklightning ... now time for the offense to do the same.
dammit browns just scored
"C'mon, Atlanta!
C''mon, JETS!"
guess we dont call facemasks either
Cocksucking Browns....they better lose.
I kinda wish we didn't do this cause now we're gonna lose and it's gonna hurt so bad
Room is right
So now we're just moving the ball easy now huh?
"Wow, Conner’s good when he doesn’t run side-to-side."
Wright is not good at the kickoffs... hope Bos heals up quick!
If we win do we clinch division? I’m or do we need jets win too?
A 9 minute td drive here?
Oh I like pistol
That’s a fucking blown call
that was like a real screen not the throw to the sideline WR screen
The fuck man seriously
Fucking actora
Niceeeeee
Fucking shit these penalties are absolute garbage
JUJUUUUUUUUUUU
Corvette Corvette
And we back
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
WHAT IS GOING ON
Let’s go juju!!!!!!
Jujuuuuu
"KC back to beating the falcons, another choke job by the falcons"
Juju
Let’s gooo
"NO FUCKING WAY! JUUUJJUUUUUUU!

HERE WE GO STEELERS!"
Not bad for a TikTok star
I made it back just in time to watch the last 2 tds now please tell me the defense can hold up.
Hell yeah JuJu I love you
BE STILL MY HEART!
NOWS THE TIME TO DANCE ON THEM
Superbowl bound?
Oh hi JuJu
Omg we gotta sign juju for all the monies!!!
It's crazy what happens when we throw the ball downfield
#WOOOOOOOOOO
Unbelievable
What a locomotive!
OH HELLO!!!!
What the fuck
Let’s go!
Someone tell me how to feel.
I love you guys!
Second biggest defensive series of the season coming up right here
Werent we leading against the bills for most of the first half?
LETS GO DEFENSE!!!
Please defense 🙏🏻
Matt Canada to the rescue.
Wtf
Please defense I believe
Hilton is one of our best defensive players.
Let’s gooooooooooo!!!!!!
INTERCEPTION LESS GOOO
Fantastic. So now the question becomes where tf has this been and why haven’t we been doing it sooner?
MIKE HILTON IS MY DAD
LETS GOOOO
"Ben and Rivers in a fourth quarter showdown, as the football gods intended."
LETS GOOGOFOFOGOOO
LETS GO BOYS WTF IS GOING ON
Let's fucking do this!
Alright boys let's fucking run the ball
Cmon stop them !!!!
High key Mike Hilton is number 1 on the list of people to bring back (besides extending TJ)
Please don’t play scared now....we need points
https://youtu.be/KAJNYmRc2p0
Thanks I love it
God damn!!!
I think the Colts are getting psyched out.
LFG
Bro they beat Rivers down with the sacks and made him throw. Beautiful.
Highsmith with a bomb ass pressure and Hilton with the int. That's a bomb ass combo
"Here we go, Steelers! Here we go!... you know the rest"
"It’s not about being lucky, it’s about putting yourself in a situation to get lucky. Love to see some deep balls (on target) and some run game back."
Juju!!!
McDonald.....beast
Keep that clock running
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-5nist-qeQ
Nice!!!!
That's not as good as a run because it's the same fucking play over and over and over and over again.
I mean this works when the receivers aren't dropping.
QUICKPASS!  FUCK YO COUCH!
FUCK
We run a play to go out of bounds lmao what a joke
Noooo
Lmao why
Fuckkkk
Ah fuck
Shit shit
Qb fucking sneak
Hnnnng
"Oh boy, here we go."
Gotta make it interesting
Just run the ball!!!
Sack or a turnover
Damn it he was definitely in bounds there
LETS GO BOYS
"Win or lose here, impressive comeback and the fire seems to have come back too! Bring on the playoffs!

And kill Rivers one last time!!"
He was down in bounds
We got this boys!
Rivers is the last guy I want in these scenarios tbh
Pass rush gotta get home
Great. Another nail biter.
"I wasn't paying attention to it, wtf happened in the Browns game?"
Put Rivers down defense 🙏
And here's the game...
Claypool’s energy is exactly how I feel rn
OH MAMA
Goddammit.
PI
Fuckkkkkk
Fuuucckkkkk
Bruhhhh
Oh noooo
ohhhhh fuck.
FUUUUUCCCCKKKKK.
fuck us
"Yeah, we're not part of the narrative for the NFL this year guys.  Sorry."
Zero pass rush what a joke
PUSH IFF
OH MAMA I'M IN FEAR FOR MY LIFE FROM THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW
OPI
So if you want to draw a DPI call just run straight into the defender.
lol
1 more step letsgoo
Bun Jesus of Nazareth
Stress test
That dropped interception could cost us the game
Come on D 🙏🙏🙏
Hilton falls to try and draw the flag
how was the tackle from behind not called a hold? come tf on refs
GG’s.
oh boy
G FUCKING G
GAHAHBEFB7H9S
LET'S GOOOOO
HIGHSMITHJ was in there
"Let’s go    N
!!!!!!"
Nice move Highsmith!!!
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
LETS GO BOYS
Thank you Pittsburgh
Feels good!
:)
YEEEEZZZSSSZZ
Throwing the ball downfield works!
That’s business baby
Lets fucking go!!!!!
I just had to stop watching... litty
OH YE OF LITTLE FAITH
Lookit what we did!
"Fuck the refs DPI, we Won bitchezzzzzz"
Mike Tomlin is an unholy blend of Dan Bylsma unmovable ego and Clint Hurdle unfathomably bad game management
[removed]
Bro like JuJu is terrible. I feel like I just sound like a whiner but week after week I just don’t like him anymore haha
[deleted]
This sub sucks
We should have paid bell.
No losing seasons!!
[deleted]
"Honestly, it would make my day if Shitland lost. Imagine that, our horrible team would win the division. That's just hilarious to me and would be a huge middle finger to the Shitstains"
"Blow the fucking team up. Literally hit the reset button. Keep TJ, Bud and Minkah and tell everyone else to pack their fucking bags."
There isn’t one person on the entire side of the offense that I care about being on this team next year. Not one
0 points in the first quarter in 6 straight games. Fire Mike Tomlin
"Ben can't hit the broadside of a fucking barn. 

When the defense gets a turnover, they have to do their damndest to score with it. Ben's cooked"
"i don’t even blame the defense for giving up at this point, we’re so fucking bad"
God put in Rudolph. We literally can’t get any worse with a fresh arm out there.
"DJ picks it up, runs, and dead stop......

KEEP FUCKING RUNNING STOP TRYING TO JUKE PEOPLE. YOU ARENT GOOD AT IT



FFFFFFIUUUUUUUXCCCCCCCKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!"
"BeN iS WaShEd

That’s what happens when you catch the damn ball"
Yall motherfuckers owe Ben an apology
I’m counting how many bad throws today by Roethlisberger. Up to 3 so far.
Avery Williamson is one of the worst LBs I’ve ever watched
Oh look we lost 2 yards on a running play and now 3rd& out. Lmao we lucky not losing 52-0
It’s time the Steelers got a QB that can pick up yards with his feet especially with no run game. Ben is no threat anymore.
Did JUJU dance today ?
Wasn't that PI on us? Lol
If the jets win then the division is ours right regardless of the outcome here (praying for a steelers win tho)
"Something has to change with this franchise. Offense is a mess and defense has been getting shredded lately. We’re unprepared and our scheming is bad. Our draft picks have been questionable (why have we not drafted a QB or RB).

Oh forgot to mention, 3 playoff wins since 2011"
"Steeler fans, it's December, time for your epic season collapse! Yes Tomlinson..."
Yay! Yay! Yay! JuJu you’re so good! Way to stop that pass!
Anyone have a stream link? Please and thank you. Cable has the fucking browns on
Hey guys. We really really really fucking suck and it's gonna be dark times after this season.
What a shitty and soft defense lmao
It’s going to be 21-7 Indy at half isn’t it
"Wow our defense is fucking ass, can’t even use the tired excuse, not sure why tomlin isn’t getting in their faces and screaming at them Watts the only one that looks like he cares and is playing physical"
"Unbelievable


Trump just granted Randy Fichtner a pardon"
Kick Ben out of the stadium
It’s time to pull Ben
[deleted]
Mike Tomlin better be sending $100 checks every month to Santonio Holmes
"We’re poorly coached man idc, love tomlin but he doesn’t bring the hammer down enough for me"
Tomlin is a horrible coach. I said it
fire coach immediately......fucking moron not calling timeout
[removed]
My tinfoil hat theory is Ben’s elbow still isn’t quite up to par and he’s straining it every time he slings it further than 15 yards
Claypool is actually kinda annoying. Who knew!
If we lose it’s on the defense. They have given up very long drives.
[deleted]
Juju playing bitter cause he can’t cash in on tik tok 🤡
Anyone think the Colts have a shot at winning it all this year?
Did juju dance on the logo?
"Bummers, again we have the ball. Lets put some scores on the board!!! For a change"
Juju is so much better than diontae
Terrible footwork from Ben
Anyone who thinks this team is going to do anything in the playoffs is dillusional.
Ben is cooked. Thanks for the rings and a great 17 years. But it’s time
"So at a certain point you bench Ben, right?"
So this is what a run game looks like
Whose ready to see another loss 🤦🏽‍♀️
I want a RB :(
This team is bad
"Just watched the Colts drive for a TD with ease, while the Ravens did the exact same thing against the Giants. This Steelers team really doesn’t belong in the playoffs."
Romo it’s obvious they can’t pass downfield shut up already
The writing is on the wall.... we have have to let Ben go next year. It’s makes no sense keeping him. We save the $19. What’s the point of keeping him?
"Run is trash, passing is trash. This offense sucks"
[deleted]
this playcalling is so predictable
Oh so that’s how u get 1 yard
Watt for DPOY... Hilton for runner-up
AV completely let him go free
Throw it away Ben cmon
what a pathetic POS coordinator Randy is holy fucking shit!!!!!
I really wanna see Dobbs play
Ben is hurt alot worse than is publicly known. HAS to be. He's playing like a one-winged duck.
Juju drop drop
great catch juju!
I’ve never seen so many drops
"I honestly can't believe it. 

Three yards on two touches with one TD."
It’s unreal that the offense looked even worse that drive. They don’t get that TD without the penalty. Juju has brick hands
anyone have a live link?
"With help from the Colts, we finally score. yay! ☹"
Does anyone see the steelers scoring points with the colts? Honestly.
"Phillip Rivers was just dancing on our logo, HERP-DERP!"
Love seeing Vince fucking Williams get slaughtered in coverage
Please stop pretending this defense is still any good. The colts are moving down the field with such ease. Need more Hiltons and fewer Nelsons.
[deleted]
Avery Williamson is so trash. Gets pushed back 5 yards off the snap
There is no way that the Steelers can win this game with the defense playing like this. FFS.
Who needs a QB when you have stud RBs and Oline
That's on Vince. Terrible timing.
Vince has been shit
Jets are pretty hype rn. I recommend tuning in
Colts have a nice run game. Quentin Nelson manhandling cam and others. Must be nice.
Ben just do something good
Wish we had some options behind Ben but instead we backed off with his complaining and never drafted a competent bacmup
"Put Ben to bed, bring Fichtner out back behind the shed and put him down"
Bens trash
"Bench ben, this is a fucking joke."
What happened to the 5 WR sets we use to do?
I mever knew id want rudolph or duck in more then ben.
Bench Ben please
"So Ben on 1st down had time in the pocket then underthrew a ball to Ebron in quadruple coverage over the middle.

What's the excuse now? Still think Rudolph is worse?"
So since Jets are winning we could just rest up people second half and next week and maybe get healthy for playoffs lol
JETS TIME
For the first time in my life I may switch from the Steelers game to the Chiefs game and I hate the Chiefs.
"We lose, Browns give us the division, Ravens out.

I can dig it.  I dunno. Maybe two weeks off will be good for our starters?"
Ray Ray's the only one making positive yards.
"Motion ray ray, run it right into a colt. Send a blitz with no backside help, and watch a vet QB call it a mile away. Can I be coach?"
Someone get Ben some Permantis we need fat Ben again.
Yay nice catch wooo
Glue factory please
"Do you think if we trade the Jags, Ben, they will give us the first pick and we can get Lawrence?"
Big Bitch Ben
Has Tomlin lost the team
"28-7 at half.  

&#x200B;

Please bring in Rudolph. Try something. Anything. This is worst collapse I've seen in the NFL"
🦆🦆🦆
Go put your dumbass coat on Ben u muppet
"I like watching the Steelers as my playoff team (I am a raiders fan), is big ben washed as I haven't watched the Steelers this season?"
I am so tired of refs not calling holding for our defense. The announcers then have the audacity to complement the colts offense line for how well they are doing... of course it’s easy when your allowed to blatantly not play by the rules.
"My biggest complaint for tomlin over his tenure is his absolutely AWFUL time management lol. I swear half the games theres some stupid shit going on with timeouts, and watching Brady and Roethlisberger conduct a no huddle is like comparing a waterfall to molasses"
Steelers should just not even come out of the tunnel after halftime. They haven’t showed up in over 4 weeks
The fucking blitz hasn’t worked in 5 fucking g weeks. It kills us more than it connects. Just stop
Indianapolis Colts melt Steel Curtains.
I’m up against the colts d what’s going on?
What happened to us???
THROW FURTHER THAN 10 YARDS
Ben is back!!!!
Do Steelers have a running back?
Benny Snell should be cut. Can’t gain a positive yard all game
Hahahahahhahahahahaha wow
This organization lives to serve Ben and his every desire and want.
Hahahahahahahafuck
literally quit the season useless fuckers
The Pittsburgh frauders
I kinda agree with going 4 and out or last possession.
Line could barely give him enough time to throw that
Who the fuck puts raisins in chocolates?  It was surrounded by chocolate covered nuts.  Fucking imposter!
We’re going to the ‘ship boys!
"don't do that
Don't give me hope"
Go thanks the refs
I try to be as fair as possible but there have been some questionable calls this game. From that block in the back to a couple of these DPIs
"All the nephews on r/nfl was right. The steelers was probably the most overated undefeated team ever. Until they can beat old man rivers, I don't see this team going all the way."
"Man I have so mixed feelings about playing Watt again.. On one hand, we all know that we need him, especially right now in this came to make a comeback. But on the other hand, our chances in the offseason are already slim - if Watt injures himself seriously, not only do we have no chance at all in the playoffs but I also don't wanna risk his talent going forward.

Honestly, I'd rather have him not play right now and be ready the next weeks.."
DANCE TIK TOL BOY
Who ever doubted our offense?
Why haven't we been calling plays like that the whole game
"Huge comeback, but that Tomlin bitch at the end of the first half looms large now"
They we’re definitely trying to get Juju a 100 yard game
2 minutes left with a HOF QB on the opponent's team.  Yeah.
"This isn't going to go well, I have a feeling."
Ugh Ravens won
"While you're here sweating, Jets driving for the insurance touchdown"
If anything that was OPI
"Like I said, I got a baaaaaad feeling"
Stop trying to pick it and pick it!
Congrats! Glad AB missed out on this.
WE DID IT
[deleted]
"Most effective plays of this drive have been the short slot passes. Tomlin and Fichtner need to sit Roethlisberger down and have a come to Jesus chat with him in which they basically tell him that he is Alex Smith for the remainder of his career. He is done playing the gunslinger. He is done running the offense. He might not like it but he is nearly 40 years old and his arm and legs are gone.  He can either accept that that is how they win football games with him as QB or he can accept that he’s not QB. But the coaching staff needs to wrestle some control away from him and plan their games for the quarterback they have, not the quarterback Ben Roethlisberger wants to be."
"Fuck it, ship Tomlin’s ass out. I’ve had enough of the disgusting time management. That’s my tipping point. That is solely on him and not a single thing has improved since he took the job."
"Mike Tomlin is the most overrated head coach in football. 3 playoff wins since 2011, none of them remotely impressive wins."
Holy shit can people shut the fuck up about how bad we are? We are down by 14 in a December game and we still have an elite defense and good wrs. I'm here to root for my team. STFU with all this bitching.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Man this Juju shit is pissing me off.

The fact is getting on a logo and dancing on ot *is* disrespectful. I dont care of you're uploading it to your tiktok, pal talk or fuck talk it's not cool. In College football you plant a flag or gather on someone's logo a fight breaks out. Before the Ravens Titans game a brawl nearly broke out over the same thing. 

Teams *don't* fucking like it. The logo represents something important and sacred to them so dancing on it isn't okay to them

But hey, Juju is the man. That's why he hasn't done fuck all lately but at least he can dance like a jackass upsetting opposing teams while this team continues to reel to further his own personal brand. 

Man I remember when Bryan McFadden showboated to the sidelines after picking a ball off in a won game. Cowher *immediately* grabbed him and told him that's not Steeler football.

Now we have clowns dancing on logos before games and trying to somehow justify it.

Good fucking grief, get a fucking grip. **OPPOSING TEAMS DON'T LIKE IT, YOUR TEAM WOULDN'T EITHER AND DEFENDING THIS CLOWN FOR BEING A SELFISH PRICK DOESN'T HELP**"
"People think this defense is good?

No. It’s Tj Watt and that’s it"
[deleted]
"Everyone saying we didn't run it when we ran it on first down.

Then everyone saying it was bad playcalling when Claypool dropped a touchdown.

I can't with you people."
[deleted]
"Steelers fans when Rivers complains about a bad call: SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU WHINEY OLD FUCK AND RETIRE ALREADY!

Steelers fans when Roethlisberger gets on the radio and puts his teammates on blast: That’s leadership. 🤷‍♂️

Never change yinzers."
"You mean we actually scored with Ben under center and leaning on our RBs??????

Time to watch the fat fuck throw 45 more quick slants from the empty set today"
"Out efforting this team right now. Most damning play was their scat back running over Bince. This has been a pathetic effort on defense, don’t even need to be angry at the offense right now."
"Why isn't everyone just excited it wasn't a losing season?


Isn't terrible play on both sides of the ball for a month now entertaining enough for you???"
Yea I’m actually okay with Tomlin not using a TO. Having Buffalo bills flashbacks. Ben has sucked in a rush lately.
Rivers is going to march them down the field and screw us. Except a BS call against the defense as well. The NFL always has to try and make the games exciting. They'll call some ticky tack bullshit to keep the Colts alive.
They suck so bad. Worst offense ever. Bottom 5 team in the league. Fire Randy. Fire Tomlin. Ben is washed up.
Man I fucking hate Romo
Tomlin gotta go
[deleted]
Tunch Ilkin is embarrassing
Fucking catch the ball Edmunds
Maybe Tomlin intentionally wasted clock as to get back at the offense for having a players only meeting and hurting his feelings. Fucking pathetic coach.
[deleted]
"I think I am going to need to find a new team if this shit continues. Not even trying to FUCKING play!

Bench Ben!"
Can we fire Fichtner mid-game?
Tomlin’s an asshole
Villy has sucked fucking dick for years. This isn't new.
"Man for 5 years ain’t shit changed. Same shitty personnel, same shitty results. Glad you all are happy with the state of this team"
[deleted]
Mike Tomlin is such a good coach! No losing seasons is so hot! Oh my God I want him to fuck me!
Juju you are ass bro
Conner is ranked #20 in the league...when he’s healthy.
Did greene commit suicide?
3 missed tackles in 3 yards. Blow the team up. They are done
I wonder what we would need to give up for Minshew this off-season.
Andddd turned it off. We are a bottom 5 team in the league this is such an embarrassment
Dance juju dance
Nice stat pad for juju maybe he can get to 100 in garbage time?
I miss AB
Ben can’t throw.
ngl the refs been playing for us. but we'll take it.
Getting saved by the refs
I’d love to headbutt romo as hard as I can
Bullshit flag
Our defense is fucking trash why do we keep giving up the sideline? THEY HAVE ZERO TIMEOUTS GENIUSES
You would think that our team would be smart enough to cover the sidelines and leave the middle of the field open rather than vice versa...
Refs aren't going to let it end. They probably have one more penalty up their sleeves to help the Colts.
"Thank your guardian angels, aka the officials"
"Yea not impress, thank you penalties and defense!"
Fuck mike Tomlin
DJ was back there because McCloud has been complete trash lately
[deleted]
"Fellas at least we won our super bowl this year right? I mean, no losing season!"
"Put in Rudolf, let’s at least lose with some dignity"
You guys are acting like we haven’t always been a second half team lol
Honestly I hope Rivers can end his career with a ring. The Chargers are an awful organization and fucked him so hard.
Wow bailed out by zebras. Lol that was clearly a pick 6
[deleted]
I went from loving Juju to wanting him gone in 3 weeks. What a story arc.
 Tomlin is exposed. Fire this ducking clown RIGHT NOW
Refs are the entire steelers offence
I wonder if all game threads on Reddit are this negative lol quit bitching and support that team
[deleted]
Why is Romo sucking the Colts off so much? The Steelers can't beat anyone.
[removed]
CUT DIONTAE JOHNSON HE FUCKING SUCKS HE IS GARBAGE
Hilton is not good in coverage
Cam Sutton fucking sucks
He can dance but not catch a fucking pass
"Call it a moral victory, rest everyone for two weeks starting now, and take your chances on the road."
[removed]
[deleted]
So am I gonna get racist now for saying I don’t want Tomlin back
Fire every coach. Cut every player. Tank fir number 1 pick
[deleted]
those were such bs DPI lmao but who cares!
Thank god the refs gave us all the momentum
Can we safely say Fire Tomlin in this sub yet or does he still have Teflon applied?
Our offense is not on Ben. He’s shown he can still throw a good deep ball and mid level throws. Our offensive play calling is absolutely dogshit and way too predictable so nobody’s open anymore
Mike Tomlin just isn’t a true head coach. He’s just a buddy for veterans. No backbone
"And y’all thought JuJu....
And that AB....
And that Ben was...phew"
"I'll be back when Tomlin is gone. Every year, same thing... he's done."
Juju is so fucking trash
So happy I bit the bullet and bought Sunday ticket this year. I wish it wasn’t so damn expensive
I’m not looking forward to this.
And... They look the same as they have for the last month
This O-Line is hot garbage
Wide open smh
"Stuck in Georgia without a laptop, anyone have a good radio solution to listen to the game"
Our run defense is so shit
Idk if I can do this today. Goddamn wtf is this shit? We’re not winning another game playing like this.
Cam Heyward and Tuitt have been dog shit since the Titans game
Fucking inept coaching.
"The only option we have left is to sit Ben. They won't tho because they have nothing to lose, oh wait."
New week same problems. I've completey lost interest in watching Steelers offense. I'm glad I have 3 other TVs to watch
No losing seasons! Yeah!
 Nothing against Ben is still my QB but today is time to save him put on the field the reindeer and save the Old Man for the playoffs. Today him on the field is meaningless
Wait why isn’t Boswell playing?
Idk how you guys can watch the Steelers lose every single snap on offense defense and special teams and still think we have good coaches.
"Did juju dance on our field logo? 
Nah. We'll get them. 
What about try to send in mason some of the time? I belive in him, he'll just need more game practice.
F**k yeah, good fumble, get out of the way ref. Haha"
UP THE MIDDLE WITH CONNER PLEASE RANDY PLEASE
Stop throwing it to Johnson ffs
Shredded
Open. Wide Open. Open. Wide open.
Vince Williams looks like dog shit.
This defense is fucking trash lmao
What a garbage tackle
Just the two of us is one of the grooviest songs of the era to me. The bass line in it is just awesome
Great throw Ben...you know our jerseys are black...right?
WHY ARE WE FORCING TO EBRON WHEN THERE IS A MAN OPEN BEHIND HIM?!
BRO THIS PLAY CALLING IS SOOOOO BAD
Why do we keep running Benny snell.
Play Rudolph - seriously
Colts are dangerous
JETS BABY
I do hope DJ gets benched.
these fuckin receivers have grown alligator arms it seems...catch a fuckin pass assholes
can we get Cowher back to coach us the rest the season?
Big BenCH amirite
Pathetic call
Where are all these non-flairs coming from these days? Swear I never seen them when we were winning? 🤔
"We have high standards, and expect nothing short of perfection...just don't forget how good we've had it. 

Have some faith and try to be positive."
[deleted]
Why not just let them run the clock it’s too late now
Terrible throw. Should’ve been a TD.
What kind of mentality does this team have?  We are living in our fears.
"Renegade!!!

https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc"
refs with the friendly spots for the colts
UNLEASH HELL
"O Line manhandled, like holy fuck"
On the bright side if the defense can make a stop there will be good feild position.
Jets should stick to Darnold and draft penei sewell 😏
Diontae caught one?
That should answer the question of whether Ben still has an arm.
"Nothing to get excited about, one in a million throw for Ben there"
I think the people that think Tomlin is some sort of a elite coach don’t watch the rest of the league. He gets out coached more often than not.
Claypool and diontae are our future at WR
Ok I see you Ben and DJ 👀
Let’s gooooooo FTC
Why was Johnson on the field
Thanks Zebras
well unfortunately they can't get it in from the 1 yard line or I'd be excited about this penalty
We did need two crucial penalties there soooo
Hope Stealers win in double OT
Legit was playing renegade on that 3rd down
"No one ever deserves to talk mess on this defense, they are the heart and soul of this team! I would die for them!!!"
"Savy playcall on that run, gotta give Randy that one"
Ebron was open
[deleted]
Claypool in the second half of this season has been disappointing. He can’t come down with balls in those deep contested catches like he’s built to do.
"remember all those people last week like ""Ben's done, we need to give Mason a chance.""

lol"
[deleted]
Gotta go for it here.
Is our sack streak still going?
Steven Nelson is fucking buns bro
Finallyyyyyy Finallyytyyytt A W we winnnnn and the browns loseeeee 10-5 ravens 10-5😅
Fire Tomlin.
You people are acting like we’re not gonna win the super bowl lmao. It’s been a bad few weeks but Tomlin will get us to the super bowl just like every other year
"Rooneys should fire entire staff and palyers except for tj watt. He’s the only player that hasn’t given up, I give up on a team that quits...fuck this team fuck the coaches, fucking pathetic losers"
[deleted]
[deleted]
BeN cAnT tHrOw DeEp WiTh VeLoCiTy
Go suck the refs dick
"If I were the Rooney’s, I’d give Lincoln Riley, no joke $15 million a year to replace Mike Tomlin in 2022"
[deleted]
Juju looks pretty sad he can't dance now. Looks like he's moping and playing half speed..
Juju fucking sucks Jesus Christ
The defense can't stop shit I'm not sure why yall are so hard on the offense not like your getting any help on the other side of the ball
God Romo is so fucking annoying. I dont know why everyone cums in their pants for him.
[deleted]
"How does anybody like Mike Tomlin or think he’s a good coach at this point? 

Oh wait. No losing seasons!"
[removed]
"The narrative around the league is ""when wi the Steelers adjust? They have sucked for a month."" While the narrative in this sub is ""tOmLIn iS a ToP 5 cOAch."" Guess I'm racist again."
Bench Ben
Boo boo shoester
Anyone else excited to resign Tomlin for 5 years?
"Why did they not run into the camera and celebrate like we just won the fucking Super Bowl? Dance motherfucker, dance! TikTok out!"
Ball game
Dog Shit Defense. These guys are a joke. All splash concentration no get it done mentality when it comes down to 4 downs.
I know we got injuries on our defense and they play their asses off almost every game but come one. Its not reliable anymore in 3rd convertions and tackles
Catch the god damn fucking ball.
Tomlin should thank Ken Whisenhunt for sucking and handing him a Super Bowl. Tomlin would’ve been fired 2 years ago when AB lost it. Tomlin has no control over the team and never has.
"Ben is fine.  There is a reason he was never in the Brady/Manning class, he’s not as consistent as those guys.

He can still peak when it matters most."
Just don’t know how you watch this game and think Big Ben is the only HoF QB taking snaps. Rivers is HoF and proving it.
"Tomlin has zero fire, Ben has given up, oline has given up...wasting out time"
"Wow that kickstarter campaign you guys ran during the first half to pay off the refs must have been massively succesful. We cant usually get near that kind of cheatery from the refs

- cheers from a packers fan"
[removed]
Lol and another fumble for tik tok boy
Until we cut Ben and fire Tomlin - this is what we're dancing with. Ugh.
Congratulations Refsburgh
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Hopefully you get the same reffing crew for playoff round 1.
"Why is Ben playing? We're not gonna be the 1 seed no matter what, why not just rest him? Especially with the hyperextended knee?"
I'm not a NFL fan but I'm kinda interested in this train wreck. What happened?
[deleted]
Vince Williams is the worst player on the field for both teams holy fuck
Hear me out...pick up cam newton this off-season and pray tomlin can get him correct. If he sucks we move on like the pats. We need change. Also fire fitchner
[deleted]
[deleted]
Juju can dance better than he catches
Resign juju all the yinzers yell!!!!
This league is so dumb. So obviously rigged.
Game ball goes to the refs for sure. Gave the steelers about 14 points. One BS PI call for the colts at the end doesnt outweigh that
People tried to tell you guys all year Steelers were massively overrated. Now do you understand?
Fire Tomlin
[deleted]
[deleted]
"News Flash: you shouldn't feel good about your team, the refs are just handing it to you"
The refs handed the Steelers the game
Steven nelson trash
[removed]
""
[deleted]
""
""
Please keep serious suggestions in DM.
Don’t torture yourself. But if you do go to nflbite and do either givemeredditstream or topstreamer
Nflbite.com
"Accordingly to what I’m seeing better you walk the dog buddy

Never been so happy of edit a comment and apologize with you all
I have downvoted myself"
with vpn you can stream on [prosiebenmaxx.de](https://prosiebenmaxx.de) but its with german speakers
Crackstreams..... Full hd all games available free
I’m glad all those comments saying not to watch the game ended up being wrong. What a comeback! Go Steelers
Bilasport.net
Givemenflstreams dot com
Liveonscore.net
Only 28 yards of offense?  FFS
Don’t
"Since this is the last home game of the season, I was disappointed we didn’t get to see the throwback block letter jerseys this year. Have they been discontinued already, or will they be back next year?"
Think they only did it for the anniversary of the 78 and 79 teams.
I think the only positive from today is that they didn’t embarrass those uniforms playing like this.
They got to make a white version and make it permanent
"No man...they went with their throw up uniforms instead...matching their ""make me puke"" performance."
Unless we go pre-70s I honestly can't tell the difference. Is it just the font or something? I feel like we have had the same uniforms forever.
[removed]
""
[removed]
We got you guys... I hope
Uh guys you’re asking too much to the worst 11-0 team ever...
But we’re the worst 11-3 team ever. You’re fucked
Yeahhhhh I don't think that's happening after that touchdown
No :)
Nevermind! I’ll just root for the Jets. Keep on losing.
Ravens fan also. Please beat these colts today.
Put the Ravens practice squad on the field and it might happen!
Leave
Please fuck up more teams with COVID irresponsibility. Take your peace and shove it.
[removed]
""
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[removed]
i just want to run the ball for more than 2 yards 😔
"Yeah...it has nothing to do with that. Maybe that didn’t help but the Steelers are just playing terrible and that’s that. Our offense is extremely predictable and can’t even do the little things. 

Defense isn’t terrible but not looking good today."
[deleted]
"Not sure why posts like these are full of league apologists. 

We legit did not have a bye. The bye we got, we practiced the entire week. The extended week we got for the Ravens game, we were practicing because the league was not being transparent about how they were going to proceed.

The bye is there for a reason. Our players being hurt, looking like they lack effort, looking exhausted, being mentally fatigued are all legitimate symptoms of burnout, and they're suffering because of it."
Every team plays 3 games in 12 days. Try Again
Quit making excuses
Shut up
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"No, we don’t root against our own team, fuck off"
"Absolutely not. Conner’s gone anyway, Steelers aren’t gonna offer him a contract, and Colbert’s a great GM, whether or not we lose this game he will make great decisions."
"Rooting against them? No, of course not. But I fully expected us to get embarrassed this week, next week, and then the first week of the playoffs. This team is awful right now. I don’t think I can remember a worse collapse in the NFL than what we are seeing unfolds before us.

The defense has been hit hard with injuries but even if they were full strength they wouldn’t be able to bail us out. Last year proved you need an offense as well.

The o line is washed and soft. Villy gets blown off the ball damn bear every play, while Pouncey and Decastro need to double team just to get a push. Chucks is serviceable but not amazing. Dotson is the only one I’ve seen actually push his block 5 yards back on a run play.

Ben’s reads are just as bad as his throwing ability. Randy should never have even gotten the OC job but he did because he’s Ben’s buddy and hen runs our franchise. Tomlin absolutely flat out refuses, publicly, to make any meaningful changes, be it schematically or coaching staff. So I’m not sure why any of us would expect the Steelers to win a game without change.

If I’m the Steelers I’m offering Mike Munchak the OC job and offering to move his whole damn family to Pittsburgh. I’m drafting a qb (probably Mac Jones or Kyle Trask depending on who goes first) and then o-line and rb the next three rounds."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Hes coming back for that 40 mil
He won’t retire. Colbert needs to release him.
"He is far too proud to continue to play as he has. I predict retirement, or moving into a mentor position for a draft QB, if it could be managed in a way that didn’t make Ben feel ridiculous."
The Ben super bowl window is closed.  Time to rebuild for the future.
"Fuck it, put in one of the backup QB's. Nothing to lose."
It's the o-line bro. They suck so hard that defense can sit back all day and have great coverage
He’s been terrible since the hyperextended knee. Would resting him do any good?
28 yds of offense.  What a joke we’ve become.  Bench Ben and try to do something different FFS.
Yeah he's done. His elbow was the least of his worries.
Well Sam Darnold or Minshew will be open next year
I miss todd Haley
"If they don't somehow pick it up soon, it might be best if he retires.  It's much preferable that he retires than if they bench or release him.  I don't want him going to another team and I doubt he wants that.  However, to blame only Ben isn't accurate.  It's a whole team mental breakdown.  

The problem is who do they go to?  Neither Rudolph nor Dobbs are the answer.  They'd need to get a decent veteran."
"The Steelers are lucky the fans aren’t in the stadium.
Cowherd was right about the Steelers the whole season. They ain’t shit."
Release him today? no?
"Sadly true. I've been saying put Rudolph in for weeks, I don't like saying that as I don't think he's good but fuck, this offense is shit and arguably one of the worst in the league. Something needs to change."
So true
"I don’t think it’s 100% on Ben. There have been a ton of dropped passes. O-line has been getting worse. I am by no means an expert but, it seems they did have Ben work on his mid-deep range passes at all. It was all 5-15 yard passing for the most part. He came over a possible career ending injury. Came out the gate looking great or at least better than he has in the past few years. I do think we need to start looking for his replacement. 

I am a Spurs fan. We got spoiled by years of greatness, we expect to win. We expect to be on top. When we don’t it’s all doom and gloom. Imagine being a Nets fan or a jets fan. 

I am on board with Randy needing to go. It’s the offensive play calling. It’s not horrible, it’s average. We cannot be average....well. Sometimes it’s horrible. Lol"
It is a little bit . The play calling in this stretch has been terrible. Like how is it that I have figured out the defense of every other team has figured out offense out. Time to figure out the run and long pass game. We will only win with play action.
"this is one of the worst offensive lines he's had in a decade. LT, LG and RT are playing terribly. It's why he has to get rid of the ball so fast because he doesn't have the time. The line gets better, Ben will play better. It's the case for every single QB with talent in NFL history. I do think he's 2-3 years away from the end though. Hey, maybe instead of trading a potential top 5 pick for a safety just so we could try to keep Tomlin's no losing season record intact, we should have embraced the tank and we'd be sitting here with Herbert."
"I disagree, with a healthy alternative. 

Ben is the best QB this franchise has ever had. The man has taken us to 3 SuperBowls and won 2 of them. Even if he was never the ""star"" of those teams, he was certainly not holding us back. 
I dont think we need to force him to retire. We should draft a QB in the first round this year. This can breed some competition and really give Ben one last year with a stellar defense and strong O-Line. Then he can ride off into the sunset the year after and we can start our new QB. A win-win."
"It’s not all bens fault. He not the running back who can’t make it 1 yard. He’s not the wr who keeps dropping. He is t the play calling who doesn’t use play action or call timeout or kick field goals when they should.

The d is just getting warm out with all the time they spend on the field with all those 3&outs on offense.

Bens biggest fault is the lack of leadership in the locker room. Not is play. Someone should have made juju stop dancing long before this week.

Jujus dancing is not the reason for their collapse but it is a symptom of it."
Were you too afraid to say it when we were 11-0?
[removed]
[removed]
They honestly don’t care at all this team is embarrassing.
I thought his dancing was the problem.  No?  Guess we'll keep looking for what the problem is.
[deleted]
"""For the betterment of my teammates who are playing like trash fires, I'm going to resume dancing to distract ya'll from that"""
I can't fucking watch this team what the fuck we were so good man.
can we just give our playoff spot away and draft trevor lawrence ik it won’t happen but who says no. i’m not trying to see us in the playoffs
"I’d rather lose and have our players not be jaggoff than lose and have our players be jaggoffs. So no, don’t dance on teams logos. We would be outraged if it was ours"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Randy Fincher is a fucking joke he couldn't coach a 3rd grade team.
How are we not 3-11
Any utility to put one of the backups in? At least they should have the arm strength to get the ball to the receivers.
"I really did, I’m happy those wins happened. This season was a good time. It always sucks when the music stops playing. I’m just not in denial about it."
If the Browns lose today we win the division. We are not done yet. Here we go Steelers
But how do we even know we don’t have a running game? We barely try.
I hope the steelers prove me wrong.
Drunk already partner?
Id go with mason at this point.
It worked the last 30 seconds but watch 3rd quarter back to the little fucking dumbass 3 yard passes. Sick of this shit.
[removed]
-5
I’d give it a Snell total rushing yards: -1
Lucky you. Can we swap
"Long story short the Colts have 3 receivers with 20 YPC and they’ve just been punching it in from the 2 with a inside run after long long passes, it’s not going well at this point"
"What’s really pissing me off is week in and week out they keep saying “we have to make adjustments, and start being more physical” and have literally made 0 adjustments towards anything, if anything Ben has regressed, we have to get rid of him, he’s playing like shit and has been."
Our offense looks exactly as it has in the past three games.
I tuned out for a bit.  Tuned back in to find the Colts scored again and for Ben's pass to plop down on the ground.  It's truly painful to watch.  They should absent themselves from the playoffs.  It's not even worth watching.
It depends on your expectations. If you thought they’d come out and play well it’s probably like -15. If you thought they’d completely blow it and play terribly then it’s like maybe a 3.
"Offense - 0
Defense- 2
Special teams- 2 - mostly due to indy's flags"
3. Browns are losing so we get the division
I watched the game ... You're not going to believe it but ...BIGGEST COMEBACK in Steelers history ... Whoa Nellie!
1
"-20. For real, this is just so shit. Our team is completely lost."
"3. Browns are losing, so we get the division"
[removed]
"Nah we been garbage. We were lucky for a long time, but our problems and lack of bye week have caught up and passed us."
"Obviously Juju dancing didn’t have anything to do with poor play. People didn’t like the dancing because it was disrespectful. Also, if you’re going to dance on another teams logo, back it up with solid play."
Maybe he should have danced on our logo today. Then we might have been fired up for this game
"According to this sub, we excel at cherry picking past comments written out of frustration, and starting new pointless threads that are equally dumb or worse. Thank you for your contributions!"
i can’t even watch anymore
they’re on our 10 waiting to score
"I feel like the dancing was brought up more on r/nfl. Here the problems are Randy and Ben’s elbow

Which checking right now... yeah. Still a problem"
Can y’all shut the fuck up with this? No one was saying we lost because he was dancing. Not a single person. It doesn’t need to be the reason we lost for it to be idiotic
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
That 20 yard throw that went 17 yards.
i’d rather see the water boy go in for a few drives can’t get worst than we have been doing
Bring in the reindeer
We’re garbage like this. Gotta make some changes.
"Lol, Steelers fans are the worst. When the Steelers were 11-0 fans were saying he's comeback player of the year, and ""that's my Ben"". You'd be the type to cheer if he got carted off hurt."
[removed]
fuck it put one of us in. we have over 100k people in this sub reddit one of us can do something
I don’t see it making us worse...
Yup. He needs to go. Might as well throw worthless Rudolph in at this point.
People actually want to see Rudolph lmaoooo
"I dunno, Rudolph at 100% still isn't better than Ben at 50%."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Thank you. Big ben is an amazing qb but cmon man his time is up and im tired of these delusional steelers fans that think he’s god.
Lol you talking about the deep ball where DJ cut inside when he wasnt supposed to?
Honestly he must be hurt way worse than the Steelers tell the public..at this point just sit Ben and let him rest for the playoffs. Put Mason in it’s not much worse
I remember blowing the colts out for like 5 years straight
"Agree.
We need a QB who can go under center. Shotgun is too predictable
 Bring Ben in on third and longs or red zone"
"Yeah, is dog shit."
Old age. Broken body. Put Mason in.
[removed]
What’s the point if we are gna get wrecked in the first round
"We don't celebrate division titles, only Super Bowl titles. If they don't win the Super Bowl nothing else matters."
"Who gives a shit about the division? This team is an absolute joke right now. They can't beat Cincinnati, there's no way that they go anywhere in the playoffs."
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Refs are the least of the problem
[deleted]
[removed]
i think we just gave up it sucks but what’s this offense really going to do
Tomlin’s end of first half clock management has been really confusing all year. Like all of a sudden then don’t want to score within the last minute if the half. It makes absolutely no sense.
"He was probably afraid that the offense would go three and out, giving them the ball right back or turn it over. Tomlin has no faith in this offense and I can’t blame him"
"Best bet is...
He was afraid of giving the ball back with 25seconds left."
"The standard is the standard. Mike T is too proud or stubborn to ask for help making in game clock and challenge decisions.

No clue how we got outsmarted by that play by Rivers, just take the fucking timeout! You have 3 to burn."
"He’s completely checked out, just like the team he is coaching.  Not even not trying to win."
"Shows 1 he sucks as a coach..an 2 also shows he has no faith in Ben  an offense...Ben needs cut after this game, he is a bum an is done..retire now jagoff"
[deleted]
[removed]
Exactly what I was saying this is absolutely embarrassing. You know it had to be an accident too because they stopped the clock after 3rd down and still tried to go for the field goal
I think we just gave up tbh
Tomlin has no losing seasons! Everything he does is right!  You must be racist! (Sarcasm)
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Tomlin just let the clock run down for no reason. He stopped caring. None of them outside Watt and Hilton seem to give a crap.
Yes
This has been pissing me off for weeeeeeks. Perfectly put. But every post game comment from Tomlin or Ben is we’ve got to be better. No shit. At some point you actually have to BE better.
Honestly watching this game makes me so upset. You couldn’t have said it better. 🧙🏼‍♂️
Everyone on offense in the fetal position
Juju has the worst body language I have ever seen. Doesn’t even try to hide it
How does anyone expect a W if we’re not trying? Where’s the motivation? Where’s the drive? It’s easier to say who’s done their job as opposed to who hasn’t since there’s so few people actually wanting to win it seems
[removed]
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kl9q17)"
Did you watch him last year? He's garbage.
"Am I crazy in thinking OLine is the biggest issue right now?

Ben’s last two passes to Diontae, when the camera panned to them, Diontae was saying it was his fault/ran the wrong route. Ben isn’t playing great but we can’t run the ball cause our O Line is soft"
No Dobbs. Mason is trash.
Next week yes.
[removed]
You don't want to watch the game trust me
Crackstreams
"If you have wifi on your device, look up nflbite and find the game"
You are much better off watching the Browns.
"I’ll run it down for you, non stop slant plays, no running game, and we can’t move the ball 🤷🏽‍♂️"
don’t watch it it’s not worth it
[removed]
i just want to see us drive down the field once😔
Our playoff loss will be an epic embarrassment that we need in order to make the necessary changes.
How can you even call yourself a fan with this attitude
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Winning cures all. When you’re losing it’s a lot easier to see the glaring holes that have been there all season.
It’s Fichtner. It’s always been Fichtner since he took over. The defense is tired and down to 3rd stringers so that’s excusable and almost expected but all of the offenses problems can be traced back to Ben and Fichtner.
It's not Tomlin's fault Randy sucks and Ben's accuracy is off.
[removed]
[removed]
""
[removed]
We will live or die on Ben this year without a question.
It’s really hard to watch! Just keep running the same plays over and over that don’t work. If any other type of person sucked this bad at their job they would be fired immediately
"You sir, are an idiot."
Don’t you look fuckin stupid
they can do that by cutting him and saving 20 mil in cap
"Weren’t there extension talks? Strike me down now, oh merciful Lord."
lol
"That’s not 100% fair to say. WRs have dropped passes, RBs can’t get any yardage. Special Teams gives up good field position. The defense gives up huge chunks. If only it were as simple as we need a new QB"
"This entire season has been fucked with injuries and covid. We’ve lost 3 linebackers to the seasons, plus bince to covid for weeks. We played I believe an entire game without Nelson or Haden. We’ve shuffled the offensive line all year and had 3rd stringers playing. 

Ben’s contract is the biggest issue next year (which they’ll push down the line with an extension) and then the offensive line. We need a RT and a guard. Hopefully we get our LT back and healthy next year off the ACL tear.

We’re losing JC and big Al next season on offense and possibly JuJu. We’re losing Dupree and Sutton on defense and possibly Hilton. But if the rest of the team is healthy we and retool the offensive line I have no problem with Ben. 

The league didn’t take 11 weeks to figure out the offense. They couldn’t stop it because we looked just like Indy does today. We could run and pass because the line was blocking well. Injuries and fatigue have now taken a toll and our aging line is no longer elite."
This didn't age well...
Steelers need to get new fans.
You’re wrong lol
"He's playing with a hyperextension in his knee. An injury he sustained 4 weeks ago. The play calling sucks because they are trying to keep him healthy for the playoffs. Hoping he takes less hits by calling a ton off short yardage quick stuff. The run game sucks because defenses are pressing up and not allowing it.
We need to find the QB of the future yes, but the attitude that Ben is washed up is ignoring real facts."
"> he is calling bad plays

how do you know which play-calls are his?"
This aged great
LMFAOOOO
"yeah i’d take the cap hit and cut him. at least with him out we’ll have to force ourselves to run more. i can’t stand watching him throw incompletion after incompletion with no running back even on the field. the play calling is just awful too, we’re so predictable and just keep trying the same plays like they aren’t gonna expect it again"
"I respect bens play but don’t have any attachment to him.  He wasn’t a great teammate.  Never took a nickel less than top dollar.  Not a hard worker at practice or the off-season.  

Dump him."
"You know teams can't just force players to retire, right?  If Ben doesn't want to, there isn't much the team can do."
"Sad to see a Hall of Fame QB decline in front of your eyes. I saw it with Bradshaw and it was tough and hoped I would never see it again. Steelers own the Bengals, Steelers own the Colts, this Steelers team is getting owned by inferior teams. That is just plain sad. Come on Ben don’t make the organization be the bad guy, do the right thing for the team. Super Bowls are behind you not in front of you."
Let’s go get Minshew
[removed]
Another rough December for Tomlin
Nope. 11-6... unfortunately
"No team to ever start 11-0 has lost more than 2 regular season games.

Edit: 3 games as the 09 Saints went 13-3 and then won the Super Bowl."
"11-5 and division win, is great if you had told me this in September. That said, I’ll be shocked if we have a playoffs win. We should really focus on the future. Who’ll be our starting QB in 2021? Who’ll be our RB? How can we get our defense to be scary again?"
If we’re lucky
Nope lol
we could put every fan in pittsburgh on our offense and we would still go 3 and out
Looks like it...in fact? I am hoping Cleveland loses today and we rest people next week.
Skyfaller
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
We can’t do anything right but we might clinch the division anyway!
"JETS WIN!

(And it doesn't matter.)"
Adam Gase dismantling the Jets draft positioning on his way out the door is diabolical!
J-E-T-S
Is Cleveland the worst 10-4 team ever? 😉
"S-T-E-E-L-E-R-S

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS

STEELERS !"
Didn’t even need them but they still won lmao
I’ll donate $50 to a Steeler charity if they sit their starters next week
W-E S-U-C-K!
It’s a shame because the Jets really needed that no.1 draft pick slot
https://imgur.com/a/CXEUJ4Z
"They ended our season last year.  So did the saints, but couldn’t believe we lost to the jets."
With our luck Cleveland will rally back
There’s still time to reverse the curse with premature celebrations
I'm still trying to figure out what part of the gameplan calls for Baker throwing 50 plus times when you got 2 really good RBs
Why do you want to? So you can watch the Steelers lose an embarrassing playoff game at home instead of on the road?
[removed]
He let 40 seconds roll off the clock with a minute left and three timeouts.
"My mind is made up. When we win, Tomlin good. When we lose, Tomlin bad."
So he shouldn't be held accountable for his team's pathetic performance for 5 straight weeks?
Tomlin is good but wildly overrated.
"Personally, I think Tomlin has done a good job. We were doing great until the NFL decided that we should pay the price for other teams’ COVID failures and fucked up our rhythm and schedule. Combine that with the devastating injuries on the Defensive side of the ball? 

I don’t know, I don’t know what you expect. You expect our scrubs and a in season trade of desperation to perform like our starters? If that’s the case? It’s BS to me.

On the Offensive side of the ball? You have a QB who is excellent, but definitely in the twilight of his career. An interior offensive line(Pouncey/DeCastro) who are just as talented but only a half step behind the aging QB?

What do you want?"
"Look, there’s nothing wrong with having different opinions on Tomlin - i’ve been through a range of emotions in this game alone. We’ve looked like complete garbage for weeks now, and he finished that stretch off by completely mismanaging the clock at the end of the half, and then we see what we’ve seen in the second half. 

He’s had a great deal of regular season success, but the playoff wins have certainly been lacking in the last few years. There are valid arguments that he is one of the better coaches in the league, and valid arguments that he regularly does less with more. 

In short, he is who he is."
"As soon as you bring race into the argument you lose, coaches are judged by results."
"It's not that difficult. Nobody out there we would take over Tomlin right now. But he's not an all time great coach, that's reserved for, well, all time greats"
"Record means Jack shit. He’s an underachiever and has been for years now. He’s full of flaws that a normally great team hides, but the past month, his team hasn’t produced enough to hide his flaws. And now one of the things I praised him about seems to be gone too: his ability to motivate his team. He *was* an easy guy to rally around and he was a great motivator. But where has been the motivation the last month? We’re playing like we want to lose, like we want the season to end. How does that look good on a coach? How does a team that’s seemingly not trying a good thing for the coach?"
[removed]
[removed]
Keep the faith brother
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
I agree. I think he’s scared to get hit or injure his knee. It also doesn’t help that DeCastro and Al can’t protect him for shit
"At no point this year has his elbow seemed lacking, duck balls and everything. It's beyond that

His left knee has been through a lot! 2005, 2015, 2016, now this year. I'm sure I'm missing a few. He obviously doesn't want to get it hurt because, most likely, he won't be able to stay out there. I just hope playoff time he says fuck it and plays like it's his last game. It very well could be"
its strange some throws seem like they have zip others look like they have nothing
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
[removed]
"The 2nd N was originally 'New Quarterbacks Look Like Hall of Famers' LOL. 

This comeback would be GIGANTIC."
Haha this is fantastic.
This may be the best post of the season
N- neglect Chase Claypool
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
""
[removed]
It just feels good to be having fun watch the Steelers. Win or Lose.. these guys have come to play in the second half. Let's go. I'm pumped.
"I’m still heated how predictable we were on offense, but it is nice actually throwing the ball more than 27 inches. We need a QB that can actually get under center and open up the play book"
Cue the fair weather fans coming back to give Ben and the Offense props....
