text
""
"Bellichick later: ""Get the cameras boys we can't let this happen again"""
Man I miss when getting onto the 5 yard line was basically a touchdown.  Just ride the Bus in.
Also this reminds me of Jordan in that last dance Doc. Brady- “and i took that personally”
"Brings a tear to my eye, damn I miss that team!"
Kicked the snot out the Eagles on that next game too.
[removed]
"I gotta see my college QB go toe to toe with Brady!

But the Ravens, Browns, and Bengals all won. And I didn't get to watch a Steelers game on top of that. 

But we're still first in the AFCN, so it's all good"
"The Browns are lookin pretty feisty finally, Burrow showed he belongs and The Ravens are the Ravens. If The Steelers win the division they'll be the most battle tested team in the playoffs. I like that."
"I'd like to say that we always play down to the level of our opponent.  It turns out, our opponent has always been us.
  
^^^this ^^^is ^^^a ^^^joke"
Still undefeated!!
"Still first place in the division!

Time to handle business with Eastern Pennsylvania and protect the throne"
"Fire Mike Tomlin

Big Ben needs to Retire

Devin Bush is a Bust

JuJu needs to stay off Social Media"
That was one hell of a game i still can't believe we got out of this as the division leaders.
"The Steelers are about to play another soft Offensive Line.

#Most Sacks Allowed

1. Texans - 16
2. Bengals - 15
3. Giants - 14
3. Eagles - 14
5. Broncos - 13
5. Jaguars -13
5. 49ers - 13
5. Washington - 13


We still get to play The Jaguars, Bengals (x2)  Washington, and Eagles who are all bottom 5 teams in sacks allowed.

We currently rank 2nd in Sacks and unlike the 1st place Eagles, we have only played 3 games.

We currently rank 2nd in Yds/G and 4th in Pts/G on Defense

Eagles currently rank 28th in Yds/G and 26th in Pts/G on Offense

#Steelers Sack Totals This Season

1. Giants - 3
2. Broncos - 7
3. Texans - 5

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j5kson)"
my mind is telling me 4 but my body is telling me 10
I’m just trying to imagine what infinity sacks would look like. Like would TJ just hold Carson on the ground for 60 minutes.
6
Jesus the Steelers are 7/13 Broncos sacks......thats BANANAS
"The idea in r/nfl that we've only gotten sacks cause we're facing bad O lines is sooo dumb. We're also getting pressure at historic levels even for a pass rush that has been the best for the past few years. Also part of the reason they've sucked is because they've played us. 

Anyways, last year we demolished some of the best O lines like the Colts and Ravens so that should be more proof that this is just a monstrous pass rush."
Anyone else worried about sleeping on the eagles?
"None.
  
The Eagles will have positive COVID tests and the game will be cancelled because the NFL won't make a forfeit happen (for some reason) and the season will not be extended."
Going to drop that 10 spot
More than in week 4
More than or equal to the number from week 4.
"i will predict 4. One from each of Watt, Dupree, Williams & Hilton"
"Wentz is somewhat hard to bring down & good at throwing the ball away last second. 0 - 2.  In fact, I'd be surprised if we don't go more coverage this week to stop the check downs & TEs.  Their receivers kinda suck."
"I'll say 5.  

Jones escaped just barely in week 1 to keep the totals low.  We feasted on the Broncos and, surprisingly, on the Texans even with Watson being elusive.

Unless Wentz runs for his life, it's going to be a long day for him.  Honestly, 5 is on the low end, but this week off might have us come out a little slow to start."
70 thousand
""
"As all Steelers fans know, as soon as a backup qb subs in for another team, they start lighting our defense up.(ex. Hoyer with colts, Driskel with Broncos)
Could this maybe be because tomlin and butler gameplan well against the starting qb, so when the backup comes in, we aren’t prepared for them, or do you think it is something else?"
"> Could this maybe be because tomlin and butler gameplan well against the starting qb, so when the backup comes in, we aren’t prepared for them

Yes. All teams have this, it's a well known thing. You can't game plan for someone who you have no tape on, etc.

Beyond that, the opposing team completely changes their offense in most cases since the backup can't run the starter caliber offense and has different strengths and weaknesses - and you aren't prepared for that either."
"Game planning plays a huge role.  I also think that backups tend to go into it with a “nothing to lose” mindset and make some unexpected big plays.  After a few weeks, you’ll typically start to see why they don’t start ie. Duck and Rudolph last year."
Yeah. It's how Mason Rudolph almost beat the Seahawks last season and Duck came in and would've likely beat the Ravens in week 5 if not for the Juju fumble. What matters is we won against both of those QBs tho.
"This is not a Steelers phenomenon it is a league wide phenomenon. The game planning is the biggest factor as others have said. Even ""similar"" QBs will have different types of plays they're good at or different defensive looks they're good at identifying, then imagine going from a pocket QB to a guy who can run a bit. Much easier for the offense to adjust than the defense. 

But also the tropes of bringing in a backup QB midgame to 'inject some life into the offense' have some truth to them. Imagine being a backup QB and getting your name called in the 3rd quarter. You're thinking ""this is the moment I've been waiting for for weeks/months/years"" and your adrenaline is going to spike. That energy is going to translate to the offense. 

We saw this happen last year when Ben went down Rudolph led a couple scoring drives against the Seahawks. When Rudolph went down Duck led a scoring drive against the Ravens. When we benched Duck Rudolph led a scoring drive against the Jets. Last night the Pats benched Hoyer and Stidham led a scoring drive vs the Chiefs. Last week the Bears benched Trubisky and went on a tear to win the game, only for Foles to fall on his face when he played a team that got to gameplan for him."
""
Thanks Titans. Good luck Week 7 cause you're all gonna fucking need it.
Tomlin has disciplined this team very well
"Bud Dupree talking via zoom said right now all he does is go to practice, go home and sometimes to the grocery store in an effort to stay safe and keep his teammates safe.

***

posted by [@Teresa_Varley](https://twitter.com/Teresa_Varley)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I'm gonna miss him next year. He seems like a genuinely awesome guy. Hope he makes a stupid amount of money on an NFC team.
I can't wait to body these titans week 7. Ruined our mid season bye.
"Well, Titans players in response are going out on the town kissing everyone and everything and because it's Tennessee they're probably licking every door knob they can find too."
Bud trying everything he can to make me root for him and TJ to be  this generations Lloyd and Greene.
"""Occasionally laid up at yo girl's house, whatcha gonna do?"""
"Is this not what everyone is doing? 

*Goes down to Massachusetts*

Fucking circus-churches, parks, every walking path and sidewalk, restaurants full to the brim, I don’t even like driving with my window down.


Why am I not surprised Mr. gregarious Newton got the rona?


Edit: point is there are so many people socializing or lolly gagging in popular cities you can’t even drive your car and be properly distanced because everyone stopped caring."
[deleted]
""
""
Good stuff.
this is really cool!!
[removed]
""
[removed]
""
A bit disappointed by the box design.  Would think they could come up with something better.  It doesn't make me want to eat the contents inside whatsoever with JuJu thrusting his nuts in my face.
""
Honestly considering they beat our two arch-rivals in the playoffs last year I’d say it evens out
Lmfao
"Alright, c'mon guys. It was funny ragging on them a bit, but it's not like they woke up one morning and went ""Imma go get the Covid"".

EDIT: I missed that the NFL has ruled it a protocol violation, carry on."
\#FestyTits
Im confused to why the patriots still played
It doesn’t help that everyone in our division won on Sunday either.
"TITANS FAN INCOMING! I know it feels that way to all, but no team wins when there is no football to be played. I’m just kicking my feet on the swing waiting to Titan the Fuck Up on my week 4 Bye. Not cool man lol."
"Having no football to look forward to while the rest of the NFL was frolicking was tough, but now we're finally back and ready to make Carson Wentz miserable on Sunday. With the Browns game the week after this is another lower tier team that we need to clean up, because the AFCN isn't slowing down either unfortunately."
Hopefully that's the positive now. Steelers football every week till the run to the Superbowl!
I have to imagine our D line can barely contain their excitement at the threadbare patchwork quilt that is the Philly o line.
"With how bad the Philly o-line is, we should beat the breaks off of Wentz"
"The Browns are making some plays and it's their super bowl when they play the Steelers. I loved seeing the Browns beat the cokeboys. I'd like to see the Browns become more competitive and let the bungles be the doormat of the division forevermore.

Eagles are usually a pain in the butt for the Steelers. I can't explain it."
It's going to be advantageous I imagine to have a week to see how the Browns offense functions with the absence of Chub. Not saying D'Ernest Johnson won't be a problem as he chuncked the cowboys pretty good on Sunday; but I'd much rather go against him than the Chunt combo. Hoping to also see this secondary come together and create good communication this week. We will need it after seeing OBJ's performance on Sunday. I'm not looking past This Eagles team that's riding a pretty great high from the 49IRS; I'm just hoping this Steelers team can clean up holes they've had in previous weeks and showcase it.
"When you consider that this team starts slow in September usually...I'd be a bit worried if I was the rest of the league. You can't sleep on the Steelers or you get what the Steelers used to do against weaker opponents. 

I hope the rest hasn't made them rusty at all. Can't come out in the 1st quarter asleep."
I am horrified of this week. This game stinks of a trap game.
"We need to start hot, so it forces wentz to drop back. Then we can torture him... 


Completely remove their run game"
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser-known players you think will have an impact.

If you are a fan of the opposing team, feel free to add in your two cents about the same topics above and/or ask us about the Steelers."
Last week felt so long after we didn’t have a game. Feels good to be back and I’ve been waiting on this thread
"I think this is going to be the game that proves to me that we are no longer the Steelers of the past 5 years. I think in the past this is a game the Steelers don’t show up for and lose against a middling to poor NFC opponent. I was looking forward for the test playing against a good team like the Titans, but I really want to see us win this game handily on Sunday. Our defense is the best in the league, but I want to see our offense take the next step so bad. But as I’ve said to my friends, I think if we score 25-28 points per game this season we go like at least 13-3, so the offense doesn’t have to be spectacular."
This could be a potential Super Bowl preview.
"how has your offensive line been? the Eagles biggest strength so far has been their front four, and more specifically, their ability to rotate quality players with fresh legs in at the end of games. i believe we lead the league in sacks (albeit 13 of those sacks coming against the bengals and the 9ers)."
[removed]
"I think the most interesting matchup is going to be in the trenches. We both have solid D-Lines but, and correct me if I'm wrong, the Steelers O-Line doesn't seem as solid as the Eagles'."
"Hey Steeler country!  Eagles fan here!  Looking forward to a hard hitting, competitive game.  Definitely gonna see lots of good defense and who the hell am I kidding we’re gonna get smoked."
"TJ Watt is going to win DPOW after this game, the tackle is going to be a turnstile"
"I am ready to feast on the Eagles O line, I think this should be a solid win if they start on the right foot."
"Our D lines have the most (Eagles) and 2nd most (Steelers) QB hits. Bless the knees, Carson and Ben gonna get hit"
"Is Chase Claypool ready to break out? Going up against either Maddox (small) or Mills (slow), this may be a game where he plays a big role and puts up big numbers. Juju should get mostly erased by Slay, but beyond that you guys should do fine. Our Linebackers are horrific,  our D-Line is pretty damn good and safeties are 🤷🏼‍♂️
Offense.... let’s just say I’ll be starting the Steelers D in fantasy this week."
"I actually think this may be a close game. I can see the Eagles being VERY hungry after a confidence booster in beating the 49ers. The Steelers are going to be well rested, but who knows if they play down to their opponents yet again. We shall see. In any case, looking forward to another edition of the Battle of PA!"
Why is this thread in contest mode again? Makes this way less functional
"How are your TEs? The Eagles LB core is not very strong, and TEs are very powerful against teams with no LBs, especially those TEs who are big, as they can match up easily with corners."
"How are the steelers going to handle upcoming tickets? Comparing this to what the eagles do. Anyone get any info as a ticketholder? 


I can’t imagine want to pay thousands to watch a bad eagles team lose in a mostly empty stadium but I am curious how both our cities and teams will handle this inside PA guidelines"
"What weaknesses, either offensively or defensively, do you feel the eagles should try to exploit? 

For the Steelers, offensively, I would test those Eagles LBs all damn day.

Defensively, bring the heat on Carson. Our OL has been playing better than expected considering all the injuries, but they are young and inexperienced."
"You guys are probably getting 10 sacks, I'm starting your D in fantasy lol"
Where do yall think the Eagles can exploit the Steelers
""
I fear that botched call was the symbolic passing of the torch from one NFL evil empire to the next.
Jesse James caught that ball BTW
"I just wanted to remind everyone, in light of these trying times we are living in, that Jesse James caught that football. Thank you for your time."
"The best part was watching pats fans meltdown about how Mahomes is the NFL’s golden boy and that he gets so many calls it’s unfair, yet they just spend the last almost two decades being the benefactor of having the golden boy."
Watching Patriots fans meltdown in the game thread was quite delicious!
"I mean, i can feel them. That was a shit call that changed the entire game. We should expect better from the refs and from the NHL. That being said, I feel absolutely no sympathy for the fans of the team that told us all BuT ThAtS ThE RuLe. Jesse litterally caught that ball FACING THE THROW AND WAS ABLE TO TAKE A STEP, TURN IT UP FIELD AND STRETCH IT UPFIELD. They changed the stupid fucking rule because of it. It changed the ENTIRE outlook of the playoffs. Yet we were called crybabies and told to deal with it. Fuck them and their childish fucking fanbase couldnt have happened to a better team."
I wish them decades of misery.
[Fans of literally every other team in the NFL watching the game last night](https://i.imgur.com/cOj4Jw8.jpg)
[Memba when a forward progress negated a turnover for the steelers?](https://steelersdepot.com/2017/11/tomlin-explains-challenged-unchallengeable-forward-progress-play/) I memba.
r/vredditdownloader
[deleted]
"He was from Pittsburgh and wanted to play here, alot of people wanted him in the team. I rember he went on rich eisien shiw and he said they never contacted him lol. He wanted to play he would live at his moms and wasnt too far from staduim. He said he wrote to teams that didnt cintact asking then why lol. Was it because we had heyward etcm and didnt need him. Even though he was a pittsburgh kid. Or they didnt see anything in him.You think steelers would be interested in him. Since we love michigan players and he was a michag player and kid was from from Pittsburgh and wanted to play for steelers."
"I'm sure we would have taken him with our second 3rd rounder in 2019 if he was still available - it wasn't an area of need really, but we've usually gone BPA through drafts.  However, if you remember 2019 was the year we traded our 1st and 2nd round picks to move up and select Devin Bush, so we didn't have a pick until the 3rd, which we used to draft an impact WR and replace MBC.

Also, a lot of draft analysts had Winovich going at the end of the 1st round, so the industry was obviously a lot higher on him than NFL scouts."
"I don't know that they weren't interested in him, but when they traded up for Devin Bush, it kind of took Winovich off the table. There were plenty of rumors that the Steelers liked him, although that may have been smoke screens to cover for their interest in Bush.

The Steelers had a lot of needs going into that year that were ahead of EDGE - ILB, CB, Safety, X-Receiver, etc. and the only chance they had to take Winovich was at the Johnson slot.... if he had fallen a half dozen picks more to the spot where they took Layne that would have been interesting."
He’s a bit of a tool anyway
[deleted]
""
"The ""being forced to take your lunch break 20 minutes after clocking in"" is a great analogy for the week 4 bye.  Having said that, Tomlin doesn't care.  He's like the honey badger."
"One of the best Pittsburgh Dads in recent memory, worth the watch"
Holy shit I remember when the Simpsons moved to Thursday.
""
[removed]
If the Steelers allow it I assume those 7500 seats will be offered to long-time season ticket holders.
*heinz
""
"Meanwhile, Green Bay just put a hold on holding fans lol"
Hot my email this morning. I'll be putting in for both games.
If there are any season ticket holders willing to sell their tickets it’s always been a dream of mine to take my dad (an eagles fan) to a game
"**FANS ARE ALLOWED BACK**

Due to how little seats we have it's basically going to season ticket holders so the rest of you can stay at home

LOL"
Crazy times man
Why even bother
Talk about luxury.
""
I know :( I figured if you put all three Watts on the field they turn into ExodiWatt and become that custom Madden player you made when you were a kid who was 7 feet tall with all 99 stats
Exactly what I thought when I heard the news.
"I thought that was Steeler fans realizing we couldn't put JJ's contract on the roster even if they left him in a basket on our doorstep, along with a note begging us to give him a good home."
"Watt-Watt-Watt coming for your QBs butt-butt-butt

Edit. Shit, didnt think this through. Derek will change his name to DJ when he puts on 200lb moves to nose tackle."
"Sorry to sound stupid, but why?"
"JJ wants to win though. If Texans can't turn it around he may want to leave and what better place to go than a team who has a top 5 defense (want to say #1, but idk about all around stat wise), a decent offense, and his 2 brothers. There's still hope, but it would be when his contract is up or unless the new coach wants to dump the old guys to clear some cap or get some picks."
JJ is past his prime and only plays about half the year hurt all the time. Why steelers fans want him is beyond me
Hansen brothers!
Achievement collected! MAXIMUM WATTAGE
"JJ has declined drastically. Whens even the last full season he's played? Or close to full season?

Wouldn't even want him... at least not for what he makes. Vet min, come on down. Can play second to Hayward. Otherwise, hard pass."
Don't need him. Especially with signing Cam
"Idk why Steelers fans are so hot on jj watt. He’s a DE in a 3-4 defense, which puts the onus of of sealing the edge and edge rushing on the DE. We run a 4-3 though. Our DEs are inside rushers and run stoppers. Even if he somehow did become fast enough to play OLB, who are you gonna replace him with? Tj and bud have been playing gang busters."
"JJ has missed 32 games over the last 4 seasons. 

Much like Conner, both are great guys, but we need players healthy and on the field, especially during Ben's last few years under center.

To me, the ""cool"" factor of a 7th Lombardi outweighs that of Watt x 3."
[deleted]
"Wow, TJ on one side and JJ on the other would make nearly every QB in the league shart before every snap."
[removed]
https://twitter.com/steelers/status/1313536451456438273?s=21
"5,500 fans."
""
Maybe the early bye was a blessing in disguise. Get Diontae healthy and get Allen more ready to take defensive snaps
"I can’t freaking wait to see diontae’s breakout game. 

It’s coming"
For a fraction of a second I saw Tomlin talking about the availability of Watt and my mind went to TJ and Covid and my heart  went to OMG OMG OMG.
[deleted]
"""What do you mean out of a concussion?"" - Dr Nigerian Will Smith"
""
Wheeee!  Let's break up the undefeated team!
We need to figure out who we would replace him with before we talk about trading.  Not to mention we will also be looking for replacements for bud and alualu this off season too.
Nothing bc the Steelers wouldn’t mess with a defense like this. That would be stupid
Lol he’s due $9 million salary next two years.  His cap hits 15 but that’s due to dead money from restructuring.  So we would barely save any money while trading away a stud.
"Lol this scumbag is karma hunting, check his post history."
""
"I love wearing my Pens jersey around Philly just to piss everyone off.  But I really hope we win this week.  Had amazing seats the last time we played in Philly, surrounded by Eagles season ticket holders, and getting blown out like we did was so frustrating.  Would really like the boys to return the favor, knock them down to 1-3-1 so I can just smirk at everyone in the office on Monday."
In the same boat. Though I’ve never had anyone give me shit for wearing Steelers stuff. It’s the Penguins stuff that’s dangerous.
"""Bad things happen in Philadelphia"""
I used to live in Manayunk across from Pitchers Pub. We would hang a giant banner of the opposing team (that was playing the Eagles) each week just to piss off Eagles fans. They're stupid.
I would normally think the same but the Eagles are horrible and so are their fans. The fans have given up already.
Bro I live in Baltimore I feel you
"Me being in Philadelphia this week\*  


FTFY"
I'd start the drive to Pittsburgh early if I were you... eagles fans are not people to mess with when they're angry and drunk...
miss those gameday gatherings that used to be held weekly at the Plymouth Meeting Dave & Busters. Typically got over a hundred steelers fans in a rented out ballroom with tons of projectors of the game and all the food and beer you could want. those were the days
On the incline
I’ve got my giant Steelers flag flying in Delaware County...and several Nest Security cameras
I taught my kids early to hate Philadelphia because their fans throw snowballs at Santa.
Philly is one of the dirtiest cities on Earth.
"My Uncle passed away a week ago. He was a fucking huge Steelers fan and made me hate you guys. 😂

He has the steelers tatted on his body, gets a tattoo for each year yall win the superbowl, has about 20 jerseys and shirts, and conformed a lot of the family, and my brother into Steelers fans. 

At his visitation this weekend, yall wouldve loved it. Half the family was in steelers gear and custom JB jerseys. Even me(it burned my skin)

Im an Eagles fan coming in peace mostly just for an excuse to talk about it 😂 Hopefully its an entertaining game and you guys don't hurt poor Carson behind that OLine missing 4ish starters 😂 I used to always hate the Steelers, but now its all love. 

Good luck guys! Drink a beer for my uncle steelers faithful."
Sorry for your loss. Just remember we were teammates once. STEAGLES FOREVER!
"RIP Your Uncle.  Halfway through that beer already.

Sorry for your loss.  And for Carson Wentz."
"Condolences!

It’s going to be a long day for Wentz."
"I’m a Steelers fan married to an Eagles fan and living in Philly, I feel you on the emotional complexity in this. The nice thing is we’re in different conferences and don’t play that often so the hatred rarely has a chance to get too hot.

Edit: and I should add we hate a lot of the same teams, like the Cowboys and Patriots."
Trash talk thread is stickied at the top of the sub if youre looking to get that out of your system
"Here's to your Uncle, you, your family and the Steelers.  <*salutes with a glass of Gentleman's Jack>*"
RIP unk
"We are Philadelphia brothers! (And, y'know, one of our two teams has to make the playoffs :P) Go Steagles!"
Sorry to hear about your Uncle
"Sorry for your loss. It sounds like you two had a good relationship.

Maybe the Steelers can do your Uncle a solid this weekend and win one for him."
On the field is one thing. Family is something else. Sorry for your loss. Condolences to you and your family
"My condolences, man. Next beer is for your uncle.
Feel free to drop by our sub anytime you want to trash talk the Pats or Cowboys together."
"Couple things....

1. We will say that the Steelers honored his fandom by taking the week off.

2. Respect. May the better team win, and both be free of injuries."
RIP to your uncle. Sorry for your loss... I almost am going to feel bad when the Steelers win on Sunday.
"That sucks man. Sorry for your loss. My dads best friend was an Eagals fan, he also died. Luckily, it was after the Eagles-Pats super bowl, so it was kind of an homage to him because he wasn't doing so well in the hospital those days. So now my family is honorary Eagles fans and root for them when we can. Thank you for having love for the team.

&#x200B;

We don't make any promises on your QB tho..."
THE BATTLE OF PENNSYLTUCKY
sorry for the loss of your uncle
"RIP to your Uncle, and in good spirits. I hope we clip ya wings ya lousy bums."
"Sorry for your loss mate

YOUR LOSS THIS WEEKEND

But mostly for your loss of your uncle :("
I’m glad he left you with a piece of him.  Good luck this weekend and sorry for your loss
"Sorry for your Uncle.  It seems like he had a great life having spent it with a very classy nephew.

Thank you to the Eagles for making Brady cry."
Cracking open a drink right now. This one’s for your kickass uncle
So sorry for your loss 😟
"Sorry to hear about your uncle, OP. One Yards coming up in his honor. Cheers"
Condolences on the passing of your uncle. Go Steagles. (But go Steelers)
This weekend we will all raise a glass for your uncle.
"Here’s to your Uncle 🍺,let’s hope for a good clean game."
Will drink a case of IC Light this weekend in your uncles's honor
Your team sucks man.   —- Love your Uncle.   May he Rest In Peace.
"Sorry for your loss, PA bro.  You guys always give us fits so I expect a gut punch on Sunday.  Cheers!"
"Here, we'll be your uncles and talk shit with you this week and for many to come."
"I know how you feel, my best friend was a cowboys fan and I used to love rubbing it in his face when the steelers would stomp them. My other cowboy fan friend's wife died so I can't make fun of him, my ex-brother in law's wife died in a car crash so no mocking the cowboys to him so I am relegated to mocking my best friend's widow who loves the Panthers and the Cowboys. Still fun though."
Steagles. Much respect to your Uncle. I'll raise my towel in his honor.
"I'm so sorry for your loss! Thanks for stopping by to share your story. 

I'm from Philly, and currently live several miles outside of it. Growing up I lived with just my mom, who is from Pittsburgh, and I quickly became a Steelers fan. My husband is an Eagles fan, as are all of my in-laws and my dad's side of the family.  I've become very good at cheering the Eagles on while secretly hoping they lose spectacularly.  

I've tried so many times over the years to like the Eagles, but I just...really don't like them. I've been to one Eagles game and caught the worst cold of my life soon afterwards. It ain't meant to be."
I smell some love for us ...actually hehe enjoy the match and I will drink some wine (I’m Italian lol) in your uncle honor my friend
"Ordered some Eastern PA beer for the game. I shall toast him on game day. 

And wish Carson a speedy recovery on Monday"
"Played renegade on 11 for a the fallen brother. 
May his ic light stay cold and pirogis always warm."
"My dad’s side of his family are all huge Eagles fans. I was worried that my grandpa wouldn’t live long enough to see them win it all. When they played the Pats in the Super Bowl, I traveled across the state on Super Bowl Sunday to watch the game with him. One of the best football watching experience of my life. Thank god for Nick Foles."
Sorry for your loss man. Sounds very sad but I’m glad you are(atleast seem to be) doing better. Cheers to your uncle and cheers to a good injury free game!
"It's a shame Steelers and Eagles aren't in the same division.  I'm a little sick of playing teams that don't matter like cinci and cleveland. Playing Philly 2x a year would be far more interesting.

Though we will certainly take the 3-4 free wins a year playing ohio teams."
Don’t worry we’ll win this one for him. 💪🏻
"> Good luck guys! Drink a beer for my uncle steelers faithful.  

There will be beers drank in your uncles name!  I hope we get a W for him to."
:( sorry man. Thanks for sharing the memory.
"RIP to your uncle, you should get a steelers tat in his memory after we win the Superbowl this year"
I'm happy to shit talk your stinking garbage nfc east bullshit team in his place if you want. Go throw a battery at Santa you filth. Wuter.
"Thank yall for all the love. 

Also. Sorry to my women steelers fans!!! Just realized how shitty it is I said gentlemen only. Yall have been too kind. I'll have to post a picture of the man when I find a good one of his tattoos."
Gentlemen*
"What do you think about trey lance do you think he can be the hier to big ben.

 He still needs to develop as a passer but can sit behind ben for a year. Him and matt canada as oc could be the future."
"would be nice, but i doubt we'll be able to get him with the 32nd pick"
"Trey Lance is going to be one of the top QB’s in the 2021 draft and is expected to go about in the top 10, so I wouldn’t get my hopes up if I were you."
"Oh snap! We are starting with the ""Should we, could we, can we's"" EXTRA early this season lmao"
When was the last time a QB drafted as a sophomore did anything at the NFL level? And does he even fit the Steelers offensive system? I’ll pass
"This draft will likely be more unpredictable than the one that just happened. 

All I can say for sure is that I would like a Trevor Lawrence, Justin Fields, or Trey Lance. I cannot say we can realistically expect *anything*. 

Not to mention that teams either have QBs at the end of their career (Brees, Matt Ryan, Brady, Rivers, Big Ben, etc), QBs that are good but not great (Minshew, Bridgewater, Goff, Carr, Tannenhill, Cousins, etc.), or their organization is likely to look for a change to see if something sticks (Darnold, whoever Denver’s QB is, Trubisky/ Foles, Jones, Haskins, etc.). 

I can see more than half the league having a reason to take a QB this coming draft. Some less plausible than others, but still a non-zero chance. 

**TLDR**: I doubt we even get a chance to"
"Is there literally ANYONE in the world you people don't think this team should be pursuing?  You're like my kids at the grocery store.

Fine.  I'll bite.  What do you know about him that I can't learn from looking at his stat sheet?"
Would love to get him but can't see him falling that far
Sure let's begin tanking! /s
"Stop it. Ben will be our QB until the wheels fall off....and most likely, we will have to suffer a year or three of shitty records in order to find the next Steelers QB.

ANd as far as I am concerned(which amounts to a thimble full of spit), Ben has earned that designation."
honestly i hope we can snag Darnold for a 2nd or something when Jets take TLaw
"I'd love the pick, but God-willing he's going to be long gone before the Steelers get to the podium."
Finna need 31 teams to sleep on him before we can pick him
Finna need 31 teams to sleep on him before we can pick him
"He's likely going to be a top 5 pick, with some experts saying he will challenge Lawrence as QB1 in the draft. There's no way he falls to us, so it really isn't even worth discussing."
I could see Pittsburgh taking him but it would need more than likely a Devin Bush draft pick move
""
My high ass thought that when he said “Who’s your favorite bud” I was thinking they were talking about weed.
Shout out to god
"Bud is actually a really funny guy, so I was surprised to see that he’s a terrible on screen personality/interviewer

This definitely makes me miss ABs “what it is” segment though, it was always hilarious"
"Bud Dupree might be the worst interviewer I’ve ever heard. He’ll get halfway through a question then change it. 😆😆

Having said that I did watch this entire video"
""
Why do you expect that shithole company to know what they’re doing
Chase looks like a Jersey Shore version of himself
Where’d my man’s eyebrows go? 👀
That looks more like mahomes
Only madden player i like is trace mcsorely
"screencapped from his latest youtube video

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FFdwbrwaqo

he's a pretty funny dude"
"Ahh, chase claypool... often confused with renowned NFL star Hingle McCringleberry"
"Switch him to TE, it’s dope"
Diontae Johnson is also poorly done in this game *sigh*
"EA with the Pam meme response ""it's the same picture""."
"All rookies and c and below players look awful. Most superstars look amazing, and then notable players usually too. Unfortunately some stats are left out, just looking like rando models, but they took their time with many studs. That game is scary with how good players look. Devin Bush, Minkah, Conner look amazing. And DeCastro, Watt, Tuit, Cam, Pouncy, JuJu, Enron, Haden, Bince, Snell, Terrell, Ben all look good with scans for sure 
Other players that look spot on around the league are Shaquem Griffen, David Njoke, , Levante David, Mahomes, Kahlil Mack, Amari Cooper, Tua (i traded for him in madden franchise once Ben retired lol), etc etc.

EA scans faces, once they do the player usually looks darn near perfect.
Diontae and Chase, for example, either never got scanned or go need to rescan because the other WR and RB like Snell, Conner, and JuJu look nice!"
this is bad but its honestly not as bad as I've seen others.. I'm expecting them to be able to support at least face scans off their roster photos with the PS5/Xbox Series S but who knows. They put in close to zero effort with things like this.
Yeah this is Hingle McCringleberry. Not Mapletron... change my mind lol
""
"It’s like that pic of the kid with veins popping out of his forehead and “when you haven’t badmouthed the Steelers in 5 min.”

It’s not even the anniversary of it or anything, just a total “shit on Steelers” post."
Honestly people on this sub blinded by bias on this one i think this isnt blatant either way but i think for sure it was intentional
"1. He was already standing there, so the notion that he “ran over” to disrupt the play is not true. 

2. He also could have definitely got out of the way much quicker. Whether it was just a brain fart or something else is up for debate. 

3. Whether it was intentional or not really doesn’t matter. It should have been a 15 yard penalty either way, but the fact that people were calling for any supplemental discipline was extreme."
"So this is the first time I've seen a thread pop up on /r/nfl about it, and people are still like *furious* about this. Even a couple steelers fans chimed in to say that Mike did this on purpose.

I'm not sure how anyone could look at that in real time and assume it was anything other than an accident. Is it common opinion that Tomlin did this on purpose? People really think Tomlin thought ""Oh fuck yeah, I'm gonna trip him""?

I'm always open to changing my opinion, and I just don't see any part of this that wasn't just a stupid mistake"
"People still think Tomlin did this on purpose? Jesus Christ. It's more believable that Jacoby fumbled every ball as a steeler on purpose because he was still pissed at that incident. If you're a steelers fan and really think this was incidental stop, you're making us look like idiots."
I was not a fan of the Steelers at that time. I always saw it as intentional. I can see either side now really.
I can't believe how many people think it *wasn't* intentional.
"This sub may as well just be a pro Tomlin/Steelers propaganda outlet. It’s just embarrassing at this point.

He literally smiled after he did it"
How is it not intentional? I don’t even think he ever denied it being on purpose. Silence is basically an admittance of guilt
""
Thats a great one to have!
And its a beaut clark!
"Just wanted to add some additional details, it’s the platinum retired player legacy jersey!"
Did Jerome ever wear block numbers?
A lucky man and an awesome jersey.  Wear it with pride!
The Bus is a great jersey. Your wife is a keeper!
Da 🚍 🚌 🚎 bus
BADASS! The old block numbers and everything. #keeper
Couldnt have done better
Nice one!  Back in like '97 or '98 I had a chance to buy a Bettis jersey or a Kordell Stewart jersey.  I took Kordell.  What a dumbass.
"She did good.  Get the classic jersey of a HOF player.  Don't ever buy the jersey of an upcoming star.  

My #17 Wallace jersey is a perfect example of that."
Just got a 40th bday gift of #43 home Jersey (also my first)
Good choice
I want!!!!!
Awesome!
"The Bus!! My all time favorite Steelers RB. Sorry Le'Veon. 

Bettis was the RB when I first got into the NFL, back in 2001. Steelers went 13-3 that year I believe and lost the AFC championship to the Patriots. I am almost positive that game was one of the Spygate games actually."
"and the best one.  Putting htat jersey on one day in L.A., I was given a better table at breakfast with a small discount, and high fived, fist bumped and cheered by every type of person and in every walk of life you could think of.   Jarome Bettis is a class act, and when you put in his jersey you see how much people think of him.  It's really humbling and cool."
"I just had the biggest brain fart 
I have a franco Harris Jersey I could be your full back
Franco had rocky blyer"
Nice! My only really nice jersey is a white away Ward. I love it.
Block # too! Peak Bettis.
I have this jersey! Bought it from the Pittsburgh mills mall! Bettus is the best. Wish he was still around.
"That’s a great one to have as it’ll never go out of style. Aside from Roethlisberger, you really can’t guarantee any current player will remain on the team in years to come and then your $150 jersey can be found in the $10 bargain bin."
"I wish the new jerseys (that the Steelers wear) were block numbers. 

I wish the new jerseys (that we buy as fans to wear) fit better like the old ones. My current jerseys make it hard to lift my arms up the sleeves are so tight."
it's a great jersey i have a black bettis Jersey
""
Wasn't that just a few weeks ago?
I distinctly remember a few comments here wanting us to sign Matt Patricia a few years back. That one is so much worse
"The ""fire Tomlin"" crowd usually looks pretty foolish in retrospect.  They live play to play and series to series."
">~~Man, remember when~~ a bunch of Steelers fans want~~ed~~ to fire Mike Tomlin ~~and replace him with Mike McCarthy~~? Doesn't that sound idiotic?

Could be said at any time."
"It sounded idiotic then, too."
It's almost like the average fan is actually an idiot and the front office of one of the NFL's most consistently successful teams might just know more about how to build a football team than they do
"seems weird to even want to trade a HC with 1 SB for a different HC with one SB, but alright"
"By “remember when”, you mean “right now”, on Facebook, right? That place is terrible."
It sounded idiotic *then*. Now it just sounds straight up asinine.
"Yeah, but Tomlin totally didn't have control of the locker room this past weekend."
I love Western PA but unfortunately we all know some of our neighbors are never going to be happy with a head coach who looks like Coach Tomlin regardless of his record.
"I use to be fairly active in the Steelers Facebook community and there have been a big group of fire Tomlin people there for years now. I will say, there's a lot more level headed people in the Reddit community. From my experience at least."
It sounded equally idiotic then.  Anyone who couldn’t see it was woefully short sighted or guided completely by emotions.
It always sounded idiotic
"It sounded idiotic then, too"
"Never heard these discussions, but whoever said it- you are a dumbass"
Same people who said the Steelers should start Batch even when Ben was healthy.
"Well, no one has ever accused the yinzers of being bright...crazy and loyal, yes...but not bright"
Who ever said that?  I just cried for years to get rid of Todd Haley.
Love Tomlin. I’ve always defended him and will be glad that he’ll retire with us (in infinity years cause I don’t want him to leave)
"Just wait for one bad half of football, and they’ll be prominently vocal."
"Those weren’t Steelers fans. Those were haters posing as Steelers fan. No real Steelers fan is going to want to fire a coach that led us to the best record in football in the 2010s outside of the patriots, never had a losing season, and got us to 2 Super Bowls and 6 division titles. I mean he’s been with the same team for 13 years and has NEVER had a losing record. Are they 5 coaches in the history of the league that can boast that stat?"
It sounded idiotic then.
The good thing is Rooney isn't Jones. And thank the football gods he aint
"I love Tomlin, but someone please take away his challenge flag."
"I'm a fan of Tomlin and think he's a great coach, but c'mon, it's three games into the season and we've played nobody yet.

Tomlin has issues and people pretending he doesn't are just being willfully ignorant.  Steelers fans tend to either love or hate their teams, very few are objective and willing to see both the good and bad of situations in an unbiased way.  I think the thing that bugs me the most are the big game gaffes that hurt the team's chances when they matter the most, like killing clock to score a TD with only seconds left, or MANY instances where the challenge flag shouldn't have been thrown, or the losing his locker room at times, or the overlooking this week's opponents, or the decisions to go for it on 4th when two scores are needed and time is running out.  Tomlin's been fortunate in that he's coached a great team under great owners/staff and he's been very lucky in that regard."
I never wanted McCarthy but I do think Tomlin tightened it up the past two seasons. In 2018 and the few years prior he seemed to be much more passive and on the verge of losing the locker room. Last year and this year he has been on point and rock solid.
"I actually give Art Rooney II a lot of credit.  He was under a lot of pressure to make a change, but he instead made Tomlin get a bunch of staff help and it's showing up on the field with more sophisticated schemes and better preparedness.  No one ever really questioned Tomlin's club house chops although he started to go a bit soft during the AB/Lev Bell days, but he was indeed getting badly outcoached for a couple seasons there.  And I don't think anyone really wanted McCarthy in any serious way.  Steelers always go for the young unknown guy when they do decide to make a change and never pay big $$ for coaching."
"We’ve literally played three winless teams while the Cowboys have played the 3-1 Rams, 4-0 Seahawks, and 3-1 Browns. Comparison isn’t really apples to apples here."
""
Watching field goal practice pre-game.  Keisel jersey on....he came by and gave it to me.
BK! Fear the beard! Nice yo!
"Is it weird that he gave OP only one shoe, or is that just me?

I can only picture him hobbling away with one shoe on now"
What’s in the crown royal bag?? Dope shoe btw.
Going to be in Colorado Springs for a wedding. Looking to see if there are any Steeler bars where I can be around the black and gold. If you guys have any suggestions please let me know. Thanks.
"I lived in CO for four years... closest I can think of is Jackson's Hole across from Coor's Field in Denver. I know that's not much help. But if you get a chance to check it out, do. The owner has an entire section in the back of the bar reserved for Steeler fans. Game is projected huge on a wall. Food there is amazing. Get the breakfast nachos (tater tots with cheese, salsa, and sour cream). Bloody Marys are great there too!"
"I don’t drink so I’m not super familiar with the bars, but i am from springs. My understanding is that the Dublin House up north off Academy is a Steelers bar as well as the Triple Nickel on the east side of downtown. We have a pretty big following out here so you have a chance to be in some decent company regardless of where you go. Good luck my brother"
It was a 20-30 minute Uber outside of Denver but The Rusty Bucket Bar and Grill was packed with Steelers faithful. It was unfortunately the game where they laid an absolute egg against the Mike Glennon lead Bears but a good time nonetheless.
"In Springs, The Dublin House"
"I used to live pretty far from the Springs so sorry. 
But. The Rusty Bucket in Littleton was always a go for with the gang for Game Days."
"Benders up in Westminster. But that's over an hour, always a good time."
I live in the Springs and know that the triple nickel is one. People say Dublin House but I havent ever been there. Been to the Triple Nickle quite a few times. It's a downtown dive but you get yinzers there.
"From my travels, the answer is usually yes, but I'm not sure about Colorado Springs. But, statistically, I think there's probably at least 1."
"How is Mike Tomlin off a bye？I really liked the Steelers to start the season and thinking about using them in Eliminator Pools. 

I know Philly just beat SF but maybe the Niners aren't that good. They only beat the 2 NY dumpster fires."
Be humble this week guys. We getting into trap territory. Play good and lets get the W
It does feel like the classic Steelers “We’re almost too well suited to beat this team so we’ll probably play down to them and either lose or play a miserable game and win on a last second field goal” type game
"There was no extra week to prepare. The Titans game wasn’t moved to week 7 until Friday which means that the team was prepping for Tennessee until then. At most, they have two extra days which is closer to replicating a Thursday night game schedule (obviously minus the actual game)."
"I am fully prepared for Hurts to come in and inexplicably put up 4 TDs and everyone to declare the Wentz era over, only for him to look like shit for the next four games. I can just feel it."
Going off the books there are 6 games with larger money line discrepancies than the Pittsburgh game week. So mathematically you're better off picking one of those.
"Like I said in another comment, last week was not treated like a regular bye week. The team practiced like they had a game to play all the way up until Thursday and they've only gotten a few extra days to prepare for philly not a full week like a normal bye week. I don't think we will see a blow out type game, it will likely be a close game that alot of Steelers fans will bitch about the play calling etc. but ultimately I do think the Steeler will win."
"49ers were without Garop, Bosa, Thomas, and Sherman. But Eagles definitely have their backs to the corner which you never really want to go against."
"Whenever we have time, a bye, and the advantage it’s usually time for us fans to close our eyes and pray we win."
"*Man, I’ve had a long day and I hate the fuckin’ Eagles*"
"They didn't have an extra week to prepare. They were preparing for Tennessee until Thursday morning. Then they sent everyone home because they were required by the CBA to have 4 consecutive days off in order for the week to count as a bye. 

So, yes, I believe they will take a dump on Philly. But not because they had an extra week. Because they're better."
Probably the opposite. Rusty game. We lose.
"no, it will be close"
If anyone watches this team they know that we are usually sloppy off a bye. But the thing is that this wasn’t a normal bye and we pretty much practiced the whole bye week. So I actually think that’ll be an advantage for us.
I think this Steelers team is different form the team a few years ago in the sense that they will not overlook any opponent! I think they will execute and dominate the run game. Steelers win 25-13
"Honestly, we *should* crush this team.  Their offense has been bad, and our defense should stuff them in the pass and run game.  They have a good front 4, so if Ben can get rid of the ball quick and not take many sacks this should be an easy win.

That said, never underestimate the steeler's ability to beat themselves when playing a bad team."
"On paper, this should be a big game for our pass rushers, Ebron, and the recieving corps in general.  But seems kinda like a trap game to me.  Also, we really only got 1 or 2 days of extra practice, because last week we were preparing for Tennessee"
More chances of exactly the opposite happening.
Im sure theres a way to see tomlins record coming off a bye
It's the Steelers...We will win with a late game field goal.
"Is it just me or do I feel like there are loads of shit teams this year that were at least decent last year like the Texans, we will dump on the eagles unless wentz just decides to start being good again I think steelers have a legit chance of going to the super bowl this year if covid doesn't get in the way"
"How has this fanbase not learned yet to never assume we blow out anyone?  Especially Philly, who we have a very shaky history against recently."
"I still feel like our offense is shaky at best, and I'm not sure how they've looked so far this season but Philly has a SCARY group of pass rushers on paper...

Derek Barnett, Brandon Graham, Malik Jackson, Fletcher Cox, and Javon Hargrave."
"Steelers lose when they are most expected to win. This game scares tf out of me, enough that I have Eagles +10 in my bet slip..."
"If they take a dump on Philly it’s because they’re pissed off, not because of the extra week. Look for it to be closer than it should be, again."
There is a chance we play down to the competition and stumble our way to a loss or tie. But I hope not.
"Eagles are 1-2. Seems like a setup for a ""Tomlin Special.""

Steelers also have not yet played a complete game on both sides of the ball. We've seen glimpses but it hasn't yet all come together."
"They have a good D-line and some receivers ,but Carson Wentz really playing bad these past 4 games so yeah. There O-line as well is not good"
The Eagles own the Steelers in head-to-head.
""
"No, not at all what we need next season. OL, OL, OL. CB. ILB."
"I think we’ve hit our critical mass on WRs. Even if Juju walks, OL is a priority."
"Pitts looks dope, BUT

The knock against him is the blocking. It’s the thing that, as Florida fans knew all too well last year, Mullen’s offense as a whole struggled with far too often. Part of that comes back to Pitts. The need for him to provide extra protection instead of doing what he does best — run routes and give Trask a go-to target — could depend on the strides made from the Florida offensive line, which returns 4 starters.

Steelers expect their TEs to block. Just ask Ebron."
"with this name we have to get him, right?"
Not a priority.
""
r/technicallythetruth lol
You really got me there champ
"No, not THAT Jon Gruden"
You scared me
"Ultimately, the players' health matters more than a good bye week and certainly our enjoyment. I think that playing this season without a bubble was already foolish, but forcing the Pats and Chiefs to play because it's a ""big"" game was nothing but malicious. Science clearly said we wouldn't know for sure until over 5 days after the initial case because false negative rates remain high until about a week later, and now because of this game players may suffer severe long term consequences, and the Chiefs franchise might collapse too if Mahomes suffers long term lung damage as Gilmore was all up in his face after the game too."
The NFL is garbage. It’s still the same league that put CTE under the rug. It’s still the same league that fought to keep the families of players who died before 2006 from receiving any part of the 1 billion concussion settlement. There’s no surprise that they are continuing to put money before the health of the players.
"I said the Titans game should have been a forfeit last week and was down-voted in oblivion for it. The NFL Covid situation going forward is going to get worse not better. Some teams will be able to keep it at bay by having players, coaches, and ancillary follow the protocols. That is essentially a discipline and conduct issue. If this season has any hope of being completed teams that have Covid outbreaks will have to start being counted as forfeits. Avoiding Covid is possible. The NHL and NBA made it work. If I had to bet money right now I would say that the Steelers/Titans game was the beginning of the end of this season because the NFL is a weak, undisciplined league starting at the commissioners office and running down through several embarrassingly managed teams."
I can't believe they just postponed a day given how the Titans outbreak has gone. The NFL did not plan to prevent the virus or deal with its inevitabilities because the league is a confederacy of rich assholes who legitimately don't care about the safety and well-being of the players and their families.
"I'm also happy we didn't play

We could be looking at multiple Steelers testing positive if we would have played the game

It should be a forfeit though

Pandemic control is just part of a teams preparation and performance right now.

If you screw it up then you deserve to lose just like any other aspect of the game.

If you have one team who is following protocols in their facility and players are going above and beyond by doing things like having their children learn online to help limit their possible exposure and then you have another team who is doing the stupid shit like Oakland is doing then the one who needs to pay the price is the one who is playing it fast and loose."
But a good bye week is for players health. Just depends on if the Rona is worse than an injury
""
"https://twitter.com/stevelayman/status/1313898340845793282?s=21

Sources confirm to @NC5 that a group of about 15 #Titans  players held a workout at Montgomery Bell Academy last Wednesday, one day after the team’s facility was shut down by eight positive COVID-19 tests.


So now all the people that were mad at us for blaming Tennessee, saying it’s not their fault for a national pandemic... where do we stand?"
"Make an example of them - force a forfeit against the Steelers and the Bills. Shut them down.

Oh and the reshuffle the games back to where they were originally."
"u/thereandfatagain I recall you saying something along the lines of ""being unfathomable fuckwads"" in regards to people in this sub suggesting the titans outbreak likely happened for not following covid protocol. Well...here you go."
"That's enough to piss a guy off right there. Our players going above and beyond to follow protocols, doing MORE than what is expected.... Then you have these chuckle fucks who seemingly want to ruin it for the rest of the league."
"Never forget to remember, fuck the Titans. 

I'm gonna be pissed if the Bills get a free win and we gotta deal with playing team Plague Rat and getting our bye fucked with. 

I know /r/nfl is beating their collective dick to this idea because it's us but this shit is getting ridiculous. Can't wait to read the back pedaling from those saying it isn't like they violated protocols or anything."
Fucking donkeys give us our win then
"the way i see it, Titans should forfeit any games they can't play. same with NE. same with us if it happens."
"*taps the headline and stares -- waiting for the apology he knows will never come*

/s"
"Make these fuckers forfeit the game against us. That is absolute horse shit.

Edit: they locked their sub now and you're not allowed to view it.

Edit2: no they didn't. I'm just an idiot."
"I hate the idea of forfeits in the NFL but also fuck these guys for being assclowns. No idea how the outbreak began but once the outbreak started everyone should have been sent home and told they'd be fined for doing anything non-essential that risks further exposure by the Titans FO and the NFL. Would love to see some punishment handed down to everyone involved in this ""workout""."
Guessing all we'll see is a big fine and maybe a lost draft pick.
can we get their 4th for this? insanity
Forfeit the game and give us their draft pick
fuck titans if nfl doesn’t force them to forfeit and give bye week back to steelers that’s some straight bullshit
We deserve their draft picks for this obscene negligence.
As sad as this is to say. NOTHING will happen. Literally nothing.
"Fine? Yes! Lost draft picks? Maybe. Lost game/lost revenue? Don’t go all crazy here, this is money we’re talking about. Nobody wants to lose money. Game on!"
"I was really liking the Titans with their smash-mouf style of football, but if they do dumb shit like this, I don't like them anymore. Someone please alert the press."
"I’m all for coming down hard on the Titans, but the NFL won’t make retroactive decisions. There has never been a forfeit in league history. They’re not going to issue it twice, to the same team, in one week."
not a great look by the Oilers getting together after the outbreak had started - yinzers on this sub touting this like a smoking gun are ridiculous I mean c'mon now just look at the Raiders and tons of other teams struggling with protocols
"Forfeit, they lose their 1st round pick next year, we get that pick.  Should be pretty cut and dry."
[deleted]
No
Wtf is with you guys and wanting every single QB
no
No
No
"I ... Just ... What ... Didn't we do this yesterday with the Trey Lance question?  

Stop.  Wanting.  Every.  Player.  Ever.

Rodgers took over in Green Bay because Brett Favre kept dicking the team around by not deciding whether he was retiring until after training camp started, not because he had noticably fallen off.  In other words, not because he COULDN'T compete, but because he WOULDN'T.

I don't see Rodgers pulling that bit, and I think GB keeps him as long as he wants to be there and can play.  If not, they let him walk and he decides where he ends up and for what money.  And there isn't a damn thing any individual team can do to influence that decision except start stacking dollars."
Rodgers playing as a top 3 QB > playing Jordan Love just cause you used a 1st rounder on him
""
"Nope, not happening. The NFL loses money by canceling games, and that's more important than player safety and healthcare protocols."
"Now that it's come out that Titans broke protocol and practiced on a private field after the facility was closed, they forfeit any benefit of doubt. It was fair but shitty up to the point where they actively contributed to their team outbreak. They need to take the L."
If the Titans forfeit their Week 5 game with the Bills they should also forfeit Week 4 against the Steelers. That is the only fair course of action.
"Copying my comment from an r/NFL thread:

If they don't forfeit the Steelers game, then the Bills shouldn't get a free win either. Just postpone that game too. I know I sound like a crybaby right now, but in a season that might end up having less than 16 games, EVERY WIN MATTERS. If the Bills get a free win, so do we."
"Agreed, but it won’t happen. We all know how the nfl never does the right thing in these scenarios. Exhibit A being last week and them not nipping this in the bud right away. Exhibit B being them seemingly having zero plan with regards to all this."
"If the Bills end up getting a win from it then the Steelers  can have a good argument. Some people may not like the idea of automatically giving an undefeated team a win or a loss, but if protocols were broken during week 4 and before the game was postponed I domt see why the steelers shouldn't get the free win"
Just a random thought but before the season started I honestly thought the nfl should of done a random blank week or two for everyone plus a bye just so they could flex things around because this was bound to happen eventually. Granted that would of extended the season a good bit but who cares? Safety is more important.
If you think that Tennessee is the only team that will run into this your being naive.  The season is going to have to be extended by at least 2 weeks as I see it if not more.  They should have planned ahead and did a 14 game schedule without bye weeks.
It should be forfeit.  I say that because the Titans negligence has resulted in the Steelers going from week 7 on the road to week 8 bye to week 9 on the road to three away games in a row with no break.  That is a competitive disadvantage introduced in to the Steelers schedule by the negligence of Tennessee.
Did this illegal practice take place this week? or last week?  It doesn't seem to make sense to make the Titans should have to forfeit last weeks game because of something they did this week.  Hate to say it I'm just being unbiassed here.  The initial outbreak has not been proven to be caused by breaking protocol.
Week 4 should have been pushed back.  Give every single team the week off and resume after all the testing is done.  Everyone gets an extra bye and they get about 2 week to get the outbreaks under control. Quarantine players and staff and force teams to play with what they have left.  Play the damn Super Bowl in March.
Eyes on the prize people maybe the season should be scrapped for health reasons lives more important than a game. And I love football!
"Don’t say this on their Sub, I got banned for saying they deserve to take an L lol"
I agree. It sure looks like Tennessee can’t get it’s act together.
"NFL can't retroactively force a team to forfeit so this just can't happen. Wish it would, it would definitely be more fair to the team and the league as a whole, but it is what it is and we just need to embrace the change and be thankful we even have a football season and an undefeated team right now! On to Philly"
"Titans should forfeit week 4, dropping them to 3-1. And the same in week 5 if they don't have their shit together. 3-2.

But the Steelers should still be only 3-0 after a Titan's forfeit. They shouldn't get a win.

Use win % to figure out the standings.

Idk why this is so hard."
""
That salute 😂
Just had to get that Trump dig in there 🙄
"I’m gonna be so pissed if the Titans have to forfeit against Bills and we are the ones that get absolutely fucked and just have to “deal with it”. If we don’t get a forfeit, we have to at least get some draft compensation or something."
The whole situation sucks and shows the NFL did zero planning for this inevitability. Everybody dogpiling on the players and teams is easy but this was going to happen eventually. Are we going to dock the Pats bc Cam spread his covid too? We already know he got too close to multiple ppl in their building. The Titans situation is different in that they had an outbreak and dudes got caught on a practice field outside the team's facility. That's on them and they should get punished accordingly.
u/CaptainFatFuck7 is going to smite all of Tennessee if this happens
"When we win the Super Bowl after having to ""deal with it"", it will be legendary."
"I'm not sure why everyone is taking about forfeits... Just cancel the damn games. So PIT and BUF only play 15 games and you take the winning percentage out of that for the Standings. TEN only has 14 games..

The NFL accepted that possibility when they decided to hold the season..."
"I don't want titans to forfeit. Not to us, and especially not to the bills, a team we will very likely be competing for playoff seeding against."
Unfortunately our game was rescheduled before the NFL instituted forfeits as a possible punishment so I doubt they could retroactively change ours.. Super shitty considering this weeks game isn't gonna happen and it's confirmed they practiced outside the facility on Wed before our game. Looks like the Bills are getting a free W and we're getting the shaft
Don't win super bowls with forfeits. I'm actually hoping the Steelers and Titans play. Should be a good test. Plus my good buddy is a Titans fan
"I doubt the titans will be magically better and allowed to play by week 7, we might end up with a forfeit later"
""
Rivalry aside even I think this shit screwed you immensely
The titans need to lose a first round draft pick. They need to be made an example of to the rest of the league.
"They better give us a forfeit at least.  If they lose a pick, and we don't get a forfeit it really doesn't do us much good."
Forfeiture or I don't care.
"1. Coach and GM fined $1,000,000, team fined $10,000,000. All of it goes to Covid relief in the Nashville area.

2. They forfeit last week, and this week, and are ineligible for postseason play in 2020 and 2021.

3. Lose a first round in 2021 and 2022.

4. All players, coaches, and staff must sign onto a public apology to the entire league and it's fans for fucking up everything in such a monumental way.

5. 3 years of probation. Any violations like this again and all said penalties are doubled. 

If that happens, I'd feel slightly better."
"There won’t be a forfeit, NFL makes $zero on a forfeit. Why cant you seem to understand isnt all about whats best for steelers?"
Anyone know of a good spot in Orlando to catch the Steeler game? Maybe a bar that might have all the games on their own TVs? Maybe there’s a Steeler bar in Orlando??
"When I lived there, there were a couple on Christ street downtown, but also NYPD pizza would show Steelers games. Be safe, nobody in Florida is taking the virus seriously anymore and cases are spiking."
There are no good bars in Florida right now...
"In winter park, there is a bar called Spatz I used to go to to watch the game. It wasn't necessarily a steelers bar, but the bartenders were steelers fans. I miss that place."
""
Whyyyyy
This sub and the obsession with backup QB’s is out of this world
This is just some ironic joke right?
First Aaron Rodgers now Haskins what are we gonna see next Brett Favre out of retirement??
No
"There are so many reasons why not to do it. First of all he doesn’t fit the system. 2nd of all, Washington is fucking his development. 3rd of all, Randy Fichtner couldn’t develop a QB if his life depended on it. Quit with the desperation for once in your goddamn life"
"If we want to take a look at him, it'll be cheaper to just pick him up off the scrap heap after Football Team cuts him.

He wouldn't do us any good this year, anyway.  Whatever else you can say about him, ""He's coming along well in his NFL development,"" isn't among those things.  If he came in today and was immediately instated as the backup, there would be no reason to think he'd be anything more than absolutely terrible at it for the short term.  We don't have to give up a 4th and a 7th for that: we've already got it covered."
He. Is. Bad. At. Professional. Football.
"He sucks, no thank you"
Why?
Conditional 7th maybe.
this happening has the same odds as Andy Luck coming out of retirement and us trading for him after Ben rides off into the sunset this year
"I actually would like to trade for him. Send Rudolph and a 3, maybe?"
""
"Ben Roethlisberger said the Steelers “got the short end of the stick,” regarding the disruption to their schedule and their shortened three-day bye week. He also added he’s just starting to get ramped back up and the postponed game against Tennessee halted progress.

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
"I find myself OK with the browns finally showing some life. Last year, browns fans were planning their parade in March. But they all got smacked back down to reality. This year, they haven’t been quite as vocal."
#GPODAWUND!
"My best friend was a die hard Browns fan. When he died, I adopted them as my second team. Kinda glad to see them finally doing well."
"Bengals Vs. Brownies AFC North Championvid 2020!

Hey, we got f*k'd on the bye week thing, and Brady is retiring to God's Waiting Room this year.  

Strange times indeed."
"Having watched them play, I dont think im ready to call them good yet"
I don't know if beating the Cowboys and Bengals qualifies them as good but okay
""
You know....TJ is one of my favorite players...but his high kick celebration thing? Not a big fan.
""
This made me uncomfortable
WTF is this video
"I don't know.  He took a risk, and it didn't work out for him.  I would gladly be paid a fraction of what he is for being in a shitty situation.  Many of us basically already do.  This guy is being paid a shit ton to sit on a bench if it comes down to it.  Let's be real."
He doesn’t give a shit! If he gave a shit about winning and being a great football player then he would have never have sat out and would still be in Pittsburgh. Which is totally fine! But it’s funny to me that people would think he’s pissed or upset about it in anyway. He doesn’t care he has his money that’s what he was after.
honestly you gotta feel bad for the guy at this point. he royally screwed himself over
"Frank Gore played like absolute shit and will probably not see more than 5 touches next week with Bell healthy.

Frank Gore basically proved how inept that offense is and highlighted how well Bell is really doing with everything working against them."
It would be more accurate if you could photoshop her dancing/crying in a bank.
Bell doesn't give a shit. He's got his dough. Probably going to retire when his fat contract expires and live the good life. Must be nice.
"Why are there so many Bell posts these last two weeks? The man did what he thought he needed to do to make the most money possible for him and his family, let him live his life"
What the fuck is this videos context
Y'all are taking this too seriously. It's a meme
"I still miss Lev.  He was well on his way to being one of the greats.  Imagine him alongside juju, Johnson, Claypool and Ebron.  I can’t think of a team that could match up with them"
2 words Le’Veon. Eat shit
how dare you place the steelers and tik tok in the same post downvoted through and through lol
""
Pretty sweet. We got a signed helmet for our Christmas
Happy birthday king
"sweeeet, happy birthday!"
"You seem to be entirely too sober for your 21st

Just kidding. Happy birthday!"
That’s gunna be hard to wear.
"That is absolutely sick pal! Happy birthday and remember, have a pint of water between every third drink."
Gonna suck when we trade him next year. But happy birthday!
""
The glasses are cleaaan ‼️
Ready for Game time!!!
""
"Johnson is like the epitome of Steelers football. 

At any moment quite literally everything can go wrong for seemingly no reason at all but at the same time at any moment quite literally everything can go for seemingly no reason at all.

My heart still has not adjusted to all this being in a single player."
"And that's with a few bad drops

That McLaurin guy. Gonna have to watch him, probably the only bright spot in that horrible Washington team Keep hearing about him and was coached by Ike Hilliard"
"Highest-graded 2nd year WRs through Wk4:

1. Terry McLaurin - 82.6
2. Diontae Johnson - 74.0
3. D.K. Metcalf - 73.9
4. Marquise Brown - 72.4
5. Hunter Renfrow - 71.1 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eju6_lpXcAIqmUK.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eju6_v-XgAE_hUG.jpg) | [Photo 3](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eju6_5EXkAE8a_L.jpg) | [Photo 4](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eju7ABAWsAM3e0f.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
You forget Limas Sweed...
Hollywood would be a top 5 WR if he was on a team with a QB who airs it out more
[deleted]
"There is evidence that the team didn't follow protocol, and given the number of players who caught it, it isn't unreasonable to think that this most recent evidence wasn't the first time that protocol was broken.  

I think it would be ridiculous for them to forfeit the Bills game but not the Steelers game."
"Call me crazy but if they were disregarding COVID-19 policies while their facility was shut down due to a COVID-19 outbreak something tells me they weren't exactly following COVID0-19 policies to begin with.

Kind of like someone getting hurt on a job site messing around or doing something they weren't supposed or not wearing proper PPE. Likeliness is that wasn't their first time disregarding the rules, it was just the first time they found out why the rules were actually there.

Having said that I get what others are saying about not liking the idea of being handed a win but I'm also not fond of handing the advantage to the Ravens in the division and give them more prep time for us. The Week 8 Bye meant we got to rest after facing them and the next game against them would be in our house. 

Right now we've got the win advantage and I think we can carry that to when we play the Ravens. 

The Titans fucked themselves on this one with meeting like that to train and all that. They fully deserve to have forced forfeits and everything else. Thankfully they started testing positive before we had a chance to step onto the field with them and looks like they are only taking themselves down.

The other teams who are starting to have issues we'll see..."
"Personally I don't really care the scenario, I don't want to be handed a win, particularly considering we're winning the Superbowl this year"
"Getting handed a win from the league because a playoff team was incapacitated does nothing to make the Steelers better. As much as I like free things, getting a win by forfeit will hurt us in the long run."
[deleted]
Absolutely unbelievable that they’re probably gonna get away with screwing us out of our midseason bye week.
"If they don’t forfeit the game, the Titans need to at least forfeit a first or second round draft pick to the Steelers."
"They broke protocol to get into this spot. I'm not going to go over the timeline again but an outside layman can see that.

Signed a dude who tested positive during his mandatory 4 day window  Wasn't supposed to be around team or facilities.

Now everyone has it."
Don’t think it’ll matter in the greater scope of things.  It’s gonna happen to more and more teams until it’s impossible for the season to continue
"I just wanna preface this by saying yeah I know it sucks to lose the week 8 bye and also have the Ravens coming off their bye before the game in Baltimore. But it's also not the end of the world. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger blah blah blah you get it.

Every game not played/televised is lost revenue for the league and that affects everyone. Less revenue means a lower cap next year. And as many of you know the Steelers cap situation next year is a major issue. And to make things worse their list of URFA's is long: Hilton, JuJu, Big Al, Feiler, Sutton, Conner, Banner ect. 

Those games could end up being the difference between JuJu being a Raven or a Patriot next year or staying with the Steelers. Think on that before wishing for a free win. Plus the best revenge against the Titans is to kick their asses straight up on the football field. **Go team**."
"[“The NFL and NFLPA reached an agreement late last week where the 2021 salary cap will have a floor of $175 million. The revenue loss will be spread out the next three years. If revenues are better than expected, the 2021 salary cap could be higher. This year's salary cap will remain at $198.2 million.”](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/agents-take-consequences-of-a-lower-2021-salary-cap-including-the-three-teams-wholl-be-hurt-most/amp/)

The cap isn’t going to be devastated because of lost revenue. It will very likely go down, but it won’t go further than $175m. That’s a sizable chunk potentially gone, but I really don’t think it’ll be backbreaking. Especially if some players like Juju take back-loaded contracts until more revenue comes in. 

In the least, we’re not as fucked as teams like Houston after they gave Watson all that guaranteed money."
"I think some of their players will be suspended, so hopefully they remain suspended against us. 


They'll be fined. Which means fuck all to us 


But. What would be cool, the rescheduled game should be our home game. Have them surrender their home game to us. And the bills, and whoever else along the way 


I can't imagine us getting their picks though. Coz then the bills etc are gonna want picks too, and who gets priority?"
Yeah... that would make sense of the nflpa already agreed to prevent such.
"They practiced after the league told them not to. Fuck them. They should forfeit vs us and the bills. If not, then give us their draft picks. Steelers players are even asking why they didn’t play now. Several players asking I thought that was the purpose of expanded practice squads, to get sick players out."
They should forfeit their next two years of first round picks. 1 to the Steelers and 1 to the Bills
[removed]
""
"We're the better team.  If healthy, we should be expected to win our division.  No need for cutting edge journalistic enterprise ""hottakescoldbeer.com"" to spell it out, so I won't grace their spam with my clickage."
"Win. There, I summed up the article in 1 word."
If we win more games than them I bet we dethrone them as AFC north champs.
"To save yinz a click, it’s 4-sentence blurb that basically just says Steelers defend good, and offense needs to play better.  Also, a gif of Vance’s stiff arm on Conte.  That’s it.  Scorching.

OP is spamming this “NFL article” on various team subs."
NFL article?  I would expect that to be on or affiliated with NFL.com... not some fan site blog looking place.
"The sub wouldn't be the same without fresh yinzer opinions. Voice your unpopular thoughts, hot takes and bold predictions here about anything football related.

Hate an admired player/coach? Love a hated player/coach? Do you actually \*like\* Roger Goodell? Think Jesse didn't catch it? (He did.) Any opinion about the Steelers, the rest of the league, or the game in general are accepted! Throw 'em all here!

Responding to someone's comment to create civil discussion and changing opinions are encouraged. DON'T be a damn jagoff and turn it into a toxic argument.

# - Do NOT downvote others because you don't like their opinion.

# - Downvote/Report content that BREAK THE RULES.

# - This thread is intended to NOT shame others who have different ideas and thoughts that go against the grain of the metas in the sub.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And as always, **DON'T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.**"
"Titans forfeit bills game, not Steelers game. Everyone get pissed but it doesn’t matter because titans test positive all the way to week 10 and forfeit anyway."
"Unpopular opinion: we lose this one because of a lack of momentum from an unexpected bye week along with a rejuvenated Eagles team coming off a win against the 49ers. That and Steelering. 

Bold prediction: ignoring my unpopular opinion the Steelers steamroll with 4 first half TD passes from Ben woo-hoo!"
"With the Eagles suspect secondary and strong defensive front, Ben has to get the ball out quickly. We will see 5 or more 40+ yard passing plays with 2 of them being hauled in by Claypool for 111 yards."
Tyson Alualu scores a defensive touchdown off a sack fumble return in the 2nd quarter
Also can people stop talking about “TRAP GAMES!!” Every single pregame thread or discussion thread turns into a “...but guys is this really a tRaP GAmE?” Thing. Just stop.
I don't want the Titans to forfeit the game to the Steelers. I'd rather see the Steelers bury them week 7
"We witness the awakening of Dionate and Chase this game.

Post game edit: Halfway called it!"
Bold Prediction: Mapletron catches a 69 yard touchdown and swings his dick in celebration.
"Steelers win, totaling 8 sacks."
Steelers Nation Radio needs to stop it with the religious shit and praying and reading bible verses.
"I kinda tuned out of football news since our bye week started and all the crazy shit happened politically recently kept me distracted.

My bold prediction is that Mason Rudolph will be the quarterback for the final few minutes of the game. By that I mean kneeling out the wi because we are up by so much."
"Probably an unpopular opinion, but we need to look into bens future replacement after this season.  We have talented young players on both sides of the ball and it could all go to waste if we wait too long and end up with a mediocre qb."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
The content I needed today
"Hello pandae, love the work even though you're not a Steelers fan"
the little smiley face on the steel beam really makes this drawing
Gritty 😂
"Stunning. Phenomenal. Exactly what this sub, and the world, needed."
Is that gritty?
*I* see what you did there. I'm beaming!
Beautiful
Love these
"Well, you are quite the *artiste!*"
"Should we tell him?  
.

.

.

.

.

.

.

I'm just kidding, there better be  a fucking game this weekend."
Steagles?
"Steel beam you say?

Like a light beam?

\*cue music\*

"" Yeah, smoking out the pound of P  
I got a plan like Master P  
Told her everything ain't what it seems  
Okay, you gotta light on you, a beam  
I'm the king of all her dreams  
Super fresh like Listerine  
Okay, shawty, I got lots of teams ""...

Ok I'll stop."
"Fuck the Flyers, Fuck the Eagles. Carry on."
i love the face on the steel
[deleted]
""
Feel like the whole NFL hopped on the 'fuck the Titans' train over the last 24 hours.
"NFL needs to quit pussyfooting around on punishments, be it for a player or a team. It’s time they lay down the law. Set an example."
"As a Steelers fan living in Buffalo (I lived in Pittsburgh for 5 years then moved to Buffalo for employment), I finally have something that everyone around me can agree with.

Edit: Fuck the Patriots. We have that."
My prediction is the NFL makes them forfeit the game against the Bills but not the Steelers. It would be totally unfair but save them the money of cancelling only 1 game instead of 2. And would be very classic NFL to care more about money than fairness.
[deleted]
"Large fine for the team, Vrabel suspension, and all those who practiced illegally suspended is probably where they'll start. Maybe a loss of a draft pick as well? Who knows at this point. I know the NFL would try to work around a forfeit as hard as they can, but it's certainly on the table."
You’re missing 29 more arms.
If they make them forfeit the Bills game but not the Steelers I'm gonna be fuming
Do people actually think they're going to forfeit games? You think the NFL is just gonna say ok CBS dont give us money?
Two great tastes that taste weird together
Give us their first round pick.
"They should do the standings based on win%.  The titans get loses, stillers and bills get nothing.  They only play 15 games.  It's not fair to other teams if some teams are getting free wins."
And I was on the playoff bandwagon for the Titans last year but now I’m like fuck them
"Hell, we could even throw in a Raven hand there, i'd imagine. if you fuck with my bye week bc another team cant get with, id be upset too."
"I saw a Twitter post detailing that BOTH teams will not get paid if the game is forfeited... so maybe just forfeit the Bills game, eh? ;)"
"So, I think it should be a forfeit for both, but the Bills and Steelers still get paid.  It doesn't make sense to punish the teams that ARE following the rules and staying 'Vid free.    
Now that the Titans were caught red-handed practicing when they were supposed to be quarantined, they should also be fined out the ass and penalized draft picks.    
As far as giving those picks to other teams vs. they just become dust in the wind, that I don't know."
"A part of me they do ferfeit both games, and the other have Allen and Singletary on my fantasy league."
Also destiny 2 players
"This shouldn't even be a question. This should have happened for our match, and if it happens for Bills beyond? We raise hell! #FuckGoodell"
"It’s really simple if a team can’t put together a team that can pass the coved 19 test then forfeit......    we got Shawshank redemption
and now the next MF is lined up in the shower......  if you can’t play get the F out the way ....."
Agreed.
"I think the players who held/attended the workouts should lose their paychecks for the rest of the season 🤷🏾‍♀️ maybe a little harsh, but I think it's fair. I also like the loss of draft picks idea as well"
[removed]
[removed]
""
""
"This feels like a trap game. 

However, I would like nothing more than for the Steelers defense to get 10 sacks and 3+ turnovers!"
TJ: Don't mind if I do.
"With his helmet on, you can't tell what a thick and righteous fro TJ has."
"Wow, the Franklin Institute boutta smack Carson back to North Dakota"
""
"We've already had a few guys on and off the COVID-19 injury reserves including Washington.

Seems like the shoe was on the other foot, we didn't like the feel, and handled shit accordingly."
"If the Steelers handled it as poorly as the Titans have, I'd say end their season too.  Fuck any team that would put the health of their players, other team's players, and all their family members at risk just to play a game."
Contracting a virus isn't a moral failure. You could get it from any number of sources. It doesn't have to be a result of negligence.
""
Thank you for making this.
Aye
Remember (fuck) the Titans.
Oh covid definitely remembered the Titans.
""
not good for the ol blood pressure ill tell you what
"Me: Where is TJ? Is he safe? Is he alright?

Report: It seems in his anger he... hurt his knee.

Me: No. He's alright. I saw it- I... Nnnnooooooo!!!

Report: He's not in danger of missing the game though. =D

Me: You son of a bitch..."
Hope he is okay.
Maybe that Bye week did come at the right time. I noticed alot of talk during the reddit live game thread about Teej getting hurt. I'm glad he finished the game but I had been wondering what all that talk was about
"TJ Watt, linebacker, defensive specialist for the Pittsburgh Steelers: a man barely alive

Gentlemen we can rebuild him

We have the technology

We have the capability to make the worlds first bionic man

TJ Watt will be that man

Better than he was before

Better, Stronger, Faster"
I assume he is fine but I don’t like hearing him on the injured report.
Sounds like a day off to me
Am I the only one who wishes he wouldn't do that leg kick for his celebration move?
""
Vance also said he'd rather block all game than get 1 catch. That's a team player if I've ever seen one. Ebron owes him a beer.
"I really like how they’re specializing their roles on the offense. On the other hand, nothing makes me happier than watching defenders bounce off of Vance like he’s made of rubber."
"Fichnter added that he's excited to see the impact this has in the run, run, pass strategy totally not lifted from Haley's playbook minus 40,000 bubble screens.

I just wanna see McDonald stiff arm some motherfuckers straight out of the league."
"As one of Vance’s biggest critics, I’ve been super pumped about his approach. Having a stud blocker that’s an average receiver at TE is such an underrated thing."
Is he just not a fan of getting hit low on those short crossing routes TEs usually get?  Can't blame him for that.
"How much of that ten pounds is in his hair and beard?

I mean, McDonald looks like an actual Minnesota Viking."
[removed]
""
That's awesome man!
Epic gift!! Kudos to your wife for such a great gift!
Super cool! I was concerned it said Switzer which would mean it has definitely been dropped on the ground.
She's a keeper!!
She has excellent taste!!
That's awesome!
"Did you waive for a fair catch when she gave it to you?


I'm kidding! Awesome gift


Edit: Oh shit that's Shazier, not switzer!


Still awesome"
"That’s pretty badass, I’m jealous. Is your wife single?"
[deleted]
Outstanding.
I think this was shopped.
""
The good old Riley meme
Your mom's basement needs sanitizing.
""
Supposedly not serious…
Clearly you're single...
""
"I didn't watch this. But I've had a few beers, and the words next man up has me thinking of Tomlin and makes me wanna run through a fucking wall for that man"
"Very sad to hear about Tunch having ALS.  Let's hope for some breakthroughs in that disease's treatments.

[https://dkpittsburghsports.com/2020/10/09/tunch-ilkin-als-diagnosed-lou-gehrigs-disease-steelers-dk](https://dkpittsburghsports.com/2020/10/09/tunch-ilkin-als-diagnosed-lou-gehrigs-disease-steelers-dk)"
I’ve met Tunch and he prayed with my family so my uncle would get a kidney. My uncle got a kidney so I’m going to pray for Tunch.
Tunch will beat down the disease like he beat down defensive linemen.
Damn. Wishing him the best.
Fuck. Poor guy.
Yeah what a bummer. Watching him this year you could tell something wasn't right.
"The good news is ALS research has done wonders ever since the Ice Bucket Challenge. Hopefully, he pulls through."
Fuck ALS
[Just in time](https://boston.cbslocal.com/2020/07/08/robert-brown-als-treatment-microrna/). Hope this helps him.
Man...that is awful. Wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. Such a horrible disease.
"Goddammit. Too young to have seen Tunch play, but his voice is a Sunday afternoon staple. I wouldn't wish that disease on anyone."
"Just listened to him and wolf last week on the DVE-2 hd radio station.  I knew something was up and was googling furiously trying to find out if something had happened with him. Very sad to hear, but hopefully new research can help him. Prayers for Tunch!"
"I work with The ALS Association and know that there is a solid Chapter in Western PA. My grandfather got care in Pittsburgh when he had ALS about 15 years ago and there are great medical experts in Pittsburgh and Ohio.

Very sad to hear this about Tunch. I wouldn't wish ALS on anyone. I hope this brings some needed attention to the disease. The care available in 2020 is better than it has ever been, but it's a very difficult disease and hard to plan for the trajectory of it. Steve Gleason has lived with it for many years now, but it's not easy.

I hope he and his family get all of the care and support that they need."
Oh my God!  Tunch is more than just the voice of the Steelers Network.  He is an amazing individual who I've had the privilege of meeting on many different occasions.  My prayers go out to this very spiritual heart and soul of Steeler Nation.  We love you Tunch.
Such a good player and great person. My first memory of him was watching him play basketball on the Steelers team that would play vs all the local school districts.  Wishing him and his family all the best in this tough time.
Prayers up for Tunch and his loved ones 🙏🏻
"Oh man, that's heartbreaking. He's a hell of a guy, wishing him and his family the best"
Oh shit.  I wouldn't wish that on anyone.
damn that sucks. listen to him and wolf daily after randy bauman on dve.
Damn...that is heartbreaking. I hope he and his family are able to cope with this as well as possible.
Oh no. I am heartbroken for him.
Very sad and sending prayers his way. listening to his show on steelers nation radio for a few years now and could tell something was up with him
"Damn, poor guy."
Terrible. I knew he didn't sound right during the first game this year. He just seemed completely out of it and not his normal self.
I met Tunch (and Wolf) years ago.  He is genuinely good person and godly man.  Praying that he will beat this insidious disease.
""
Might be in the minority but these are lame.
I agree
Wish they would wear these one game
"It's not a salute to service.  It's an insult to it.

The U.S. armed services are meant to be somber and serious institutions, the *only* purpose of which is to protect the citizenry from real, life-threatening dangers.

The marketing and fetishization of them is why you get things like heavily armed militias plotting to kidnap and lynch elected U.S. officials TV has talked them into hating.

This is propaganda for profit.  Nothing more, nothing less."
Every time someone takes a cell phone pic of a computer screen i die a little bit
Those are actually pretty bad ass
""
Gotta admit juju out there hustling. My dream is he is trying to use endorsements to make up for the money we can't pay him. The ultimate team player.
"I like Juju as much as the next Steeler fan, but I don't think I would feel comfortable drinking something called Juju Juice."
I guess he's Juice Juice Smith-Schuster now
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Juju is going to make 500 million dollars at this point. Jesus
"Combining tik tok, youtube, instagram, twitch, endorsements, his own branding for his charities hes beginning to become a marketing genius especially for what he stands for. Idk just have a lot of respect for it all."
Should have been JuJuice.
I'm going to need someone from Pittsburgh to send me some JuJu Juice ASAP.
Hes like the master p of the nfl
"Please use this thread to post anything.  Doesn't have to be Steelers or football related at all.  Don't downvote in this thread.  If you see someone being a jerk, report it, or message the mods about it.  

Need to vent?  Do it here!  

Hate/love something, and want to talk about how much you hate/love it?  Do it here!"
I have a CS test today that I need to study for and I'm still sitting in bed watching Hunter x Hunter someone motivate me to get up 💀💀
"Man, it’s been a fucking whirlwind of a week. 
Monday I was told I was getting fired. Spent the entire evening and next day applying for jobs. I’m getting married in two weeks and just bought a house, could not be worse timing. 

Tuesday, I get a call that I’m not fired. Cool, now I have to kiss any and all ass, and try to figure out a way to get on a project with none available. Really awesome. 

At least this weekend I get to enjoy my bachelor party and continue the job hunt. But holy fuck was I stressing."
"What the actual fuck, Michigan?"
"I need this weekend man. Work has me going to Charleston SC, Charlotte, Atlanta, Kentucky and then back to Charleston to end the week. I’m dreading waking up on Monday."
I'm having two of my favorite people come over to watch the game tomorrow. My sister's an Eagles fan (my Philadelphia family wonders where I went wrong) so she'll be outnumbered.  She can yell like she's two people so I guess it'll be even.
"Eagles @ Steelers preview from an Eagles fan perspective 


https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/lets-go-to-the-phones/id1525160507?i=1000494123748"
Pats facility is shut down this morning (Sunday) due to another positive test as per Schefter
"Looks like TJ's going to be on Pat's youtube show around 3 pm for anyone looking to listen, I think Pat's on Sirius now too. 

Just thought yinz should know.

Edit: it was the third hour, not 3 pm. Sorry fellas (and ladyfellas) for the wrong time."
Good looking out!
He's coming on now just a heads up
He's on!
Hopefully we get insider info about the C-gap
""
"Don’t tell the guys in /r/lakeeriebros this but the Steelers have always been the only other team I actively root for outside of my Bills. My dad was a fan when he was a kid during the steel-curtain era, that carried over. When you’re not playing us I’ll always root for you. Also lets hope this year’s SNF game is less ugly than last year’s (same outcome would be great though, sorry😬) Love you guys"
Pittsburgh-er living in Buffalo...I'd say our hate for the Patriots is what we most share.
"~~Titans~~ Tennessee Football Team, they offend me."
Fuck the titans and deflatriots
"As a Steelers fan loving in Buffalo, it's been a weird 2 weeks."
"The Rust Belt is pretty large.  I wouldn't be surprised if a significant portion of the NFL is Rust Belt.  But I do respect and kind of like the Bills all things considered.  They have a good ownership and fan base.  

Your snow can fuck off though."
"Got nothing but love for you guys. Bills fans are fucking awesome, and I'm hoping at some point I can find my way to Buffalo for a game."
Titans are becoming football's Trashtros.
https://i.imgur.com/1a2l9pk.gifv
There’s prolly a bunch of cool ass people in this sub. The cross section of stuff I like and football is pretty remarkable.
Always hand in hand with Bills bros. They're the reason why we were able to hand the Bengals such an epic loss in the 2015 playoffs.
Can someone tell me why we hate the Titans? I get the whole COVID thing.. but multiple Steelers have said it’s NBD? I’m confused
"There were some egregious buffalonians on my floor at Pitt. Tied with eagles fans when it comes to enjoying their own heartbreak but, when they got a win man was it fun. 🤝"
Buffalo Bill Bros!
"Everyone hates the Pa...Titans so we're all family here.

Well except Ravens fans."
Fuck the Pats
"Remeber last year when we loved the titans, yeah me neither."
Bills look crazy good this year and Allen looks much improved and like the real deal.  Hopefully they're peaking too early and will cool off otherwise I'd say they're the AFC Super Bowl favorite at the quarter mark.
The Steelers and Bills were the only teams that voted against Art Modell relocating the Browns to Baltimore.
"It was not a lateral, it was a forward pass Hate the Titans and O’Donnell too."
"Fuck the Titans!! 

Remember when that kicker faked getting knocked down in the playoffs??

I Remember......"
I mean the best bill ever was a western pennsylvania kid.
"Why would we bother hating the Titans?  All they did was get sick. 

You want to hate someone, hate the NFL for not legislating preventative measures the way you'd like.

Or the leadership of the country for defanging the CDC, and for actively promoting the growth and spread of covid, and actively attacking and marginalizing those who seek to prevent it.

Titans owners, coaches, and players were just duped by -- and then coddled by -- the same people who have put the whole nation and much of the world in danger with their dangerous anti-science, head-in-the-sand rhetoric.

I like and respect Vrabel and the Titans a lot more for fucking over Brady and Belicheat in their Swan Song, than I could ever hate them for being fooled by people in power."
"He just said on the Pat McAfee show ""we all feel our great, my body feels great.""

Was scared he was on injury report yesterday but I think this means he's fine."
"Yes, people love to take the extremely basic practice designations as a symbol that someone is destroyed for the next game/season, etc."
[deleted]
""
"No, I dont think I will"
[deleted]
Jesus christ so much nonsense in that writeup... no one needs that much useless information...
I got arthritis scrolling to the comments.
This is no opponent (Texans?) game day food thread...
The richest comment in that thread is when one person said we don’t have talent at WR outside of Juju 😂😂😂
They knocked off the Ravens last year
"They also stomped on the Terrible Towel, so fuck em."
That was last year.  This is 2020.  This year is a separate dimension in and of itself.
"Last season is last season.  THIS season they are messing with our world.  So, no."
"Titans, Ravens, Patriots...same damn thing.

All suck; none are special.  Don't put the Pats and the Ratbirds on pedestals.  Steeler fans aren't jealous of any team."
"Also, Joe Nedney.   

Fuck that team."
"Hol up, they knocked off the PATS and the Ravens in the playoffs last year.   Never forget.  I'll gladly give them a 5 year reprieve for that."
"It does not matter what they did last year.

And in the end it's only matters if we beat the Ravens.

I don't care who else AFC North loses to as long as they lose to us."
"Lol I thought this was gonna say ""Jesse James caught that ball"""
lmao they woulda definitely lost to chiefs or 49ers they’re ass postseason
"https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/j82nqt/kuharsky_i_reported_that_two_groups_of_titans/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Also this but y'know fuck me I should get banned for saying we shouldn't immediately all dogpile on the Titans and demand draft picks/forfeit wins"
""
With 1 less game YEET
r/nfl loves talking about how this is irrelevant due to us playing only bad o-lines
Burrows sweating intensifies.
Nut
"Kevin Colbert is damn near perfect.I edited from God. 

2 years ago..No defense..  Last year ...helmets were thrown ...The ship has been righted.              
(seemingly)

3 years and back on the path to 7. That’s great team management.  Love the potential of this team!!    Remember when we lost to the Raiders"
"Unbelievable. They all make eachother better so not only are they individually stars, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts"
That’s really saying something for TJ considering he gets held half the time
wow
Guys is this good?
""
Let's introduce them to Blitzburgh
"The eagles are injured to shit. In related news, grass is green"
I just saw a boot go flying across the room.  I think that’s how they’ll create the pass.
They're gonna throw to tight ends a lot :(
Good luck with that.
Short quick passes all day so we can't pass rush
"Bold strategy, Cotton."
""
This is corny as fuck but I love it
They don't have much likeness lol. Just a black dude and a white dude
TJ just looks like he’s whining while Bud flexes at him lol
This makes me strangely uncomfortable
🍑🍑
"My therapist: Luigi Bud Dupree isn’t real, it can’t hurt you

Luigi Bud Dupree:"
r/blursedimages
Wheres Tuitt?
"Love the concept, but TJ looks like my 4 yr old son throwing a tantrum."
We should wear overalls as pants one game
Super Sack Brothers!
[deleted]
""
Ahhh I see why this is NSFW
"Isn't this normal?  Wasn't there a humorous story this off season where Ben was trying to ""get"" the defense to hit him, and they refused?  

Also, is there a team in the NFL whose starting QB ISN'T off limits during practice?"
😳
He ain't touchin nobody. WHO YOU TOUCHIN? Nobody
I... I need an adult
"It's crazy for how good Hargrave was last year, we haven't missed him one bit in 3 games."
He's still a rotational player on the Eagles & didn't do all that much last week.  I am looking forward to seeing his patented fork lift move against Pouncey.  If Pouncey has any weakness it's that he can be power rushed and bull dozed at times.  Another interesting match up for Sunday.
This gives me a strange sensation deep down in my pants
Giggity.
How is the gravedigger doing this year?
Now I want Ben to stiff arm him as he runs for 11.
Phrasing.
Good guy Javon
Apparently Hargrave hasn’t heard of the #metoo movement. Which clearly states you can’t harass a woman unless you’re really good looking. Then it’s flirting.
""
"https://imgur.com/GnmA1ig

very low effort but I was bored"
"Haven’t even seen the final product, but that’s hilarious."
[deleted]
Here We Go https://trainers4me.com/Football-Football-Helmet-Decals/
"The circle is about 4"" in diameter irrc"
""
Retro bowl is such a great game. I recommend it to literally anyone that has a working phone and likes football even a little bit
Great game. I rename all the players after current Steelers players
Love the game. Played it nonstop for two weeks.
"Careful, I think you meant the Pittsburgh Iron Workers. Wouldn't want the NFL to get upset. 

But seriously, great game. I did the same, but I think it took me longer to get a defense that could allow me that 1 drive per game to screw things up."
Such a great game and costs one dollar. Very much recommended.
Love retro bowl! Won 11 championships with the lers. Didn’t realize how much they updated the game I haven’t played in a while.
"Man, this game is just sooooo addictive. And yes, I only play with the Steelers! #HereWeGo"
""
Who the fuck is Zach Gelb?
Classic shitty argument. Just because something worse is going on the world it means you can’t complain about ANYTHING else. Dude sounds like a kid in this.
"Zach Gelb can go fuck himself.

Big Ben got asked a question during an interview and answered it honestly. No one would be happy going from a Week 8 Bye to a Week 4 Bye especially when it's the fault of another team who can't follow simple fucking protocols to get their house in order and put something on the field. 

Oh and a division rival we're currently leading benefited immensely from this move. 

Zach Gelb then tries to bring up the current COVID-19 situation and people losing their jobs because of the ongoing pandemic like he's not lucky as fuck to be a sports broadcaster and that if dumb fucks like the Titans continue to disregard protocol the shit that keeps him employed shuts the fuck down and he's one of those out of a job. 

So my question is who asked Zach Gelb for his opinion? How fucking pathetic are you to post a minute plus long rant about someone being unhappy with a major change at their fucking job because another organization caught COVID-19 then did shit like continue meeting, disregarding protocol, and more? Does this dumb fuck not see the god damn irony in saying Big Ben has nothing to complain about because of the current situation while complaining about his complaints?

Oh yea and because of the Titans look at all the major changes the schedule for Week 5 has to go through as well. Oh and the Steelers didn't really get a bye because the game wasn't delayed until Friday after the team spent all week preparing as if they were going to play because the NFL doesn't have any fucking back up plans for a team does something as insanely stupid as not take COVID-19 seriously."
"Aw, stop it, Zach Gelb! Enough of you.

There are people who actually have real-life issues this year. People losing jobs, people losing loved ones. People getting diagnosed with this virus and testing positive.

And I have to hear Zach Gelb complaining about Big Ben."
"I'm so bored of this formula.

A player is asked a very specific and direct question by a reporter.

Player rolls eyes and responds.

Quote is then shared without any context as if the player is just shouting it from the rooftops and hoping people hear."
Never heard of her. Must be a Bengals fan.
"""This two time superbowl winning QB who's been in the league for 16 years thinks he can speak about the NFL?!"""
"So...

NOT important enough to say through the media: Big Ben's opinion of his professional situation in the Time of Covid.

CLEARLY important enough to say through the media: Zach Gelb's opinon of Big Ben's opinion of his professional situation in the Time of Covid.

Makes plenty of sense.

Zach doesn't get to fall back on ""it's his job to spew through the media.""  Because that's also part of Ben's job.  So much so that when players *don't* spout, they even get fined for it."
What an asinine argument lol fuck that idiot
Zach Gelb? Never heard of him. Some schmuck trying to get attention by shitting on popular players with dumb takes. Get this Great Value mark Madden outta here
"Lol that reporter is an idiot. 

This IS their job that we have decided needs to happen. I love football and missed it. I'm glad it's being played. 

But the players are also allowed to express their opinions and unhappiness when things happen. The NFL hasn't planned well enough to play in the midst of a pandemic. They're still people regardless of if they're getting paid millions or have access to good healthcare."
"By his logic, isn’t he wrong for complaining about a guy complaining when there’s worse things going on in the world?"
Who is Zach Gelb?
The dude has 6000 followers on twitter. He’s literally nobody
Also it was not a normal bye-week they were practicing up until the announcement as if they were still playing as normally schedule. Such a dumb take
Zach Gelb looks like Mason Rudolph after being stung by a dozen bees
"When will people realize the ""Sports Reporter Hot Take"" doesn't give you anything more than temporary ratings.

For example ESPN has basically become the ""Hype and Hot Takes"" network, and they are losing viewership in droves and are ready to layoff a bunch of their workforce because people got tired of the nonsense.

Always providing nothing but hot take gives a sports reporter 15 minutes of fame, but then people realize that kind of behavior makes the reporter look childish and immature, quickly ending those 15 minutes in a cold, cold way.

The sports reporters who quietly do their jobs and give informative analysis are the ones with staying power and are more likely to be seen as an authority of the subject in the eyes of others.

Edit to add, and off topic:

By the way, it was refreshing to hear Kirk Herbstreit and Chris Fowler call an NFL game without them feeling the need to hype every play and player.  Chris Collinsworth on NBC can learn from these guys and realize that not every player deserves the line *""that's what makes \[name\] such a great player!""* after they make a good play.  Sometimes just call a good play a good play and move on; no need to spend the next minute hyping the player and/or play.

Just call the game and stop artificially hyping it.  We know if something worth getting hyped up about happens.  We're watching the game, too."
Lol his take is laughable. He must not have even listened to the press conference
"What a moron. I can’t imagine the amount of pain he is in after a season at his age. Of course he should be upset about the bye week, it’s a crucial recovery week for players."
Well you know what they say about opinions. Everyone’s a yadda yadda.
""
Hard for anybody to have a good passer rating when they have 4 guys in their face before they finish their drop back
Shoutout to the Browns
But every game thread I have been reading how our CBs have gone downhill and are constantly getting burnt....  /s
[deleted]
I think the Steelers will win on a walk off field goal .
"I think it's going to be a lot closer than we expect. While the Eagles basically have no receivers, we are known to play down and our offense hasn't quite hit their stride yet. It's going to be close."
"It feels like we always lose to the Eagles, I'm shook."
I think the Steelers will win on a walk off field goal .
I just want a win. Preferably a blowout for once. But I'll take any kind of win.
I think the defense will hold them to a performance similar to week 9 against the Rams last year
60% chance of rain
45-3
E
"I don’t think the bye is gunna help us necessarily, but who knows. I do know we seem to play every team close regardless of skill level so I wouldn’t be surprised if it didn’t look similar to the giants game. We will probably control the game/have a decent edge but still only win by 10 or less. 

21-13 Steelers"
Are you unfamiliar with Ben coming off a bye week?
Close win or loss. 23-20
I don’t think we blow them out but we should get the W. I just can’t help but think how much this feels like it could easily be that classic steeler let down game.
I really hope for a solid W. It would lessen my anxiety for the expectations I have. But in all reality Steelers win 31-24. Playing behind most of the game.
Steelers win 27-23
31-14. Ertz hurts us early but we adjust
I think EDP445 is going to continue bashing the Eagles and thanking the Steelers for kicking their shit
We are going to start off very slow. Go into the half 13 - 6 (defensive TD on a pick 6) then turn it up in the second half with the final score 30 - 13
"As much as I love Conner, injury seem like they love him just as much. So watching the games from last season and the sprinkling that we’ve had of Snell I thought he was gonna take over after Conner. He runs with heart and power but the fumbles are a problem. Now watching McFarland, dude is so explosive. So just curious who you guys think gets plugged in of Conner goes down."
"Is it just me, or does Benny seem really small this year?"
"After Connor? And yes...this is kind of a cop out....but I think they will see who has the hot hand. Snell brings power and toughness, McFarland brings speed and agility.

If Snell could learn to hang onto the ball, I would prefer him as the feature back over McFarland...just for the ability to power through(like Bettis). But, all that is for naught if he is a fumble machine.

EDIT: in short? Snell reminds me of a Bettis type runner, McFarland reminds me of a Dwight Stone/Willie Parker kind of runner"
"Nobody outside Conner is nearly talented or reliable enough to be more than part of a committee.  So, ""nobody"" is the answer you're looking for."
Me
"If it was one guy, probably Snell because his build. But it’d likely be a committee"
I wish we’d see more of McFarland tbh. He is fast as hell. His build doesn’t scare me. He’s the same size as Miles Sanders.
""
Probably to play FB/special teams like hes done before since Derek Watt is out
[deleted]
"Not weird. Many coaches travel in packs. You work together at XYZ University, then get fired/leave, find new job and bring others with you, or one of them gets a job and brings you with them. It's been ths way for years for many staffs in college and nfl. It's a very small fraternity that seemingly values loyalty, sometimes, over capability."
""
"Just read a tweet from Mike Giardi where he was told by Tannehill that the Titan’s “lost faith in the testing process.” Like, motherfucker, you assholes we’re holding unsanctioned practices when you were supposed to be sitting at home"
So now reports are they held an unsanctioned practice the day after they were told to shut down?  How is the NFL not stepping in and punishing them?  They deliberately shirked the rules and have negatively affected two teams.  Class organization my ass.
That’s just gross negligence now
Grown men can act like babies sometimes
"Like, really, how hard is this shit? Everyone else is doing this shit working shit jobs for no money. How are these guys having such a hard time playing a fuckin game??"
"ITT:

Some points made that seriously make me question how those people haven’t been taken out by natural selection by now."
""
"Credit to my buddy Kevin, we went on a Boat ride around the city and got this wild picture.
#HereWeGo

EDIT: turns our u/topperh2 does have a reddit account"
"Can’t wait to see the guy who does the “Wake up, mother fuckers!!” posts here in a couple hours. Gets me rock hard every time"
PETA going to be very mad when we destroy the eagles tomorrow
This is an especially serious game. Let us remember what happened at the last matchup. A complete disgrace for us. Eagles ran the game from start to finish. That memory gets erased here with a blowout win.
Awesome photo
That’s a great picture!
"Oh Mama, I’m in fear for my life
From the long arm of the law..."
let's fucking go
Let’s gooooooo!! Steelers Fan here in California 👍🏼
Great pic! I stole it and it is now my cover photo on FB
[deleted]
"Very, very, very, very nice!"
This is so bad it’s good. I lived about a mile from the strip district for about 4 years and this makes me miss it SO BAD. I’m looking at moving back very soon. LET’S GO!
""
"Lmao this looks exactly like a coworker I know. Even funnier, he's a die hard Eagles fan that I just also happen to be playing against in fantasy this week."
Lol that’s just November Ben
Ben Cheeseburger
Credit: https://twitter.com/nfl_memes/status/1315067559788642304?s=21
Ben RoeTHICCsberger
Ben Eaten
Ol' Walrusberger
Looking more like General Fat Fuck
BIG CHUNGUS
Off-season photo
NORRRRM!
I see you slimmed him down for the photo. Very flattering
"I know it's a few years removed, but this gives me the creeps. Anyone else?"
2020...*puffs cigar*...what a year it's been
Imagine explaining this to someone in 2015
Bert from Sesame Street will be handing the ball to Oscar the Grouch
Just three years ago they were fighting for the division  against each other. 3 years!
is Joe Flacco an elite quarterback?
[deleted]
"Frankly, i think it is hilarious"
What even is this year?
"elite handoff, am i right?"
"I’m new, I don’t understand"
""
""
[Four-time Super Bowl champion Randy Grossman](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy_Grossman)
"""The Rabbi"" was a definite favorite from the Steeler Dynasty! 

No finer head of hair has ever graced the inside of a football helmet."
"Reminds me of when I almost bought an AB jersey a few years ago, and the store I go to didn't have it in stock. They claimed they interstore transferred it but it never came in. 

Lucky for me since he had his meltdown shortly thereafter and it all went to hell lol. 

Saved by the miscue."
How did you do that I want to do that to mine lol. Still have my ab jersey sitting around.
Grossman had some clutch third down catches in SB 13 to keep drives alive that ended up going for scores. Great hands.  Tough. Underrated.
He was one of my favorites growing up.  Had some big catches and could block too.
It's off center and I can't unsee it!
Can someone explain to me why you can't just buy the numbers yourself? Wtf NFL
""
My favorite defensive player to watch probably in Steelers history. Dude is relentless.
"Me and TJ have the same Birthday!

TIL"
I think that means we’re getting at least 3 birthday sacks
"Does anyone else hate it when they see it's these dudes birthdays. Like bro can you stay 23 forever please? 
Watt will have 3 sacks today."
I saw a news article that TJ is not playing because he's injured. That's not true correct?
"It's his birthday and he gets to be paid to hit Wentz all day?

Lucky..."
We share a birthday 🎂
"Eagles fan coming in peace to wish one of the best current players on defense today and Happy Birthday and hope he doesn’t kill Carson. If he’s lined up on Mailata, god bless his soul. 

Hoping for a great game today Steel bros!"
"i hope he (for his bday and mine) murders some eagles qbs.  figuratively of course.  

EDIT:  apparently its a bunch of others birthdays as well. good times!"
Hope he gets a pick six or a sack.
BIRTHDAY BOY WITH THE SACK
Nice! One sacks per Quarter would be appropriate.
All the Eagles OL out there giving him birthday hugs. How sweet.
""
"It hurts me to my core that the NFL punished players as hard as the federal government for the horrible crime of \*gasp\* smoking reefer.

No, much better to keep them pumped full of pharmaceuticals so they don't notice their brains being completely hammered into putty until they can't think straight in their 60s."
"He always reminded me of Randy Moss. His acceleration and top speed for being that tall was insane 

I'm sorta surprised now that pot is legal in NFL he has not signed anywhere"
so sad but at least steelers always draft good receivers
"Claypool has the potential to be Bryant and better. I hurt for Bryant, I really do, but let’s be thankful and hopeful with what we do have."
He could have been a HOFer.  So much God given talent.
He was the definition of playmaker
Dude was a Touchdown machine.
We got Claypool!
"Don’t worry, we have Claypool now."
"If this country ever decides to take mental health seriously and legalize cannabis this man would have never had an issue.  Dak Prescott was incredibly brave to come out about it, which is why his injury today was extra brutal.  Bryant deserved better and some guys just can't stay out of their own way because they are either incapable or don't have the support around them to make it happen.  Bryant's failings are a product of society just as much as they are a product of his own poor choices. Josh Gordon is another example."
Don’t do drugs kids
"There was some talk a week or so ago on this site about Claypool being a reminder of Bryant, only better. First quarter today certainly drives that home."
He actually did what Dionte tries to do
He was a goddamn football player
He was so *freaky* athletic.   Amazing athlete.   Absolutely amazing.
"Would you rather :

A - make history in Pittsburgh. Turn your name into a legend. Make millions, if not 100s of millions of dollars. Have just about any woman in the world.

B- smoke a ton of weed"
who is that and why are we sar
I think he is missing a 1 on his jersey. Isnt his name Mapletron?
"I forgot he existed to be honest. Between bens injury, bell and brown leaving and Bryant I’ve been kind of disengaged. Watt and claypool bringing me back in tho"
The rules suck but seriously you give me that kind of money and the only thing I have to do is not smoke? Easy choice
"Hey guys, I think we found a suitable replacement"
I watched that 3 times before realizing I was watching it loop ... and I was not upset
Very reminiscent of *AHEM* Chase Claypool
Chase Claypool is everything Martavis Bryant *should* have been.
He's a free agent
Could have been GREAT.  it really is heart breaking that he never was able to get his demons under control.
Tomlin’s arrogance is to blame. Years of having a top tier squad and nothing to show for it but postseason disappointments and historical ownage by the Patriots
"Mike Tomlin and wasting talent, name a better duo"
"Fuck him. Chose himself over his team.

Love the argument of ""he was struggling with addiction, but weed isn't addictive"". 

Want to smoke weed? Play by the rules.  Lobby to change the rules. But play by the rules."
"Complete straight-line route runner. Also, not that great hands. Even some of those catches he looks awkward trying to catch it over his shoulders. His rookie year was the aberration. Respect for the production he did give us though."
[deleted]
[removed]
I used crackstreams dot com a few weeks ago and it was a good experience
Bilasports.net
Bilasports is super consistent! If u wanna browse streams try sportsurge . Net
Thanks guy!
""
""
[removed]
Nflbite.com
nflbite.com is where it is at. It's the old nflstreams sub but just setup on a separate site now. I use it every week because I don't have cable and I'm a cheap fuck when it comes to paying for streaming services.
Nflbite.com or SportsSurge.com
"Nflbite for sure, as the others have said. Buffstreamz works for me on mobile as well."
buffstream is what i use
""
Yeehaw mother fuckers.
For real thought this was rendered on Red Dead Redemption 2 haha
aka Arthur Morgan
What a stud
I thought it was hangman Adam page at first. They look almost identical
E
""
Nice job dude.  Can't wait for he 5 and 0 one next week
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."
I hate this so much I watched it 43 times
Lol was expecting yh steelers fight song
 /u/vredditshare
It worked!
https://youtu.be/AS-07dh9-NA
"Hey, that’s a Sony Mega Bass. I had one of those  sweet boom boxes for years."
This may be the worst thing I’ve ever heard
Here we go https://imgur.com/gallery/NiiuqGV
"My brother was 3 months early so i understand how hard it is, well kinda im not the parent so, but still thats really cool"
Nice! Here we go little one!
May the tough guy grow up to be as big and strong as Big Ben! Go stillers!
http://imgur.com/gallery/0fcIm9d
"Awww Happy First Game,  babby!"
His first dub. He's good luck.
"Welcome to Steelers Nation, little guy!"
Congratulations on a healthy little one!
"Wishing him health, happiness and lots more Steelers wins! Here We Go"
""
"Thanks for posting this, I miss home (pa). I'm watching from Florida, its been on n off raining here today. Here we go!"
"https://i.imgur.com/WcUTh42.jpg 
https://i.imgur.com/e8faRrK.jpg https://i.imgur.com/yXNeIgv.jpg"
"Do you mind answering a couple questions from a season ticket holder who opted out this year...

How did you get picked for the tickets?
Was the resale value crazy high because there were only 5000?
How was the atmosphere? Was it similar to a WPIAL championship if you've ever been?
How did they decide where you had to sit? I assume they weren't you normal seats.

I'm sure it was a surreal experience, but awesome also"
https://i.imgur.com/fjPE78w.jpg
""
You married your daughter?  Is that legal?
She must be really small to fit up there.
[deleted]
"I know he's a beast after the catch, but shouldn't we be protecting him by putting McCloud out there?"
"Did he get injured on that last return?

And yeah, idk"
"DJ does punts, RayRay does KOs. Been that way since game 1."
""
Looks like pnc park during a normal pirate game.
[deleted]
totally meant Heinz field. but my father sent me this from one of his old fraternity brothers at the game. i would honestly love to go to a game like this
I’m just happy to see people back in there tbh. I would love to get my hands on some tickets but they are probably so fuckin expensive
Were there a lot of people or was it crowded? I wanted to go but was kind of concerned
looks like any Pitt game on Saturdays
It wouldn’t be surreal to see FirstEnergy Stadium like this.
[removed]
"http://bfstrms.xyz/watch/nfl-2


Bookmark this: nflbite.com"
The shots of Heinz Field with Covid-limited attendance reminds me of normal Bungles games I’ve seen...
""
I hope they stay amazing after this game
Eagles are really good.
"No local stations broadcast the games here, anyone have any ideas?"
https://www.steelers.com/watch-live-games/web/reg/en/2020-reg-5-eagles-at-steelers-en
https://www.steelers.com/audio/steelers-nation-radio/
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
To be fair the Steelers have been getting some help from the stripes to this point.
wow
"These refs have been terrible, making bad calls against both teams, but I agree, most (but not all) of there bad calls have gone against the Steelers"
[deleted]
""
"He's a very small guy and nfl football is a violent game.  He's got his shiftiness to help avoid hits, but he isn't a burner, either so defenders can line up their shots w/o fear of being out run.  Gotta assume he's always going to be battling injuries and/or he's going start wussing out of contact even more than he does now leaving meat on the bone on plays."
Insult to injury
Somehow I haven't seen this meme before and I love it
Started him over Claypool. He’s legit cost me two fantasy wins. Oh well I hope this isn’t a pattern that’s developing
""
"So when does JuJu start picking fights with Ben, freezing his feet and complaining about his football helmet?"
Hey I’ll take a td however we can get it. My fantasy team is hurtin tho. Come on juju!
Juju plays team ball. I think he’ll be fine 👍🏼
""
And again
And ....again
I fucking love this meme format so this made me audibly laugh hysterically...
So much yes
And his third
I’m fucking convinced the universe is always listening! I was completely unaware of this video until someone at work brought it up today as well as unaware of the turnout of the game. For you to post this is just too much of a weird coincidence for me right now! Lol
Kinda looks like him
[deleted]
You spelled GOAT wrong
"STEAL OF THE DRAFT

Ben loves his big receivers, and so do I"
*Nut*
""
""
That was quick take my upvote
Congratulations that was fast. Lol
This announcing crew is one of the worst in awhile
James Franco Harris lmaooo
What about Steelers OC Andy Richter?
A legend nobody knew existed until today
Vilma is probably the worst announcer ever.
It took all of Vilma’s 3 remaining brain cells to realize how badly he fucked that up
"I like when he said ""Wentz was looking for Wentz down field"" 😂"
that was somehow not even in the top 5 most awkward flubs that came out of Vilma's mouth today
That was such an awkward moment lol why did he even think that'd be funny
It was so awkward. Wouldn’t have been if they had just dropped it lol
"James Franco: Is it true you guys are starved for a new thing to hate?

Raiders: Yes.

James Franco: Then why don't you feed them?"
I don’t get it
"""Fulgram is tearing this Eagles defense apart""- Vilma

""...Fulgram went undrafted.  Drafted by the Detroit Lions.""- Vilma

Oh, and the idiot Vilma called Darius Slay ""Derrick Slay"" twice!"
Can’t stop giggling
That's a wonderful photoshop job my dude
Yinz Break. Yinz Break forevaaaaa
"The mistake wasn’t that bad, anybody could let that slip. It was the cringe worthy recovery that hurt."
Strawberries
LMAO
cant even think about franco with dirty heads popping into my head.
😂😂 a true Hall of Famer
Well that didn't take long.  LOL
Vilma was giving some interesting commentary.
awesome
"Heartbeat, It's a Lovebeat."
"Vilma was a nightmare to listen to. His attempts at being funny were horrible, just stick to calling the game."
"Vilma did an amazing job calling the Saints game last week, this Steelers game not so much sadly."
"I thought that blunder was funny, but how about the black announcer saying he loved Eddie Van Halen and Van Halen’s music. Now I understand there are many Black people who love rock ‘n’ roll, metal, and Eddie Van Halen, but not that guy! Suspect at best"
""
I didn't even know points went up this high
Means nothing if they can't hold the lead. Need defense to step up
I know it hardly matters but it was getting a little annoying hearing it on the radio.
"Nah, now they'll just frame it and say they've only scored 30+ pts once in 23 games"
Gotta get that opening drive touchdown next week and shut people up about that.
Winning shootouts count double in the standings.
[removed]
it always seems to me that refs try to keep a lot of the games close
The PI calls have been terrible for both sides so far in this game
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
There's a game on...
Going to be a no for me
"No. Don't be surprised if they resign him, he's already said he's not chasing money and has seen the whole ""grass isn't always greener"" effect happen to multiple guys."
"What do you think is going to happen after this game now that Claypool had a breakout game and JuJu did relatively nothing? What do you think is going to happen when Claypool starts to draw double coverage?

You need TWO good receivers. Let’s keep him on the roster and use him while we can."
No
Boo this man!!!
No?
No
"Pay him for the right price, plain and simple. If some team wants to overpay the shit out of him let them."
Juju will resign for $15 million a year. Steelers trade James Washington for a 3rd round pick in the off season
"No... really really bad take.  You NEED multiple deep fast threats.  You saw what happened when Juju was without AB the first year and didn't have Ben to help shoulder that responsibility.  

&#x200B;

You get rid of Juju... Ben retires in 2 years... you're fucked."
First downvote of the week. You’re welcome.
"No, not unless he demands absurd money. Hopefully he won't, but if it's anything remotely reasonable we have no reason to get rid of him. He's an excellent wide receiver and depth is what you need to win."
"Absolutely not. We are all in on winning this year so it would make no sense unless we got a good player in return but they'd need to learn the playbook and everything, besides Juju is still making an impact and we'd lose insurance incase we caught the injury bug at WR"
"Haha haha.  No.

You do realize we get a comp 3rd round pick for juju.  His services this year are well worth waiting one year for that pick.

If we traded juju in season it would need to be for a 1st round pick.

We might even be able to trade him after the year on the franchise tag for a pick.

I’m not even saying we need him this year.  But even as depth he’s worth more than a third."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
It doesn't feel like a talent issue. The coverage is just bad.
Minkah has only been targeted 5 times.  The problems in the secondary are not his fault
Is Haden losing a step?
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
here after the fourth TD. THIS MAN IS SUCH A BEAST!!
Consider those hoes stunted upon
Omele du fromage...
That BS opi took away a TD I'm so pissed at that if Eagles come back
"Our meme game is so weak, it’s either super basic or at best just plain theft.

It’s like the opposite of the Steelers."
Ravens shade best shade
"as a diehard Notre Dame fan, I love this timeline."
[removed]
[removed]
“No one tell Claypool he’s good! He’ll leave us for sure!”
nope he’s on my bench
I legit benched him this week after starting him week 2- last week. absolutely pissed but happy for my gut
People wanted dobbins
""
He’s ballin
[removed]
Antonio who?
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
Maybe some words bc I’m lost
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Too bad they played like shit today... but hey a Wins a Win
"A pick that should have been a bat-down. 

4th down and they catch it??? Gave the Eagles 50 yards or something :("
Missing the birthday boy that caused the pick
Minkah Needs to be traded immediately
""
I still remember steelers nation getting angry over that pick.
Sounds like he is the only non running back to ever do it
"""Some."" So who were the rest?"
Not a bad group to be associated with.  (to put it mildly)
[removed]
""
The Wikipedia editor crew must hate NFL fans lol
hol up.. where's the lie?
Judging by the upvotes I’m in the minority but this joke was really old 5 years ago.
"Have to admit, that's pretty funny....."
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"#Philadelphia Eagles at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): FOX

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:38

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Eagles *|7|7|8|7|29|
|Steelers * *|7|10|14|7|38|


Last Play: (:38) B.Roethlisberger kneels to PIT 34 for -1 yards.

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|TD|1|(1:07) C.Claypool left tackle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|1|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|1|(:19) (Shotgun) M.Sanders up the middle for 74 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|1|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|TD|2|(11:56) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to C.Claypool for 32 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|2|(6:21) (Shotgun) J.Driscoll reported in as eligible.  M.Sanders up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|2|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|FG|2|(2:00) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|3|(13:04) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to C.Claypool for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|3|(10:35) J.Conner up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|3|(6:03) (Shotgun) C.Wentz pass short left to G.Ward for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT2|3|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. C.Wentz pass to J.Hightower is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|
|PHI|TD|4|(11:30) (Shotgun) C.Wentz pass short middle to T.Fulgham for 4 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|4|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|TD|4|(3:04) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to C.Claypool for 35 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Eagles | 9 | 84 | 94 | 242 | 20 |
| Steelers | 8 | 86 | 136 | 231 | 25 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
I wish I trusted anything in my life nearly as much as I trust Kevin Colbert drafting wide receivers
Chase Claypool.
Can we get a wellness check on that guy that benched Claypool today?
"Dear Chase, I feel like I can call you Chase because you and me are so alike. I'd like to meet you one day, it would be great to have a catch. I know I can't throw as fast as you but I think you'd be impressed with my speed. I love your hair, you run fast. Did you have a good relationship with your father? Me neither. These are all things we can talk about and more. I know you have not been getting my letters because I know you would write back if you did. I hope you write back this time and we can become good friends. I am sure our relationship would be a real home run."
If you ever feel stupid just know Doug Pederson tried a 57 yard field goal at Heinz Field.
"Folgers? Fullgham? Who the fuck is that? This was far too close but lord almighty we got the dub. Let’s get into it. 

Good:

- Ben Roethlisberger. He’s a gamer man. There’s no way around it. He redirected chase on his 4TH TD right up the middle. Holy Christ it’s good to have the kind back. 

- Mapletron. Welcome to NFL, eh? What a game. A bullshit OPI is what ruined the ultimate day but wow he came to play. Such a weapon, a big bodied dude. That’s tough to defend. We got a good one. 

- Pre snap motion. It’s just a different offense than anything we’ve seen. Even putting claypool in motion draws enough attention. We heard so much about the influence of Matt Canada and we can see that now. Lots of movement

- An offense that converts points off TO’s is such a refreshing change of pace from last year. Getting 7 of Steve’s INT is what helps out so much. We missed that last year; shoutout to big fucking Ben. 

Bad:

- Third down defense. Jfc. Where to begin. We could not get off the field to save our life man. Have got to do better here( that’s the only reason this game was so damn close. Seems like the longer the down and distance the easier it got. So frustrating. 

- Refs. Again pure garbage. On both sides. This was as bad as I’ve seen them man. 

Wasn’t the prettiest but raise your hand if youre 4-0 bitches!!!!! I’ll take the wins any which way we can get them, no easy wins in this league. Fuck you fulgham. 

Claypool > Folgers coffee bitch ass WR

WHO RIDE!?!?"
"The last time the Steelers opened 4-0...

...the Pirates won the World Series"
I'll take the heart attack every week if we keep winning.
Chase Claypool is my dad
Chase Claypool just schlonged their secondary
4-0 baby!
Claypool with 4 TDs but spiritually 5 because the refs stole one from him. Future HOF.
The fact that Claypool looked that good even when facing Slay is really promising. We got a special one right there.
"Alright, straight up, FUCK THESE REFS!
My god, that was pathetic officiating for both sides smfh. 

So, injuries. Idk about y’all, but it’s very concerning to me seeing Ben grabbing his arm. He’s doing the same thing as early in the season last year. 

Dionte has to be smarter with his plays. The guy has the talent, but he fucks up a bit too much. Keep him away from returns too, McCloud is doing better and I don’t want dionte getting injured, which keeps happening unfortunately.

DeCastro got injured again too, and while that fucking sucks too, I’m at least content that our depth seems ok to handle it. Dotson is capable .


Defense was all over the place, and our secondary was getting TORCHED by fulgham. As always, we never seem to coast on games ever lol smh. Last time I felt we coasted was 2018, against the panthers, so like, Steelers, could you please fucking stop with the coasting?!?!?

Alright positives and I only want to talk about one......


CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL!!!!!

MAPLETRON THE GOD


He is a monster my goodness. Utterly dominant"
"Can someone let the officials know that their face masks aren't meant to cover their eyes too?

Anyway, take the W and go 4-0!"
"Claypool with 4 TDs as a rookie despite a phantom OPI call, Steelers with a 4-0 start for the first time in 40 years. Crack a Yuengling and crank Renegade."
"""Perhaps it is now time for the torch of Pennsylvania to be passed to Philadelphia. For Wentz to take up the mantle of Quarterback of the Keystone State.""

*Tuitt sack*

""Then again, perhaps not."""
Claypool is a stud. Our secondary needs a lot of work. Those 3rd and longs were dangerous.
Chase Claypool was so good that even the refs were impressed.
"The reality is, the defense has not begun to tap their potential. We got glimpses of it in the second half of the Texans game. We will need to develop into that type of defense consistently to contend for a title. 

We should be excited that the offense is breaking out. It isn’t complete yet but it’s getting better.

On one hand this is the least impressive 4-0 team I’ve ever seen but they have a tremendous ceiling. 

Remember, in previous years, we play like this and start 2-2 and those two losses come into play late in the year for playoff seeding. 

Look at how many times the patriots started slow and clunky but were  undefeated or only had one loss somewhere around the halfway point and had a huge advantage for seeding. They found ways to win those games. That’s us this year, hopefully. Winning even while we are not hitting on all cylinders, setting ourselves up for something bigger later in the year when every win will absolutely matter for seeding."
Best rookie WR ever!!!
"Let’s worry about the defense tomorrow. 

Today’s all about CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL"
Holy fuck.
"Eagles were a legit team. I know their record doesn’t show it but their defense is absolutely nothing to fuck around with. I’m upset with our secondary, but other than that I don’t have a ton to complain about. At the end of the day a win is a win"
THE EAGLES ARE IN DISMAYPOOL
Worst officiating I've ever seen but a dub is a dub
"Gotta catch a quick nap before work but game was closer than it should have been. Refs did an awful job for both teams but we also had a bunch of dumb calls on our part. Putting Haden on Fulgam happened way too late in the game and we sacrificed the secondary far too much to bring pressure on a quarterback who could get it out quickly and easily thanks to poor coverage. 

Still a win is a win and Claypool showed up big time this week. Onto the Browns unless the COVID-19 gods decide to smite our Week 6. Broke 30 points this week boys.

I'll smoke my victory pre-roll after work to get a really good sleep after my first overnight shift."
"Fuck the Refs, Fuck the Flyers, and Fuck Philadelphia in general. West PA Best PA"
Chase mother fucking Claypool!!!!
Lol do you think Claypool ran out of TD celebrations? 🤔
Raiders just beat KC.
"on the brightside, sanders broke off that 74 yd run ended up with 80 total and 94 as a team."
Jerry Rice wears Chase Claypool pajamas to bed.
I love the delusion over in the eagles sub. They think the refs handed us the game when it was trash calls that benefited both teams.
Defense had an off day and the offense stepped up and bailed them out. Love it
Post the ref picture with the trash can on fire.
"Stat sheet says 4 TD but I saw him in the end zone 5 times...

Letting one WR score that many times is a serious problem.  You’d think after the 2nd TD they would try to lock that shit down.  Pretty embarrassing for Jim Schwartz."
"The NFL has obviously tweaked how the rules are being interpreted by the referees to benefit the offense, so there is more scoring. They pretty much quit calling holding at all, and they've increased the pass interference calls on defense. This is in addition to their usual calling the games in order to keep the score close to make the league appear more competitive than it actually is. Bottom line is the NFL is very poorly run and designed with greed as the number one goal instead of making sure the games are called fairly. If that game was called fairly then the Steelers would have won by at least two touchdowns, but the league doesn't like that scoreline, they attract more viewers and make more money with close games."
Word is that Chase Claypool is being examined for a strain in his back from carrying that entire fucking game
"That was a great game, until it wasn’t, and then it was again. GG’s boys. Now let’s flush the Browns."
Well it was ugly but the offense won a game for what feels like the first time in a long time!
"our defense had some lapses, but the main reason that game was even that close was the refs and their total shit calls. they took at least 2 tds away from us for BS calls.  they were atrocious and if im tomlin, im calling them out post game."
Refs were fucking terrible and they can go fuck themselves but our secondary has to play better. The game threads make the secondary seem much worse than it is but there's definitely been regression.
Sanders had a 74 yard run in the first quarter. He ended the game with 80 yards rushing. 💪
The Pittsburgh Heart Palpitations
CHASE CLAYPOOL DAD DICKED THE IGGLES LONG & HARD.
Mapletron is born.
Chase Claypool can fuck my wife.
"Me: “That’s the scariest movie I’ll watch all October.”

Week 6 Steelers: “Hold my beer.”"
"Ben was solid. Chase Claypool is my new BFF. Defense looked asleep at times, not sure if that is partly due to coming off the unexpected bye week, but at least they looked good on that last Eagles possession. Thank god this wasn't a really good team, or else they would have taken our lunch money today. Gonna be a long stretch from here on out, but if we stay healthy and come to play, I believe in this squad."
"This was one of those games that was bound to happen and will happen again, the defense can't win and/or close out every game. Really happy to see the offense can step up and close things out when they need to."
"The best part of this game was Juju and James Washington going all in on the sticky ball celebration, carrying it all the way back to the side line."
We have the best pass rush in the league not doubt. But what the fuck happened to our secondary?
We gonna talk about Terrell Edmunds being the best player in the secondary today or is the Steelers reddit not ready to have that conversation yet?
"Let’s go boys, maple syrup on me"
"If you don’t like that, you don’t like Steelers football"
Only thing that matters is 4-0 boys.
Wentz isn’t a bad qb so I’m not surprised he got back on track. Just didn’t expect it would be against us
An ugly win is still better than a close loss LFG!
"This was the most anxiety inducing game because all of my friends are Eagles fans. 

... today is a good day."
"Game down to the final few minutes? Blown 3rd down plays on defense? Win by 2 points?

Classic Steelers football. Wins a win and I’m happy with that"
I hope Johnson is okay.
We HAVE to keep juju for claypool if that makes sense. Its a good 1 2 punch.
"Going into the season I knew Chase was tall and fast, but after watching the first game and seeing his body control on the sideline catch I knew he was going to be special.  He has the best body control I've seen since AB in his prime.  He could have easily had a 5th touchdown today."
Chase Claypool
Claypool best WR in his draft class change my mind.
Need a Chase Claypool up vote party!!
Never in doubt bois
My heart can’t take anymore
"On 10/11/2020, Chase ""Big Dick Energy"" Claypool hung 4 TDs on the Philadelphia Eagles, making the first recorded ""stunt on these hoes"" in the 2020 season."
Fuck the refs.
4-0 for the first time in 41 years.
"This is the beginning of the ""Chase Claypool for OROY"" campaign."
Claypool went off! Great game for the rookie.
Petition for Pittsburgh to secede from the US and self-annex to Canada.
Member how we usually lose to bad teams? I'm glad this didn't happen
We’ll never get it but the nfl needs to address the officiating in this game. Piss poor
I wonder how many years of my life I’ve lost being a Steelers fan
Yay we won! FUCK THE REFS
"Claypool is a beast and probably our new #1 in my eyes.


Ben played great and had 0 interceptions. 


Defense didnt get any pressure 

Ebron needs to clean it tf up with the drops (hes a TE though )

And obviously 

FUCK THE REFS"
"Overall nice win although there was a point I thought we were going to lose the gimme game.

Nice to be 4-0 although we haven’t played the ravens yet.

Claypool is great. Idk how the Steelers can always find these wr deep in draft 

The refs were absolutely awful. I feel like there were so many penalties"
"4 and MF 0!!!! 25% perfect, gotta love it.  Not easy to win games in this league but it’s easier with Big Ben.  Keep flying under the radar of the rest of the AFC.  I like it."
I wonder how much Travis Fulgham going off had to do with Zach Ertz catching 1 pass for 6 yards.
"5 sacks, 21 QB hits. Best Steelers front 7 since 2010."
My opponent started Claypool this week. Pray for me.
"Without a doubt the defense needs to play better. Putting teams in 3rd and long is supposed to be a GOOD thing for the defense, but we can never execute in those situations. I hope Butler or Tomlin starts to address this shit, but idk. 

Ben and Mapletron carried this fucking offense today. Both solid performances. I'm so damn happy about Claypool and that we have him on our team. He's going to be great and I can't wait to watch his career."
"I'm happy Ben is playing so well, and Chase was amazing, but our defense is scaring me a bit."
"Once, just once, i would like us to put away a team by the end of the third quarter so I can unclench my fist before the game is over.

I know I'm asking for a lot but my heart ain't getting any younger!"
"Some of the Steeler fans on twitter are so insufferable. People like Mark Madden and company will go to any lengths to trash the Steelers regardless of success. It’s almost like these people aren’t fans at all. Do we have some work to do on the back end of the secondary? Absolutely. It’s early in the season, every team has things to work on. It’s like if this team isn’t absolutely perfect every Sunday they complain regardless of outcome and then trash the fans that are actually excited about the win and the great game some of our players had."
4-0 BITCHES
Lfg!!!
Did Vilma watch the game? We really couldn't run the ball worth a shit.
Mapletron good
4-0!!! Just need DJ to stop breaking himself and our Receiver corps is gonna be unstoppable.
Welcome to the Al Bundy club Chase Claypool.
"This game gave me a killer headache, wtf is wrong with this defense?"
This was the first game where the defense let us down and Ben had to step up and win it
"Happy Cake Day, TJ!"
Now let's watch the Raiders trying to win and the Browns game
"if the raiders make this first, KC loses."
Mother fucking Chase Claypool. League is on notice now
What the fuck happened in the Chiefs game?
West side best side. That is all.
"I love this team, but watching them play is stressful as hell. It'd be nice to have a few games that're guaranteed wins."
This Claypool guy might be good at football
My friend cowboys fan hasn’t seen if of our games just asked me is we could go undefeated this year. Had to do a spit take.
"Guys, I don't want to overreact, but we're going to win the next 3 Superbowls."
"Watching this from over in Melbourne and stayed awake until 4am for it, Claypool's effort made it all worth. May just stay awake to watch the other games now I'm that amped!"
I never thought I wouldn’t see days of our steelers in my inbox by week 5 😂
Wonder what was said to juju to get him so upset when he was on the ground
"Since we won, I can say this: it was kinda nice for the hometown guy to score, even if he was playing for the enemy."
"I feel like the Offense bailed out the defense today

Hard fought game, great W."
You can't guard Chase Claypool. The secret service couldn't guard Chase Claypool.
Some of y’all are so fucking cancerous in the game threads man.
"Y’all gotta realize that the refs kept the eagles in that game. Eagles are tough, but every team plays the Steelers like it’s their Super Bowl. The Steelers weathered the storm and kept pushing forward. The biggest takeaway from this game is that the refs need to be reviewed weekly and evaluated and penalized for terrible calls."
"Nothing is as miserable as the game threads. Guys, people are going to score against us. People are going to make bad plays. Refs are going to mess up calls. Please stop overreacting to everything. When we let up a TD there is at least 10 comments saying the Steelers are going to lose the rest of the season. Relax people!"
I will stop saying Clay Chasepool. I promise !!!! 🏈🏈🏈🏈
Dak Prescott just had one of the worst ankle breaks I've ever seen.
"Of course the week i drop Claypool due to lack of usage, he pops off for 4TDs and Johnson gets hurt again"
Steven Nelson and Minkah seem like they are regressing in year 2 with Pittsburgh. Almost like they had good talent last year and then they realized they are on the Steelers and our secondary is a sieve half the time. Minkah especially. Where is his aggressiveness he had last year? Our scheme has him just sitting in zone.
We want Myles Garrett!!!!
That was almost terrible
Not a great win but we take em where we can get em. 4-0 is huge. Let’s hope they figure out why Wentz was able to move the ball so easily. Hope some of you guys can chill and enjoy the entertainment. We won’t go undefeated just so y’all can’t maybe have better expectations
We are on our wayyyy!!! Here we go! 🖤💛🖤💛🖤💛
That was a butt clencher.
Offense needs to be more aggressive. Defense needs coaching?
"I missed the second half. Can someone summarise in 10 words or less, or as a haiku poem? Cheers.

Also, I'm on my phone with shit signal so I can't check stats. What did Claypool finish on?"
Claypool is my first child's name now. 😂
I love crunching out these wins
I missed seeing the TD pass to Pouncey.
"Watt’s injury really affected the secondary. Without him firing on all cylinders, we’re an above average unit. With Watt, we’re top tier. Hope he can heal up"
"Beautiful W, although I’m concerned about Ben’s deep ball. He’s been overthrowing everyone this year."
He could. I’d give him 4 years.
Chase is AB + Plax
Was hargrave in this game I remember he signed with the eagles did he do anything in this game? He said he wanted to sack ben lol.
"I couldn’t watch the game, how were the Ref’s terrible?"
Big Ben is quietly having a great season. 10td to 1int and #7 in the NFL. He's played 1 less game than most other qb on the list. Past years I feel he's thrown more ints
"Great Sunday for us. 

Now I'm wondering who had it worst today? 9ers, Vikings or Cowboys fans? I'm leaning towards Cowboys. I wish Dak a speedy recovery."
"Is it just me, or is it a guarantee that we blitz, when Hilton and Edmunds both line up over the slot? Seems way too predictable."
"Gotta tighten up that 3rd down defense bigtime. This team has given up so many 3rd and extra longs it's gonna lead me to an early grave.

They blitz on 1st and 2nd downs getting them to the 3rd and longs, then come 3rd down the don't blitz and they drop into a soft zone, the pass rush doesn't get there in time and there's always someone wide the fuck open. 

This team is built to play man defense. I know why they're doing it, when you play man all defenders backs are to the QB who can then take off and run. They've played a bunch of QB's capable of a decent run. 

But to treat the likes of Carson Wentz like he's god damn Lamar Jackson is ridiculous. Blitz on 3rd downs! Play man on man! Get off the fucking field!"
Finally home after my first shift and gonna smoke that victory pre-roll. Cheers!
I love that we won and I'm glad to know we have a new stud WR. However I'm pissed at myself for benching him in all my fantasy leagues...
I’m tired of clenching my butt but I’m not tired of winning
"Missed the end of the game last night due to family obligations(Canadian thanksgiving), did Watt come back in the game? Is the injury serious or will he play next week?"
If the second half of the Texans game gave me confidence in our defense. This game did the opposite. We have the talent to win the superbowl but we are being held back by two subpar coordinators.
What a wild 180 from defensive to offensive powerhouse. Why can't we just have both in one game? Whatever a dubs a dub lmao
I say it every week. This team takes YEARS off my life.
"I don't get why people are so mad when people point out that Minkah is regressing.

He was a DPOY candidate last year and looked like the best safety in the damn game. He looks nothing like that this year. It doesn't mean he's not good anymore but he's definitely not that so far."
Cowboys fan here in peace; why the fuck was y’all safety ejected after just one helmet to helmet hit? There was no ejection called by the refs. I learned from the dude who announces the red zone channel and was like what the hell.
Damn Fullcum really destroyed our secondary today. Also most of those PI calls were absolute BS and ruined my enjoyment of the game. Wentz sucks ass. I was hoping they would keep hurts in the game. BUT holy fuck Mapletron is good. Im really happy for him today. My dad is an eagles fan so ive been texting him shit all day.
Can we get a new Offensive Coordinator? His play calling is painfully obvious. Thank goodness Ben is playing like an All Pro.
"In the battle of PA, the fascists lose. Well done, boys. Fuck the refs. Fuck fascism."
"JuJu, thanks for everything, but I think Claypool will make you expendable heading into next year"
"NFC LEAST. Is so bad. Why do I even hope the eagles could beat yall. Ravens will of course win this division, but I really wish it didn't have to be this way. Sweeping the division in order to win the division is distasteful to say the least. It really looking it will have to be the Ravens to set yall selves  straight 🙄"
Great start to the season the team looks really good and mostly complete. Things are looking really up.
ALS can go f*** itself. Hopefully there is a cure after the Ice Bucket challenges.
""
""
*5 TDs
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[removed]
""
Oh and he's got the jokes as well?
🇨🇦 Chase Claypool holy shit
"Death, taxes, and the steelers finding really good under the radar WRs"
"Seeing Big Ben peak too his left before Claypools 4th TD, like “did these fuckers just put a linebacker on this grown man."
Gaaaaaahhhdddd that’s badass
He caught 7 of 11 targets too.
Stop stop my penis can only get so erect
"I love to say I told you so, r/steelers. I remember a post about 2 months ago asking what his realistic expectations are, and I was the only one seriously giving him WR2 level stats. This guy is a STUD, and is the type of sure hands, go-up-and-get-it WR we haven't had since Hines Ward retired."
This is the way...........
Take my up vote.  Well done.  Shamelessly stealing this.
Welp *unzips*
"I really don’t get it. How the hell the Steelers always get some top WR through draft? 

From Hines Ward to Antonio Brown to Juju and now Chase Claypool. 

Meanwhile my team(Colts) cant draft a good WR even if Irsay’s life depended on it"
They got free WiFi too
4 TDs!!!!!
"No offense, but...7/11 is called that cuz it's only open from 7am to 11pm. Not always."
[deleted]
It’s really too bad those 2019.5 receivers were a complete bust
"Damn, it’s a shame that we had to wait so long for a gem before we drafted Dionte in 2019. The last great one was James Washington all the way back in 2018 and Juju in 2017."
Limas Sweed X\_X
As is tradition
You guys remember running on the opponents 40 yard line down by 9 with 3 minutes left after a huge turnover? I miss the 90s
And juju b4 that
I haven’t seen a game like that since the 1966 Chicago City Championship where Polk High beat Andrew Johnson high and old Sparetire got run over.
This is the way
"Sorry...

 Said absolutely fucking nobody!!!!!!!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
""
[removed]
""
"Bonus - I forgot, [we actually signed Ed O'Neill as an UDFA in 1969](https://www.albundyquotes.com/blogs/news/178581895-the-legend-of-al-bundy-and-how-the-steelers-actually-signed-ed-oneill)."
[deleted]
"5 weeks into the season now and Minkah Fitzpatrick has been all but a complete ghost. His only notable play today was once again not wrapping up and bouncing off of a receiver like he did with Jerry Jeudy in the Denver game. 

Minkah has not made any notable splash play or impact since the beginning of the 2nd half of last season. 

The excuse was always “well quarterbacks dont target him!” but as we saw today, that doesn’t work anymore. He literally stood in the end zone and watched a touchdown 5 feet from him. 

I never see him playing deep (thought that was his main job?) and have never seen him so much as break up a pass or save a first down. 

Is he being schemed out of the game by every single team’s offensive coordinator? Are we simply not using him right anymore?

He is the only top tier safety in the NFL without a single notable play this season, so far. 

What do you guys think?"
He's been targeted like 5 times this entire season that's what you wanna hear from a game changing safety
"That TD in the endzone he was lined up on the other side of the formation, no way that was his responsibility. You all are fucking crazy if you think someone’s who only notable play is missing a tackle. Do you fuckers remember Mike Mitchell, and Artie Burns? Like just because he’s not getting picks doesn’t mean he’s playing bad"
No. No we don't need to talk about him. Every player is going to have plays where you can complain about them. Minkah has rarely made those. Dudes a great player.
He’s been fine.
There's obviously no excuse for a missed tackle but otherwise it's just a result of scheme. Nearly every snap Minkah is single high with Edmunds in the box. Minkah drifts to one side and the ball pretty much never goes that way. What else can he do?
"He never gets targeted. Teams are smart. After a great season last year they’re finding ways to avoid him. It’s annoying seeing somebody miss an easy tackle, and I wish he could ballhawk more, but he’s not getting the opportunities. Pay close attention when our defense is on the field. Try to count how many times opposing QBs throw into Minkah’s coverage. It hardly happens. They target Edmunds and the outside corners without fail, but usually stray away from Minkah’s zone.

Edit: just to clarify some of my wording, opposing QBs definitely fail plenty when targeting our corners. I just meant that’s usually who they’re targeting, not Minkah."
He's basically eliminated the ability to throw to whatever part of the field he is on. When QBs aren't throwing the ball into the part of the field you're defending it's really fucking hard to make a splash play.
"So... you want him to make plays when the ball is almost never throw to him or around him?

&#x200B;

Please learn to watch the game, this topic comes up near daily here and its always the same answer.  You just don't WANT to hear it apparently."
If you haven't watched the all-22 (which IDK if it is even out) then shut up.
"Dude, TD are going to happen. No defense is perfect. We are 4-0, not sure why you’re bitching."
Do you notice that he is nowhere near the ball on nearly every passing play? Might be a reason for that...
Ok... so let’s just cut him then since he’s so trash
"He was a lot more free last season.

The biggest play happened because the darling of this sun couldn’t tackle."
"Minkah has be beat on a deep ball, what once this season? Sorry, the safeties job is to defend the deep ball right?"
"After further conclusion, Minkah says you’re wrong."
"Be careful, he might ask for a trade ;)"
""
"Not just the cornerbacks, but the safeties and linebackers too"
Hello there
This meme could also work with Fulgham and our defense :(
""
Claypool emerging will hopefully just get Juju open more. There's no doubt in my mind Ben trusts Juju's hands more than anyone else
Another receiver having a big game will likely be a net positive for JuJu because it will result in fewer double covers for him.
Man I really don't want to lose Juju but we've got 4 really good receivers now and you can't keep everyone.
The tide is rising
"The way I see it, Claypool is proving himself to be WR#1 material which will allow the front office to cut Juju next season. Especially since we need to keep Minkah and TJ."
""
""
Baby Terminator.
""
How lucky are we to have an organization that's only had 3 head coaches since the 60's?
We have the best coach
""
I still honestly have no idea how good the steelers actually are
"Yay were 4 and 0.  People in Pittsburgh-""Fire Tomlin""."
"Our front 7 is stellar. Our secondary is In question. With our run defense being so good I think it will help us with the ravens but we need Haden, minkah and Nelson to return to their form from last year. Nelson had two picks today but he’s been getting burned way more often than last year"
We're better than the Titans and Seahawks
Scared my dog when I cursed out the refs on Tv on that bulls hit call on Claypool.
It's hard to judge anything about the defense when pass interference is determined by a random number generator and O-lineman literally tackling TJ Watt on almost every play is 100% legal.
This is a solid team. Takes a bit to get going when the QB was out for a year and you get an unexpected week off while rolling strong with a 3 game win streak.
"We do usually come off the bye looking shaky, and shitty Eagles teams have pulled a w out against us in the past so I'll take this, ugly as it was"
"They don't ask how, they ask how many. 4-0 is 4-0. Enjoy it."
"I don't worry about the fact that our wins are against bad teams. The way this team works under Tomlin, we will struggle big time against a team that should be an easy W, and oftentimes lose it. Then the next week we play one of the best teams in the league and beat them. So to me you can't judge us based on our competition too much. At the end of the day we're 4-0, and I have a lot of confidence in our defense to stop anybody, and I think our offense is just going to get better and better every week."
""
"Steelers secondary: ""Have you ever heard of Travis Fulgham?""

NFL: ""No""

Steelers secondary: ""Would you like to?"""
[deleted]
[deleted]
My poor dog hides from me during the game 😐😐I get a little emotional lol
""
"Ed O’Neil, the actor that played Al Bundy actually played for the Steelers (for one training camp)"
It's all I could think of
