text
""
[deleted]
6/10 top posts on that sub were about us yesterday but that's the unbeaten bullseye for ya
This is honestly the game I am most worried about.  Let’s hope we don’t play down to their level and just dominate them from start to finish
"""Tomlin has a long career ahead.""

*yinzers and racists nervously watching*"
The Anti-Tomlin gang is in shambles rn.
But he DoEsN’t PrEpArE hIs TeAm and CaN’t MaKe AdJuStMeNtS
The Patriots are hot garbage without their QB. Does that make Tomlin the best coach in the league? Don't say Andy Reid. We know his history before Pat Mahomes.
[removed]
What are you even talking about you spud?
[deleted]
[removed]
"&#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/fx58sd3s11x51.jpg?width=480&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=eae02ec7366fd6ae0793c31bd01e800d6563ec39"
""
Still waiting for the new episode
[deleted]
Can't wait to see who he brings on his show this week! I love these!
""
The standard for shirts is the standard. Obviously.
Looks great but it needs aviators
"Idk, I don't see Mike T when I look at that."
"I have that shirt also, one of then greats"
"I like it!!

Today, I just have on a black sweatshirt and I happened to spill a dab of mustard on it this morning. That'll have to do for today since my Steelers hoodie is in the laundry hamper."
"I don't like to paint with a broad brush, but in general terms I really like that shirt."
I wear my Steelers gear with pride in MD. When I moved here I was surprised at the number of Steelers fans! I’m only 45 minutes from Baltimore.
"We respect the t-shirt, but don't fear it."
Add the aviators and post a link to sell in this sub. You will get A LOT of orders.
"I was rocking my color rush Juju jersey around Hunt Valley, actually saw someone else in a #19 too!"
I live in Gambrills and wear my Steelers gear daily.  A lot of Western PA transplants here.
Where’d you get that? That shirt is dope!
That’s a great shirt. Needs a cart and things of that nature
That's great!  I am in my second Steelers pull over of the week today as well.
Was 1978 Hulk Hogan a Steeler fan?
Fellow MD Steeler fan here! I'm working from home so I have to smack talk over Microsoft Teams
Here's a man who doesn't drive carts.
You clearly don't live in your fears and things of that nature
I doubt anyone outside of Steeler's fans will know what's on your shirt though.
I need this shirt. Where’d you get it?
"There was a play late in the game where Ben made a few audibles and the WRs on the right side of the field had no clue what the play was. It ended up being a completion to the left side. 

If I’m remembering right Romo made a joke that went along the lines of (paraphrasing): 

WRs: what’s the play?! what’s the play?!

Ben: DOESN’T MATTER! HUT HUT!"
It was obvious too because the receivers on the right side just didn't move at the snap.
That was pretty much what he said.
Would have been hilarious if that's what he said
"I wasn't able to find the clip you're asking for, but I did find a [compilation video of Ben's pre-snap cadences](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv2GXZKghlw), which I thought was interesting to watch."
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser-known players you think will have an impact.

If you are a fan of the opposing team, feel free to add in your two cents about the same topics above and/or ask us about the Steelers."
So Dallas doesnt have a punter this week...
"Being undefeated 7-0 is the first in a lifetime for me, as a fan and pittsburgh native. It’s amazing in fact. BUT... I hope that we lose a game or two before the season ends. I don’t want to be 16-0 in the playoffs, solely due to superstition and national expectations. That gets to players’ heads and egos. This is gonna be such an unpopular opinion, but i think we need a loss or two (**NONE IN OUR DIVISION PLS**) to make it mentally throughout the season and post season. Peace and love. Here we go, let’s get it, Stillers!"
[removed]
"Dallas is terrible so I expect this to come down to the wire. Getting Van Der Esch back was a big lift for their D, too."
This is going to be one of those games I'm more terrified about us losing than last week's.
Looks like we are going to be facing off against the Orlando Apollos 2019 starting QB Garrett Gilbert this weekend boys.... If we lose to him or Cooper Rush idk if we deserve to be in the playoffs lol
Y’all don’t understand. We are truly awful. Ben may throw for 7 TDs. Invest in JuJu and Claypool stock now!
"I'm not worried about our run defense. I think 265 yards was a result of the gameplan being that way and losing several key run stoppers. I think we can stop Zeke with the way that O line has been playing. 

Regardless of the starting QB, I think we blitz the hell out of them and make that pocket collapse easily. Their WRs will be a tough matchup considering Gallup, Amari, and even 💿 have all been good but if we blitz well enough I think our secondary can cover htem well enough.

Cowboys defense was really good against the Eagles. I don't know how much of that is just them playing well vs Wentz giving up so many turnovers but I think Ben will put up good stats against them. The Dallas run D is abyssmal though so I hope we use our running backs against them well enough."
Steelers ready should win this by at least two scores.
I want so badly to be lured into the false sense of security that this game will be easy. But I haven’t forgotten how Mike robbed us of our 7th Super Bowl :(
"Im concerned that we’re gonna be missing 2 starting D-Linemen against a good RB and a potentially run heavy offense after our D struggled to stop the run Sunday. 

Also the ole song and dance about playing down to bad opponents."
"It's going to be a close game. We've had a few tough, physical, emotional wins in a row not to mention a several significant injuries going into this game. It's only natural for the team to let down a little bit but I still think we have too much talent for Dallas to handle in their current state. 

21-17 Steelers."
I started watching the NFL in 2018 and having watched this Steelers team through the 2020 season I finally found the team to root for every week in the AFC! Go Steelers!
"I know there are a lot of jokes about Pittsburgh playing down to their competition, but I really think Dallas is going to get blown out of the water in this one.  

Who do y'all think will be the biggest play makers for the Steelers this week? I'm thinking Conner will have a pretty good game, considering how bad our run defense is. They had arguably their best game against the Eagles (doesn't say much, I know), but the Steelers offense will be a bigger challenge. Should I even mention the cliff the Cowboys offense has fallen off of?"
Do not underestimate our ability to steeler. We almost did it against Philly can’t imagine we don’t do it here
"Congratulations on the easy win this week, steelers fans! Please try not to hurt anyone, and let's have some fun.

We might get a little wild with the play calling on offense, which could be entertaining to watch!"
"First off you guys are hilarious thinking this is some 'trap game' 

Your defense is going up against a 3rd string LT, 2nd string 4th round pick C, and 2nd string rookie free agent RT and a defense up until playing Carson Wentz last week that was on pace to be one of the most historically awful defenses of all time.

Also Ive been following the Steelers a lot this year because of Claypool.  He is from around where I'm from and my mom is good friends with his grandma lol.  I remember watching notre dame games when he was a freshman excited to see him making special teams tackles (dude is a special teams beast!)  so its very exciting to see him doing well. Hes an extremely good kid and easy to cheer for."
"Let’s hope we are all healthy, I hate seeing people get injured and it hurts even worse when it’s a meaningless smackdown"
"We're playing a patchwork offense, and awful defense and a high school QB... Steelers gonna win 17-14 and it'll be miserable to watch."
Cowboys are thinking of brining up a practice squad QB to play.
"I dunno ... I mean this might be the year that the Steelers don't actually do much Steelering at all.

Y'know?"
WOOOO FUCKING HOO for a 4pm game. In korea I have been waking up at 2am all season to watch the early games. Thank god for some later games.
So are we gonna see Gucci DiNucci or the red rocket?
[deleted]
"Dallas Fan here. 

Taking bets on how many snaps before you guys KO another one of my QBs? 

Also because of the 'Steelers play down to their opponents' and 'Dallas needlessly over performs' fears, I expect us to still lose but some how cling to a tight game as if Jerry is forcing torture upon the fan base by threatening the Organic Tanking that this season has turned into. 

Few things of note:

- ~~Andy Dalton is likely to be back. Don't count on seeing Ben 'da hoochie' DiNucci.~~ [Haha! I'm in Danger! - Ben DiNucci](https://www.espn.com/espn/now?nowId=21-41102855-4) 

- We have Zack Martin. Unlike your name is Ezekiel Elliott, every run play will likely be behind Zack Martin. Want to counter the run? Nullify where ever Zack is at. 

- Terrence Steele is still our Right Tackle. Line up the biggest meanest dawg you got on his side and you'll get 4 to 8 sacks.

- Dalton cannot scramble. Please don't break him, we will be left with Garrett Gilbert or Ben 'Da Booty' DiNucci if you do...

- Amari disappointed last game. He may light it up this game. Be aware of that. 

- Tony Pollard will be our best RB because something is off with Zeke. Need to set edges with him, he's very good in space. He will absolutely fuck something up on a special teams play though...  just wait...

- Defense: what Defense? We don't have a defense!

- Trevon Diggs has around 7 dropped picks and 2 full picks. Be aware that he is playing the ball a lot and may break out. 

- With that said, since Diggs is ball hunting, he looks back early enough that he slows up and this allows receivers to pull away. Keep that in mind on deep routes. 

- be like every other team we've faced and run away from D-law's side. You'll get rushing yards a result. He may not get sacks but he is a monster in stopping the run. 

- the X-Factor: Randy Gregory looked decent. It's not like the Eagles O-line was a test of anything prolific but he looked decent for finally getting more than 6 snaps. Aldon Smith is probably hurt but those two have something to prove and they may 'play up' to the challenge. 

- Sean Lee is playing."
"Simple. We go in trying to actually win this game from the start then we win easily. Do simple things like wrap-up, dont fumble, stay on your assignments on defense and this is an easy W. 

This scream trap game but at the same time I feel this team is different this year and they arent taking anything for granted."
"Cowboys fan here, Dinucci is starting. Please just keep our guys healthy and I wish the same for y’all as well. Best case scenario is both teams come out healthy after this weekend, you guys will absolutely slaughter us and I don’t think we will score a point apart from a field goal, so health is the only win I’m hopeful of for us this weekend"
To the players. All the players. Both teams.
Would it be terrible to ask the football gods to get ahead early and let our starters rest?
"Please use this thread to post any trash talk about next week's opponent. Some people from their sub may come here to do the same, so please:

**DO NOT DOWNVOTE VISITORS FOR USING THIS POST CORRECTLY. IT'S A TRASH TALK THREAD.**"
"I mean, what can I really say here? Go ahead and call the coroner, this is going to be a murder scene"
I don’t like the Steelers... that’s all I got(also I’m kinda lying your defense is fun to watch)
How is it that a team can be so bad that I actually feel bad trash talking them?
"I’m not saying anything because well, bad juju lol"
Can't wait to turn this game off at halftime too!
Mike McCarthy is very not good at coaching
How does one trash that which is already trash?
If Our unbeaten streak ends this week I will eat a can of beets.
"What's the matter Cowboys, can't handle my garbage mouth?"
"Who do you think is more scared? Dalton, on the prospect of getting healthy in time to face the defense that has had his number since he entered the league, or the kid who went to Pine Richland and is probably all too familiar with what happens to rookies who face our defense?"
Congrats on the 8-0 record
Prayers for DiNucci. He's going to need them.
"Don't fuck up our tank! We're getting a top-3 pick, goddammit."
Can we just replay the 2016 Cowboys vs Steelers game instead?
I’m not even going to talk it’s kinda sad
Jason Garrett has been more impressive than Mike McCarthy
"Your quarterback's resume is ""former backup to nathan peterman, lost his job to Kenny Pickett"""
does that also mean free talk? cause....I never thought BB was this massive sith lord genius everyone has made him out to be. I firmly believe all his success was based on......ugh I HATE to say it...Brady...
Can Steel Beams crush an actual cowboy? Find out live Sunday!
"What can I say, the Cowboys are gonna put up absolutely zero resistance. Our only hope is if Ben is bored due to that fact. Lol

In all seriousness, enjoy 8-0."
The game is still 5 days away and its already GG
"Can't wait for Cowboys to fly all the way to Pittsburgh just to kick a field goal



Assuming we can get the ball down the field to get in FG position


Edit: Nevermind Cowboys are at home But point still stands"
"The Steelers are going to have themselves a field day. Get the job done early, pound the rock. Get the starters out 4th quarter."
@all the cowboys fans you're supposed to roast us not your own team
"I’m jealous of your coach, your front office, your defense, your many things. 

RIVALRY!"
This thread will age very poorly if the win streak ends.
"I love that “America’s Team” hasn’t appeared in a conference championship game in 24 seasons, probably 25 by the end of this one. The only teams with a longer CCG drought are the:

* Bills (26)

* Dolphins (27)

* Browns (27)

* Lions (28)

* WFT (28)

* Bungles (31)

Great company to be in for “America’s Team!”"
Nah...this is just mean at this point.
Cowboys might start practice squad qb Cooper rush. Wtf is a cooper rush. Is it a new Gatorade flavor. Is it a particularly gnarly section of the white water rapids on the yough river. Help me.
I've got nothing.
"I mean ... y'all are Dallas.    We're Pittsburgh.    We hate each other.    But goddamn I feel kind of bad about talking trash to you guys right now.

🤷‍♀️"
[deleted]
[removed]
No one worth listening to thinks this is going to happen
"I was about to rant at you but yeah, agreed. If it was up to the average Steelers fan we would have to skip the draft every year because we would have traded everyone away."
Sutton showed himself as a pretty good #2 CB option with Hilton out the last two games... I think we are fine on our corner depth for now.
Gilmore would be cool but our defense is already excellent. Our biggest need for depth is inside linebacker and they already addressed that. You can never have too many good receivers (as anyone who watched the 2017 AFCCG game can attest to). Especially with DJ seemingly always being banged up.
The mark maddens of the world hate him because he doesn’t “shut up and play football” and bc he posts on social media. They don’t want athletes to be people just tools of entertainment.
""
"#Cowboys
* 7th in Yards per game
* 1st in Passing Yards per game
* 21st in Rushing Yards per game
* 24th in Points per game
* 25th in QB Rating
* 8th in Interceptions thrown
* 22nd in Comp %
* 5th in Sacks allowed (25)

Sacks allowed last week = 4 (vs. Eagles)

#Steelers 
* 5th in Defensive Yards per Game
* 7th in Passing Yards allowed per Game
* 5th in Rushing Yards allowed per Game
* 6th in Points allowed per Game
* 3rd in QB Rating
* 3rd in Interceptions
* 1st in Comp% Allowed
* 1st in Total Sacks (30)

This Season
1. Giants - 3
2. Broncos - 7
3. Texans - 5 (Wrong)
5. Eagles - 5 (Correct)
6. Browns - 4 (Correct)
7. Titans - 2 (Wrong)
8. Ravens - 4 (Correct)

Andy Dalton is planned to return this week (concussion)

No.1 PASSING OFFENSE VS NO.1 PASS RUSH

Edit:

#Cowboys since Dak got Injured (last 3 weeks)

250 Total Y/G (31st)

146 Passing Y/G (31st)

104.3 Rushing Y/G (19th)

1 Passing TD (30th)

58.9 (would be 32nd)

3 INTs (20th)

66/117 56% (29th)

13 Sacks (1st)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jne7dc)"
I think we get a whole lot more but I’m legally obligated to predict 5 every week. 5
"Im unironically going 7-8. The Cowboys have the most pass attempts, giving our boys plenty of chances"
All I know is I'm taking the over in Conner rushing yards.
I know it's impossible but I'll vote ∞ every time.
"Against this dog shit OL and 3rd string UDFA rookie QB from an FCS school, anything below infinity is selling the Steelers short"
"If we could get 6 sacks this game, we have a very real possibility of breaking the record"
I think that #1 passing offense is a result of Dak absolutely playing out of his mind. DiNucci and Dalton have not been very good and I think the Cowboys haven't scored any TDs in the few games. But I still wouldn't underrate them.
This time I'm 5 or 6 sacks
""
"“We will let their participation in practice throughout the week guide our decision. I don’t want to paint with a broad brush regarding their injuries, but such is life in the National Football League.”"
Honestly I would just rest them against the Cowboys
Let Buggs have more time. TJ and Bud with rotating LBs should be plenty enough front 7 defense for Sunday
"What exactly is Hilton's injury again?

Edit: nvm found it. Shoulder injury for anyone else that couldn't remember."
Anything can happen in the NFL but I think it would be smart to maybe sit Heyward no matter what this week. Get him healthy for the 2nd half of the year. I’m not underestimating the cowboys however I feel confident we can win without him.
"Id rather take a loss to rhe cowboys, than lose Heyward or Alualu to a serious injury...
rest them."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"This is an easy out for Tomlin.  He probably needs a few weeks to learn the defense before he can even be considered to start, and with Spillane becoming a fan favorite, there’s no benefit to saying anything otherwise right now.  Let him learn the playbook and ease himself in.  I see him starting within 4 weeks."
Wonder how bad Gilbert is hurt.
"4-3 look will expand, guaranteed."
"all I know about Williamson is he is currently an 83 overall in Madden, it would be amazing if he was actually that good in real NFL games"
bro i’m ready to watch this defense crank it the fuck up in honor of D Bush
Will Fitzpatrick get the backup green dot?
Hopefully he can get some quality snaps with the defense against Dallas to get into the mix.
""
"Power rankings don't really matter. It doesn't diminish how great we've been as a team. 

With that being said, I would definitely not fault someone for putting the Chiefs above us. Both teams I'd say are neck and neck for number one."
We don't care about power rankings and things of that nature.
"Dude we could beat the in their prime 72 dolphins, prime 07 Pats, and prime 85 Bears all in back to back weeks and they would still say we haven’t played anyone good lmao"
"1.) Who cares about power rankings?

2.) The Chiefs are fucking SCARY dude...them being number 1 is not surprising at all."
"You realize that power rankings are about more than record and schedule, right? Even as a Steelers fan, I wouldn't put money on us if we were playing them tomorrow."
For the millionth time: it do not matter
"The Steelers have a better record but the Chiefs are the better team plain and simple IMO. When they win, they dominate. They’ve got the best point differential in the NFL. It’s definitely no sleight to the Steelers to be #2 to the reigning Super Bowl champs. It’ll be a good game if they meet in the playoffs."
They are the defending Super Bowl champs...
I have said this in other conversation but I want to be undefeated and underrated. The chiefs are an excellent team. Let them have the #1 power ranking target on their back as long as possible.
"To be the best, you gotta beat the best. They are Super Bowl champs, they get the nod."
Chiefs are 7-1 as defending champs with no major injuries returning almost their full roster. They are number 1 until there's a 2 game difference as far as I'm concerned.
Beating the Jets was so much more of an accomplishment than beating the Ravens on the road. /s
""
[deleted]
"This is almost meaningless, it can take over a week for someone who's infected to actually show positive on a test. That's how these positives keep sneaking in despite daily testing of players."
Isn’t the incubation period something like 2-14 days though?
Geez...it’s almost as if wearing masks and social distancing WORKS...who’d a thunk it?
I might be wrong but I swear that Humphrey was listed as questionable with an illness before the game.
"This means nothing. The tests were done yesterday, not even 24hrs after the game"
Good news is there’s been no evidence of on field transmissions
[deleted]
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jneo92)"
""
"""What do ya mean you're worried about me?""

>table full of empty IC light cans

Yep I related to that one"
"> ""Well, you know, the sun's been on the decline, only got about 5 billion good years left, let's talk when they play a black hole.""

Fuck too real. Beat the Ravens at home coming off a bye with a lackluster performance. Ben's got a 5 TD 300+ yard game coming still this season. Have they never seen this team? This is us heating up and stumbling along the way. November is here, winter is coming, the Kings in da Norf have reclaimed their crown. Just got to shine it up a bit."
That ending! Fucking perfect.
This was the best one yet!
Always hilarious 😂
His content is good. I just wish he had a better accent. My fake Pittsburgh accent is better than his real Pittsburgh accent.
"[https://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2020/11/03/juju-smith-schuster-fined-nfl-game-socks/](https://pittsburgh.cbslocal.com/2020/11/03/juju-smith-schuster-fined-nfl-game-socks/)

Seems like a bit much but ok NFL."
Didn't DeAngelo Williams get one of these fines for most of the season when he kept wearing the pink cleats or something?  These small fines are just an eyesore when it becomes news.
So dumb. Meanwhile Melvin Gordon from Denver could still play after getting a DUI
Great another off the field problem by juju smith schuester /s
"“Your stockings failed to cover your lower leg”

What is this Victorian England? Will he get find because his corset isn’t tight enough next?"
The picture showed has Titans players in the background not wearing socks correctly...
There’s someone who works for the NFL who has the job of making sure people are wearing the correct socks. Imagine having that listed in your job description.
We’re back to this shit again? Come on
"“Disgusting! Juju is clearly affected by AB. I told everyone he was a problem!”

-Mark Madden, probably"
Haha that seems....useless.
The NFL must really be hurting for revenue
"(record scratch) the fuck??????????


Edit: this was during the Titans game. What in the actual fuck? Aside from it being a rule what purpose does having your sock cover your lower leg do?"
Why not just make the pants go below the knee rather than demand the socks be thigh high.
Oh great....here comes the drama!!!     /s
Thank God. I could barely even focus on the game because of their socks. /s
Fines are a means for the league to recoup a % of salaries. They’re petty as it can be
"I feel this is a beyond stupid rule, but in any case the Titans players [HERE](https://imgur.com/a/VCFbTSZ) should be receiving fines as well."
""
"We'd like to acknowledge what's going on in our country today and encourage everyone to vote. However, we'd also like this to serve as a reminder that we do not allow political discussion in this subreddit, so please take that elsewhere."
Dan Rooney was a huge Obama guy.
🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Nonexistent? Who would we be sitting to play him?
0 he’s expensive and the Steelers don’t really need him.
What would have to be given up?
There is zero chance
Gonna go on a limb and say 0% chance
"He’s the face of the franchise in Houston, and they’ve flat out said “Everyone is available (for trade) except for Watson and Watt.”

So, not great."
"100%

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

That we don't"
Nil to one in a nillion.
"It’s a fun idea, but he’s an expense. Probably lands elsewhere"
0
None. Texans won't trade him and if they do it'll be for something we wouldn't give up.
Roughly 0
I want Maximum Wattage as much as the next bro but not this year except in Madden
We would be giving up valuable players only for him to get injured and sit out fir half a season. No thanks.
JJ Watt is almost literally an institution in Houston. That city would revolt if he were traded away.
The same as percentage chance that you looked at his contract.
"maybe at the end of his career, the bros will team up but not likely."
I get it. It would be a lot to give up for an injury prone rental. But I hear he’s “on the block”.
"I got terrible towel, I live in different time zone so I can watch only 1 pm games and I became fan after the ravens game, so who to hate , what players are good and how do we going do defeat the chiefs?."
"respect/hate the ravens, hate the browns, feel bad for the bengals. literally all of our players are likeable, and our coach is great."
Borat has entered the sub.
"I literally shuddered at ""horrible towel""."
Are you new cause we are undefeated? Personally speaking I don’t want no bandwagon fans
Jesse james caught it
"im a steelers fan too and im a fan of you i hope we make it too the super bowl, plz pray for the steelers we is good we is 4-3 my uncle likes the cowboys we call them cowgirls bc they girls, tj watt did some good defense and the cowgirls do to cowgirls we comeing back for you heheheheeh."
""
"I don't think so far, just a week at a time.

But if we get past the Ravens and Bills, I can see a run at it.

More than anything, give me the 1 seed and force KC to a round 1 game."
"I highly doubt it. Some incredible teams haven't managed to go 16-0, even ones that had soft schedules. Between four divisional games, having more road games than home games, and every team's potential to lay a stinker, I just don't see them going 16-0.

I do expect them to be favored in every remaining game though, barring some sort of catastrophic injury."
"Rather win Super Bowls, if we have the 1 seed locked up, sit some people, roll into the playoffs healthy and hungry."
If we can beat the ravens again and the bills I say yes. I could see us resting our starters week 17 if we have it all locked up though.
"I don't think 16-0... for a few reasons.  We have a few tough games... we always drop a dud game... but lets say we are suddenly 11-0 or 12-0.. .we're going to rest starters the last week or two.  Especially with that super early bye week.

Now you want the undefeated with a lot of starters getting rest... against a super spiteful Browns team in week 17?  Well... Mason vs Garrett rematch would get all the headlines at least."
I can’t see past lunch
"this is why i wanted to lose Sunday....too much juju building up and now a loss looks ""bad"" i had us losing Sunday and then to one of the Jags/Bills and that's it..."
Let's just win this week and figure the rest out when it's time.
""
I don’t know shit about fuck about DiNucci but I do know DiNucci is in trouble
"Man, this sucks. I was kinda looking forward to the boys terrorizing Dalton again, for old time's sake."
Inb4 Dinucci the goochie is Joe Montana
I'm going to hammer the shit out of cowboys money line.
Hopefully I’m wrong but this seems like a huge trap game. On the road against a 3rd stringer while 7-0
"We’ve had some trouble with mid-game replacement at QB, but when we can gamelan for the backup... I feel sorry for DiNucci."
Dinucci isn't playing
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're 18 hours late [https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jn0ccw/so\_proud\_of\_myself\_this\_edit/](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jn0ccw/so_proud_of_myself_this_edit/)
"Damnit, Must*"
[deleted]
RIP Ben Dinucci
""
"In other words, could be a LONG Sunday afternoon for DiNucci."
" Boy, this guy better not choose this week to turn into Dan Marino all the sudden.."
Do we really only have 30 sacks?  Guess we're slacking this year
we all know this will randomly be his best game of his career and will put in a great effort... Steelers will escape the trap game 21-17
Apparently practice squad QB Cooper Rush may get the start.
We’re going to break the record for most sacks in a season and most consecutive seasons leading the league in sacks
We +should+ come away with 6+ sacks. But I guess we will see. Lol
I'm in danger meme
If I know anything about the Steelers last few years this means he'll be channeling Joe Montana Sunday
[DiNucci after the 1st series of downs Sunday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GW2x195NAQo)
"Tell DiNucci to get ready for a nice big helping of gabagool.


https://youtu.be/3poPknWsX84"
"Tyson is out, any word if we’re gonna be cautious with Cam or is he on pace to play?"
"I just don’t feel the trap game vines this year. These vibes started to come at the aging defensive years and when we relied heavily on our offense.  This team is balanced and has shown that it can win even if one side doesn’t show up for a half. 

This game is shaping up to be closer than expected at first, but domination in the second half."
"Surprised teams are not trying to trade for Duck, I know he is not great, but he won what 4 games for us last year?

If I was a gm with a bad qb situation right now I'd be trying to make a deal for him."
[deleted]
"Your post in /r/steelers has been removed as it contains a URL from one of our banned domains. If this domain happens to be DKPittsburghSports, this site is banned due to owner's past controversial history on Reddit and employee misconduct within the company.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Lmao the Cowboys are so scared to play him against us they are considering Cooper Rush instead.
Except they're not playing him
""
"McCarthy: Okay Andy let's start prepping for this Steelers defense.

Andy on speaker phone: Can't coach, COVID-19. Bye.

McCarthy: Alright DiNucci then it's to you.

DiNucci: You're fucking with me right? I don't wanna die.

McCarthy: Okay then who do got on the practice squad? Cooper Rush? Sounds more like a running back name but whatever.

Rush: You must truly be desperate to turn to me for help."
Wait Dalton had a concussion and now he had covid??? Wtf
"All I know is, this means stress free 4th quarter for us this weekend right?

I don't have to have my doctor on speed dial right?"
I'm having Mike Glennon / Tampa Bay nightmares
"I watched some Cooper Rush film and he was destroying his competition 

Edit: turns out it was a middle school football game but yeah he really did a number on those 6th graders"
Thought Dalton would be out with a concussion anyway?
That's like switching warm underwear with your brother because you need to change them. lol
"And now Dallas has me worried. At least we knew DiNucci sucks and had 1.5 games worth of tape to figure out how exactly he sucks. Rush doesn't have a single NFL snap since 2017, so we have no idea how to prepare for him."
Just put out the tackling dummy. Same score.
Fuck I really hope we get DiNucci.
"Oh we're about to eat, eat"
[deleted]
"Living in Texas, I had my sights on this since the schedule came out. Had every intention on attending but COVID is a bitch. Seeing how both teams are trending I'm incredibly disappointed"
"Thinking they are benching dinucci.
Bringing in Cooper Rush. 
3 years. 
5 games. 
3 passes. 
1 Completion. 
2 yds.
42.2 Rating"
I wouldn’t mind seeing a Mason Rudolph vs Ben DiNucci showdown in the second half
I'm excited but I also remember how Jeff Driskel looked against us...
I love this guy. In my head I can hear him saying “hale yeah”. Something like that
"The thing is, in my fantasy, I have big ben, diNucci, and the Steelers defense..."
I was actually lookingn forward to seeing a game against Dalton plauing for a different team.  I have some solid respect for Dalton.
I went to high school with him. He’s gonna have a bad day sorry bud.
Two guys competing for the 4th string spot\*
So if everything goes as planned and we end up undefeated or go 13-3 and Mike Tomlin wins HC if the year. Does Mike Tomlin have a better case as an all time great head coach especially with how he hasn't had 1 losing season despite having a star QB out. Bill Belichick  looks like he's about to have a losing season without tim Brady and Brady is carrying the bucs. So does Mike T deserve alot more credit then what he gets?
He's already punched his ticket to the Hall of Fame. He has his credit in spades. And he's only 48. Just sit back and enjoy the rest of the ride.
If Coach Cowher made it to the Hall of Fame then Tomlin 100% will.
Tomlin is a great coach.  We know it.  Who cares what the rest of the world thinks?
Everyone except the yinzer faction knows he's an all time great
"The Steelers ownership has had 3 coaches in a row win Super Bowls in the last 50 years. Two are in the Hall. The third has a great shot at the Hall with more to unfold. 

Call me about dynasty when Kraft gets that done."
Tomlin does not need a better case as an all time great head coach.  The book on that issue was closed and filed on a shelf in Canton long ago.
Yes
Idk. What do you think /u/hillbillyhaven
"I have a close friend (Cowboys fan) who thinks Tomlin is average at best, and underperformed with AB and Lev Bell. While I feel like we should’ve won at least 1 SB with them, it irks me so bad that Tomlin doesn’t get the credit he deserves - you can count on one hand the number of coaches that win 8 games with Rudolph and Duck"
Needs a couple more sb wins and need to see how he does post ben era.
""
"Right after this play in the game thread like 25 of us said ""Bush would have made that tackle"". Probably could have taken a little better angle but yeah that's about all you can ask for from Spillane"
Angle > speed. He’ll learn.
[deleted]
"Avery isn't any faster than Spillane... you are gonna hope with 3 more games of experience Spillane gets better anticipation, a smidge quicker on the reaction and that quarter to half a step cuts that play before the corner is turned."
"This... Was on Watt.

He lost the edge and no ILB in the league is going to make up that difference. Watt went in and had no help outside, he lost the edge and the RB bounced it out with no contain or being slowed at all.

I think this is just really bad analysis."
Well guess what? Bush isn’t making that tackle either because players rarely regain the speed they once had post a major knee injury. So either we draft a new ILB or this is what we have to work with.
""
If the Steelers win this game by 50. Chiefs will still be number 1.
I feel like this only increases the chance for Steelering
Fuck I really wanted to play DiNucci..
I do not appreciate the Dinucci slander!!!!
So they are actually tanking. LOL imagine battling another backup to start against a defense this vicious.
[deleted]
""
You guys remember when we beat the Ravens? That was awesome.
"For some reason, this made me imagine a President Tomlin, in the White House press briefing room, fielding difficult questions on a variety of critical issues, but answering in Tomlinisms. I can’t stop laughing at that. On Climate Change “It’s hot in the kitchen.” On Coronavirus, “We respect it, but we don’t fear it.” This could go on."
Losing? Never heard of her.
"Losing happens all the time in life...















UNLESS YOURE THE MOST BADASS TEAM IN THE NFL LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO"
I’m 99% sure this guy is on the sub
Teams really out here losing bruh
I've stared at this for hours... it's so beautiful...
"""President Tomlin!  How will you respond to rumors that China is expanding into the south sea?""

""You know, Im not gonna speculate or give any sound bites that they can use. That's just low hanging fruit. All I know is that I've got a meeting with France on Friday and that's what I'm preparing for."""
love this.
He’s a great follow on Twitter
This is the best thing I’ve seen on the internet today. Literally lol’d. 😂
Sing it brother!🎼
Love Kevin... his twitter is hysterical.
I think this is something we can all agree on and I love it
"Politics is all just one big ass blast


https://youtu.be/vF7qZsQHMNg"
"It's funny that these guys call out guys like mad for breaking a window, but are totally silent when a cop fucking kills someone and didn't have to.

One of these things is NOT like the other"
Truer words have never been spoken...especially that last sentence
Yes
Today!
"Meh, people riot when their team wins too.

Win or lose, act like you’ve been there before."
Ahhhh ahahaha so much truths in one post!
Best meme I’ve seen all day!!!!
"Hahah Kevin will be happy to know he’s viral on his third platform with this tweet. He’s the biggest steelers fan I know, yinz give him a follow"
Last week was a close one.
Fucking BASED
Posted a screenshot on my ig and someone actually told me it’s offensive and insensitive. How insanely soft are people becoming
"This guy is a tool bag to the tenth degree. He gives Aditi crap all the time about being AB's ""baby momma"" on Twitter, and he's extremely rude to Brooke Pryor as well. Oh and he's a covid truther so there's that."
this aged poorly
"Coming off big games with high emotions the past two weeks against a team we should beat easily. This smells like a trap to me.

I think a W against Dallas says as much and possibly even more about their focus and commitment than the Balt. game. Steelers have injuries and every excuse to look past Dallas. I hope they don't but this game will tell me a lot about being real contenders."
"I think the “trap” game is cinci, and I still don’t think we will lose."
Nah.
"If they can’t beat Cooper Rush or Garrett Gilbert, then they don’t deserve to be 8-0, much less contenders. One week at a time. No one gets over looked. Tomlin will have them ready."
[deleted]
If anyone knows what a trap smells like it would be you.
It'll be closer than everyone expects. We'll play down as usual but we won't lose
This was posted a day ago.  I swear you guys want us to lose just so you can say I told you so.
Why would it be a trap game when it's at the start of a run against three teams with five combined wins?  Who is it we're supposed to be looking past these teams toward -- Indy on the last weekend of the calendar year?
Pretty scary game haha
I know everybody downplays these games. And everybody that raises concern “is not a true fan”. But I do worry about over-confidence and I’ve watched powerful Steelers teams over the years lose to abominations of teams like the Jets. Soooooo I won’t feel comfortable until the whistle blows and a W is hung in the column.
Cinci is the potential trap game. Burrows is good!
"This is a perfect storm for our D. 

Most sacks in a game (12) Steelers v. Cowboys 11/20/66. It would be fitting to break this record against them and get 7 SB's in the same year."
"Really... this year... the year with offensive holding penalties being called 40some% less?

&#x200B;

I like your faith... but nah... lets shoot for 5 and improve from there."
"We could destroy the Cowboys and get 15 sacks. Pundits still would say “KC just feels like a better team, they have Mahomes.”"
7 super bowls in 1 year seems unlikely
""
"According to the Farmers almanac, the new decade doesn't start until 2021. 

But they're probably Cowboys fans."
"[mp4 link](https://preview.redd.it/fq68iheas3x51.gif?format=mp4&s=0e835bbba9c33659ee56b873f82ffc1175cb3904)

---
This mp4 version is 97.57% smaller than the gif (175.5 KB vs 7.04 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
"2021 is the start of the decade. 1-10, 11-20, 21-30 etc. There's a famous Jeopardy moment where all 3 contestants got the answer wrong in regards to when a new decade actually starts."
So it is a good thing that they didn't get to last year playoff!
"Well, more accurately, undefeated in the 20s."
Decade doesn't start till Jan.
""
I've seen some awesome Stillers flair the last couple weeks. Show us what you got!
"I tend to change mine to send love to hurt players, so I'm still rocking Mike Hilton right now."
69
"Home state hero! So excited when we drafted him, and the Packers passed on him!"
I’m never changing mine
My favorite offensive player of all time on the Steelers.
"Stupid question, but how does one add flair?"
Mapletron!
Gotta give some love to the backup
"Mine is in honor of my favorite (and most legitimate) jersey I currently own, a Minkah color rush. 

I normally just get ones from DHgate, but the color rush ones are noticeably different/lower quality"
""
Some pretty big fucking names on this list. Spillane has some work to do but man he’s got fight in him.
"Man, Donnie Shell was amazing. Take a minute and watch him drop Earl Campbell. 

https://youtu.be/2yAnTm3338E"
Nice work
I’ll always have a soft spot for Willie
"Hilton was also UDFA, I believe."
"If you’re using the app, click for full image with text."
Great post! Some real beasts!!
Man every time I see Willie Parker on the internet I’m like damn I miss that guys speed. If only he had the knee genetics of Adrian Peterson.
The real number 84.
"Glad you included Jack Butler, very underrated defensive back"
Ummm Duck?
Donnie Shell - THE HEADHUNTER!
I sure do miss Deebo!
Does anyone else think Randy Grossman look like Scott Bakula from Necessary Roughness or is it just me?
""
"I love Cl~~~~~~~~,,."
Did you pull that?
Nice card
"Nice card.

I once pulled an autographed Barry Sanders Laserview card, then I traded it for a bunch of pack and other decent cards.  Then I lost them."
you lucky son of a bitch
"Wow, that card is sick, congrats."
""
Finally someone who lifts weights
"So my boss today (we live in Jax so she’s a big Jags fan) told me how awesome Haden is. She went to UF and worked in someway with the sports department while she went there. She said 90% of the athletes she met were pretty ‘douchey’ and didn’t treat her that well. But she said she has followed Haden all through his Browns and Steelers career because he was such a genuinely great guy. I, of course, initially geeked out that she knew Joe Haden and then was very happy to hear my opinion of him being a great overall dude vindicated."
Joe seems really friendly.
Joe is such a humble & sweet dude. seems like you could kick back beers with him as if you’ve know each other for years
">Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.

I cannot emphasize how very, very true this is in so many parts of life.  The absolute best is when you have both but yeah, I've seen folks who should have so much talent but don't apply it and don't make anything of it.  Talent is honed by practice.  Practice is work."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
 Wannstedt is old school yinzer. Respect
"Fucking awesome.... thank you for posting this


RIP- The Chief"
That’s fantastic
Damn straight.
This is awesome.
And that man should still be the HC at Pitt.  2010 was a rebuild year for that program as they just weren’t there yet after a great 09’ season.
Fucking love that story
You're goddamn right.
Legendary
"I fucking LOVE LOVE this! Great team, great franchise and great family. 🖤💛."
"...did anyone actually think the Steelers were ""America's Team""?"
"Like this column, I'm lucky enough to still have the Steelers available to pick this week.  It's a no-brainer vs Dallas but I'm wondering if I should hold onto them.  They play Cincy and Jax next.  Who 's everyone going with this week?

[https://www.sportsgamblingpodcast.com/2020/11/03/nfl-week-9-survivor-pool-picks/](https://www.sportsgamblingpodcast.com/2020/11/03/nfl-week-9-survivor-pool-picks/)"
"I’m going Steelers.  I’ll worry about next week, next week."
"Pats.  Junk team, but playing a team openly trying to lose.  Perfect spot for them."
"I got Kansas City. Used the Steelers week 1, only six people left in my survivor pool. Trying to close it out hopefully"
I’d say it’s better to pick us this week against Dallas than next week against the Bengals. Weird things happen in our division sometimes
Definitely taking a guaranteed W against DiNucci
"If you haven’t used the Cardinals, then this is the week to do so.

Save the Steelers for the Jax game."
"I'd take Green Bay this week. Kittle's out, Jimmy G is likely out. I know it's a Thursday night road game but I don't see Green Bay losing with how hurt SF is."
"I already used Pittsburg. Don't trust NE, because they burned me in a different survivor league. Not sure who to take, though I don't want to use the chiefs unless I have to"
""
""
The yinzers are gonna have to decide this election aren't they?
Tomlin should run after he’s done coaching
""
Is he suppose to be legit or just someone we added for depth?
I thought he couldn't play with the team for two weeks because of the covid protocol
Based
""
I'm on mobile can someone just comment it?
"Oh my
Someone is not gonna be happy about that
Dude is gonna lose his job"
This...this can't be real.
this is amazing. how the hell did you find this OP?
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
In the first half it seemed like our gameplan against their blitzes was to just go five wide and either check it down or take a sack but when Ben started calling the shots in the second half they couldn't do anything to stop us
"I dont usually like laying big numbers but this one seems like 
a lay up. Can anyone try to justify grabbing the 13.5 and taking the Cowboys？"
"No. They have a bad habit of playing to their competition. I'm confident that they will win, but I could see them playing sloppy and letting it get closer than it should be."
"I'm not going to touch that game. In my head, the Steelers should be able to win this game 34-13 or something like that, but 13.5 smells like a back door cover to me when the Steelers take their foot off the gas at the end. Something like the Steelers being up 31-13 with 5 minutes left in the game, and then Dallas dinks and dunks its way for a final TD.

No need for me to give myself that heartburn when I can just hammer that over 41.5."
Trap game. Take the boys to cover.
I think you could take the Steelers to cover. If Dalton was playing I’d say differently but they’ve got an absolute garbage offensive line and playing a literal 4th or 5th string QB. And their defense is maybe the worst in the NFL. Even if Ben “plays down” it’s hard not to see the Steelers demolishing them.
Doesn't look like a line I'd be eager to bet one way or the other.
"3rd string QB, shitty offensive line, bust of a RB who can't rush for 50 yards against a bad defense, sub-par defense. The Steelers will find a way to make it close"
I find it hard to imagine a scenario where the cowboys offense isn’t rendered ineffective by our d line.
Any 10+ point spread is gonna be tough to cover. Such is life in the National Football League.
No.  After the Steelers and Ravens play each other neither team covers typically.
The over under on this game is 42. I'm going to be Pittsburgh and the over because I think if Dallas covers it has to be over 42. I think I'm betting double with very lithe risk of losing both.
They have injuries across the entire defensive line and are going up against a team with a 3rd string QB and Zeke Elliot....gonna give up some rushing yards
"Steelers have covered 6x this year - other than Denver.  NFL Pickwatch early consensus is Steelers cover, ESPN Pickcenter is split between Number Fire and Team Rankings. 

I myself find it too stressful to bet on the Steelers, other than my annual pre-season bet they win the Super Bowl."
This week will go down just like the last two games. Or like the Cleveland game. Nothing in between
"Steelers highly likely to cover whatever the spread is, be bold. I would also place a few units on some props too.

Coach Tomlin has this team laser focused, nothing like years in the past. The locker room is strong, close-knit, and full of young talent who all want to win games and don't worry about stats. Totally different from years past."
I wouldn’t touch 2 TDs with a ten foot pole. Should they win 37-13? Yes. But what will probably happen is up 27-10 the cowboys score a garbage TD at the 2 minute warning.
No way do I bet on the Steelers in this game.  Classic trap game the Steelers fall into.
""
"Can we get the quote ""hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard"" somewhere pinned"
This is more important than the election
“Every year is like hitting the lottery”
""
The instructions on how to order are in a post on the FB page.
Nice! I will be making my donation Friday when I get paid. Broke af right now.
"Sounds like Mr. Claypool has a nice mom, working for a good cause."
Not a FB user...can someone post the link here?
"Awesome! I’m in Canada, going to order a few 😊"
"Someone should show dababy this, he just lost his brother to suicide 😔"
Thanks for the heads up. I'm ordering some too!
I remember when we were going to get a bunch of steelers mask in our store and then they all got recalled because of no licensing agreement.  Hopefully they dont go after her.
Can someone link pictures? I don’t have access to my Facebook bc zucc sucks at customer service
"Awesome, as a Canadian I feel like I have to at least buy a couple!"
""
"Tuitt, when healthy, is our best defensive lineman. That's not a slight at Cam in any way, I fucking love that man, it's just a testament to how good Tuitt is."
Dude is making a quiet but solid case for that Comeback Player of the Year.
"Lemme tell y’all something.... 

He is playing even better than he was last year, and that says a whole hell of a lot. 

We have two legitimate CPOY candidates between he and Benjamin."
Tuitt is a fucking monster on the field so I always find it so funny watching him off the field and doing shit like his rib cookout. He has such a soft voice for such a hulk of a man. Well deserved though he showed up big against Baltimore.
"He definitely flies under the radar behind all the (warranted) hype of Cam, Tj, Dupree, and even Tyson. But he is an absolute monster when healthy

It is unreal that all these players are as dominant as they are #stairwayto7"
DO IT
It's a good year to be a Notre Dame fan and a Steelers fan.
"One of the best parts of watching All-22 footage is seeing Tuitt just bull rush his lineman and push him straight back into the QB. Sometimes it's like varsity vs JV, these poor linemen just getting manhandled."
Imagine have 6 sacks as a 3-4 D-End at the halfway point of a season. Fucking insane. This man better be in the conversation for DPOY.
Mans a dog but he wasn’t even defensive player of his team
Comeback POY
This ler’s defense is on a new level
Nice to have a solid Steelers defense again.
"Draft positions across the first level:

Dupree: 1 (22)

Heyward: 1 (31)

Alualu: 1 (10)

Tuitt: 2 (46)

Watt: 1 (30)"
[deleted]
"Assume that this is based on getting back injured players who have a good chance to return this year (i.e. the Steelers get back guys like Heyward and Alualu, but not Bush), and remove upcoming schedules, playoff seeding, and other things from the picture. These five teams are getting healthy and going into some sort of neutral field competition that is going to render one team ""the best."" Who ya got?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jnxgvq)"
You are what your record says you are.
"I genuinely think the Steelers have the most talent. The problem is consistency, particularly for the offense. I mean look at the two halves of the Titans game -- that first half looked like the absolute best team in football. The second half... Didn't. And again for the Ravens, the offense basically didn't exist in the first half.

You compare that to a team like the Chiefs or Tampa Bay who have great defenses and seem to show up on offense every single week.

The next few games will be a good test of this. Cowboys, Bengals, Jags are some of the worst defenses out there. Let's see if the offense can take advantage"
I will say the Chiefs. Do I think we have a shot at beating them? Absolutely. But I do think that having the best QB in the league and a defense outside of the LV game that has been playing well is impressive.
"I’d say the Chiefs tbh. They dropped a game to a divisional rival, but honestly it’s only a matter of time until we lose too. They just happened to lose earlier in the season than us. That Mahomes led offense just doesn’t get slowed down by any defense. If they have a down game, it’s because they showed up flat. I’m just not confident in them happening to show up flat if we meet them in the H2H. 

But really it’s a 50/50 between us and KC. We have 1 less loss, they have more dominant wins, and the head to head matchup is simply too close to even predict. So either us or them."
"We need the offense to be consistent. Nowadays, defense gets you to the Superbowl but it won’t win you the game. Can’t have the offense look as bad as they did in the second half of the tits game and the first half of the ravens game in the superbowl."
Show me the results coming in 3rd is quite a surprise. I thought the Seahawks would be in front of them for sure.
"If we have learned anything from the past 20 years. It's not who is the best team, rather who gets a 1st round bye and... cheats. Jk. Not really, but jk. If we get a 1st round bye bc of our record we are in a better position to be the better team. Most times... That's all that matters. And when it doesn't call belichick for a tip I heard he might be free this post season..."
"I think it’s hard to argue that it’s not KC.  Their offense is damn scary and their defense is overlooked.  Our guys have to be in that conversation, kinda just flipped from them.  They are probably 1A while we are 1B.  After them you look at the Bucs, they are just as complete a team, but for some reason we still doubt them? I think Seahawks, Ravens both have some serious flaws that can hold them back, but in the areas they excel they are damn good.  I’m not a believer in NO for whatever reason."
"Before the season, I said 14-2, #1 seed, and SB champion.  Steelers have done nothing but justify my analysis, and in this hypothetical, injuries aren't an issue.

Meanwhile, every other team has stumbled and shown warts.

Chiefs are very overrated in this forum.  Again: they weren't a dominant champion.  They were a 12-4 team with some stumbles and some struggles.  They deserved to win, but got there only because of a hot second half and some monumental mistakes by the opponent in the SB.  On a 1-to-10 scale of SB champs, they were a 4 or a 5.  Just so-so.

Tom Brady is always overvalued here.  It's hard to circle jerk Lamar Jackson the week after we dominated him again, so fake fans in this sub fall back on old and predictable thought patterns."
"I wanted to include one more option, but the poll wouldn't let me so I'm going to try a little work around here. **Upvote this comment if you think New Orleans is the best team.**

Please don't upvote it if you already voted, and please don't downvote it - I'm just trying to get a sense to see if there are any folks that would have New Orleans at the top of the pack."
""
[deleted]
""
Now THATS a ballsy purchase! Love it
Where's you snag the hat?? I love that.
Any tips on how to iron out my flat would be greatly appreciated 🙌🏼
But theres no post on sundays... and that's how when we win...
[deleted]
This might have been posted already but this meme is just the gift that keeps on giving.
""
Let's not do this here.
""
I could use one of those in these trying times
""
"The crazy thing is Juju has 0

So these are all: Diontae, Ebron, and a number on the running backs

Gotta do a better job on those"
Looking at you Diontae.. love ya to death but damn you got some butterfingers sometimes.
"After Mongrief I feel like dropped passes aren't much of an issue or a concern for us anymore. They are gonna happen and a few have come from tipped balls or just bad passes. And those who have dropped passes aren't doing so regularly and with major issues. 

Ebron's ball to the knee one is a great example of just a fluke dropped pass he went low to get and it impacted his knee as he was trying to go to the ground. 

Compared to other quarterbacks who have questionable receiving rooms we're solid as fuck. Johnson has some ball control to work on but again it's nothing that can't be coached and improved."
Haven’t seen a lot of drops for a few weeks tbh.
Samuels probably has two along with like two catches. Smh
"This was the same problem last year, both at the beginning of the year, and after the back ups came in.  Even when they were getting it to the WRs they were dropping them.  And it wasn't all Moncrief either."
"Jaylen Samuels gas dropped at least half of his targets so far, and they're only ever like 3-5 yard routes... He's supposed to be the stellar pass catcher and he's having the worst season of his career"
""
"What’s Roger, some 1920’s rando? “Holy shit her anklebone is showing. Skank”"
We don't needs posts about this every day... its not even a real story
"Uniform violation fines aren't bizarre.  They're common.  The rules aren't difficult.  Follow them, and you'll be fine."
""
""
Avery trade looking real nice now
Good thing we brought in Williamson then. Nice to get some OL depth back also.
I think this was a clear sign that Avery was traded to replace UGIII and not much of a factor towards Spillane.  I was worried his trade meant something could have been serious with UGIII... but thought it was a minor injury in practice and didn't think much on it.
Is Dotson still the starter? Or is the plan to slowly phase him out as we go further along the season.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Yes
"In truth, no clear answer. I'm leaning Diontae, but if I were to commit to that, then I'll jynx it and he'll get hurt the first play again"
Jaylen Samuels
It's a toss up honestly
Derek Watt
Go with dj
"PPR - you have to play DJ over Chase
Standard- you probably want Chase’s upside over DJ

In reality, it’s a coin flip either way.  If DJ stays healthy he is the clear target winner, but Chase only needs one play and gets involved in different ways."
""
People forget how dominant Fitz was because he doesn't put up fantasy points anymore.  The guy was such a beast.
"I don't know who Don Hutson was, but that guy must have been a beast.  And that was back when passing really wasn't the meta."
Good ole Eggs Manske
[deleted]
""
Damn that’s awesome
I love our team.
"That was great, thanks for sharing!"
[deleted]
r/okbuddyretard
r/cringe
""
Awesome!  I just got the email today that mine has shipped.  I went with Polamalu.
"Dude, so nice
 https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jm4lq6/fedex_just_stopped/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
My Polamalu got shipped today. Stoked.
"Oh shit I like that. I like the salute to service line they have, they make good stuff"
""
"For those that don't want to watch the whole video, we won best team, best coach and best rookie (Claypool)"
I still don't know if he's a Steelers fan
Pat is the closest thing I get to listening to drunk old timers at the dive down the street these days
"whoa whoa whoa, Romo did not nickname Chase, Mapletron. Where's the s/o to steeler nation?"
""
"I watched Colin Cowherd's top 10 team vid today and when he got to us he's like ""Baltimore out gamed and out played the Steelers almost every minute of that game"". It's like we even beat a good team and people still make excuses that we lost the game although we technically won it  😑"
Historically good team ~shrug~
they hate us cuz they aint us
"Seriously, I’ve been told “Mahomes” is the reason the Steelers aren’t contenders."
I think it’s better that way. We luckily don’t have the big egos we used to have with bell and brown. But history shows we have a tendency to play to opponents level as it is. We just need to stay consistent for a full game on offense.
this kid my class is a chiefs fan and shits on me for liking the steelers. I don't say anything and let our record talk. I respect the chiefs but in that raiders game I laughed my ass off.
The Steelers ARE good. They also probably are not the best team in the league. There’s so nuance here.
"As a niner fan, this is exactly how we were at this point last year, maybe even worse. You guys really feel like the niners last yr and I’m rooting for u in the afc!!"
""
"True Gents!

The Standard IS the Standard!"
I love this team
I legit wonder if its Primantis or something else... Just curious about food most of the time when its brought up in little stories because quarantine life can be really freaking boring.
*Every vote must be counted...and things of that nature.*
My wife was already a fan.  This might make her a fanatic.
"Godamnit... Cleveland native here, but credit where credits due, that's a class move.

Lots of election staff working hard, under intense scrutiny, and I can appreciate this kind of support. 

Country over team, one peoples over everything, keep it up."
"If you hate the Steelers, you hate America"
Class act organization!
What are they eating?
I'm sure this would make Art and Dan proud.
Classiest team in football. You don't hear about the eagles doing anything like that in Philadelphia.
I love this goddamn team
Election fraud !! /s
"More of this (looking out for each other), less of everything else this week"
Good guys
Hell yeah thats so cool
I just saw that on television....was going to post it...too late
This is the way.
"Jesus fucking Christ, anyone reading this would be good to do themselves a favor and stay the hell away from the comments on the Twitter post.

Good Lord...."
Love my fucking team
Our team is hands down the best off of the field.
Pittsburgh Pride!
"Just as long as they don't eat over the ballots.  

Steelers are the best."
Respect from a Browns fan. Classy and kind.
aw gee whiz those selfless Stillers schlepping slices to the same voters who pay for their stadium what a class act! yinz are ridiculous on here dudes smdh
[removed]
""
Barely can be called mic’d up. Still fun to watch!
LJ Fort was supposed to follow him. Hmmmmm
""
what a savage. glad he staying positive and enjoying himself
"Banner been laid up, hitting them sticks"
""
"Shit like this makes me proud to be a Steelers fan. Such a class act by them, and I can GUARANTEE Juju and Chase had a big part in this. I'd bet Heyward, Zach Banner, and maybe even Minkah had a part in this too"
"I was just telling my wife how lucky we are as fans to be able to root for teams with ownership like the rooneys and Mario lemieux. Not only are the pens and steelers elite franchises in sport, they are ran by truly good people that you can be proud of."
"nbc news said it was ownership and gave all the credit to ""the Rooney family.""  Chuck Todd is a dope."
Stillers should be giving out tickets for how much those voters pay for their stadium
[deleted]
Yes they do no not.
""
"Steelers: Do you feel in charge?

Ravens: We paid a small fortune to beat you...

Steelers: And you think this gives you power over us?"
This has “I. LIFT. WEIGHTS!” Energy
They own a fluky QB who throws under 200 yards a game!
They got squat!
he’s pretty good at pushing the ref
"What shit exactly do they think they own?  You would think this would be the standard “we must defend this house” speech, but that doesn’t really fit with what he’s saying."
The Ravens own the division? Since when.
I'm sincerely disappointed that there wasn't a narrator saying that.
""
"Heyward being full is gonna give those 'he was faking it' whiners some fuel... but nice to see him back.  

I don't agree with sitting him as a precaution, but definitely lowering his snaps this week and getting Buggs some extra reps would be beneficial.  Going to need a more polished backup with Wormley on IR for Cam and Alualu... and its not going to be Mondeaux."
Glad to see Cam is good. Didn't need him missing games
Nice seeing danger in full he’s an unsung hero imo
Can't believe the video I saw of Cam practicing. Literal definition of a leader. I'm glad he secured his bag and I'm glad we locked him up. Need to get me some Heyward apparel at some point
"Hello r/steelers

Here is the link for the week 9 Reddit NFL picks. The top 10 from this week and the link for next week will be announced on Wednesday. No more picks can be made after 10:00 pm on Saturday night. Good Luck!

[*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbru1ZL1x28cxRnsyi0EggDoC5q84ALs0sxGH-x6pFPprw8A/viewform?usp=sf\_link*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbru1ZL1x28cxRnsyi0EggDoC5q84ALs0sxGH-x6pFPprw8A/viewform?usp=sf_link)"
"Hello everyone,

The week 9 leaderboard is out. I will post the week 10 link on Tuesday or Wednesday. Go to [*https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home*](https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home)

to see everything."
"Cooper Rush & Garrett Gilbert do not instill a lot of fear. That being said I was at Hines Field week 14 / December 8, 2002 vs. the Houston Texans when we lost 24-6. I will carry that emotional scarring with me forever.  2 pick sixes and a fumble scoop & score.  Texans had 47 total yards.  The Stillers had 422.  We need to take care of the ball. If we do not beat ourselves we go 8-0 for the first time in Stillers history."
"Report today is that Ezekiel Elliot is pussing out of practice.  He'll probably half ass it on Sunday too.  That's why the Cowboys ALWAYS suck under expectations.  They're a bunch of soft front running bitches.  Jerry Jones does not know how to create a winning atmosphere.  He thinks it's all about him and what he can buy, who he can sweet talk, who he can bully, who he can blame.  Jerry confusing himself with what Jimmy Johnson was able to accomplish for him is the biggest joke in the NFL."
Valid concern. It’s the nfl. Not college. Level playing field. Salary cap etc. that said. It would take some monumental fluke occurrences. There is a reason why 13.5 underdogs don’t win straight up very often. I expect them to cover and win by 20. But it’s not hard to envision a garbage td ruining them spread.
Yeah but we have Ben at QB now and an elite defense
"Haven’t won in Dallas since 2004
Lost a Super Bowl in this stadium 
Head coach is guy who beat us
+underperforming against shit teams in recent years
If we want to be elite and be looked and taken as super bowl contenders we have to dominate this game"
Glad I'm not the only one VERY worried about this game and the Steelers habits of playing down to bad opponents
""
"So does that mean that cam is playing then?

Edit: and what about Buggs?"
"If Vance got the covid from the ravens ima be pissed.

Damn bat eating ratbirds..."
"On the bright side, this is the perfect week for anyone to be missing. As much as we suck against historically bad teams this feels beyond impossible to lose."
If Vance is out it means I get to see some action from my hometown dude Zach Gentry
I'll be happy if Buggs can play. Would really not want to see Mondeaux out there full time.
These are all HUGE guys...damn.
I hope we can essentially treat this as a week we can rest our injured guys. Playing the nfc east is huge for us this year since we had our bye week way too early
"Perfectly fine with this. No disrespect to the cowboys (not really), but we should beat them handily without these two. Need those two for the second half stretch so get healthy"
I'll be surprised if Mike Hilton plays
""
[deleted]
""
"My brother said before the draft that we would take Watt and I was like ""nah, he is just a name. There is no way he can be anywhere as good as his brother, we won't take him""

Never been so happy to be wrong in my life."
Taco Charlton 🤣🤣
I don't know if I'm happier he's a Steeler or that he's not a Cowboy lol
"I was kinda hoping we’d draft an actually good corner that year, but I was still satisfied with Watt at the time and excited for his potential. Now he’s an irreplaceable star on this team, and a very close second place for my favorite player on the team behind Minkah."
""
Can you shop a mask on there too the man has paid enough
"Uh oh, King George III lost in the end though. If the Steelers don't win the Super Bowl this year I blame you."
[deleted]
"No wonder they ain't finished counting yet, fuckers eating a whole banquet 🤣🤣🤣. Hope the other states give the counters food aswell."
That’s cool!!
Superrrrr late repost.
"So I live like 2 miles away from AT&T Stadium in Arlington, TX and regardless of how their season is going, Cowboys fans are still talking like they’re gonna blow us out this Sunday and they’re still the best team in the league (I mean, what’s new?) Anyway, I really hope this isn’t one of those trap games and we shut them up even before the first quarter ends!"
"Howdy! I'm a Pittsburgh native living in San Antonio and a few of my coworkers are already trying to place no-money bets with the Cowboys victory...  

But you know...8 - 0 coming."
"I live in Baltimore, trust me it’s not fun loving the Steelers here."
I live in DFW and all my coworkers are saying the Cowboys are going to get worked and if it’s bad enough they are going to stop watching at halftime.
I live in FW & I haven’t heard a single Cowboys fan that is confident heading into Sunday.
"I feel your pain, I am just down the road in Fort Worth. I hear the same things."
If any 2 fans are interested in going to the game and sitting in the boonies please PM me it is cheaper to buy tickets in packs of 4.
"Eh look up cowboys forum on google. Most are saying we are gonna blow them out.

Yeah the diehards in person are just trying to convince themselves I don’t know lol"
""
""
[deleted]
Please no let down
"Juju’s nd Claypools Tik Tok content are gold. Especially Claypools, he’s absolutely hilarious"
......who’s arm is that?......
"Tuitt’s looking real slim these days, baybay!"
"Later in the day:

""Smith-Schuster will be out 4-6 weeks with a meniscus tear that he acquired from doing ticktok dances."
Imaginary hacky sack.
Called this early in the sub - Huge letdown as usual.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Is he playing today? I feel like this game would be a good warmup game for him.
"He's been activated and he's going to dress as an emergency back-up. So we'll get a look at him in a Steelers jersey, but the most strenuous thing he's likely to be doing is sipping gatorade."
"I doubt it, barring injury.  Maybe in a complete blowout situation? 

He's been virtual practicing all week, and they don't really want to play someone they haven't had a good look at in real practice, if they can avoid it."
"I don't believe he's cleared COVID-19 protocol yet to be activated for the game. He should just be on the inactive roster for the day.

The recent roster cuts and moves were to make room for him but not so he could play today. Next week is the earliest he can actually take the field for us I believe."
Likely not this week. I've heard a lot of next week though.
"From what I’ve heard he is a faster version of Vince williams, and he barely posted faster that Spillane in the 40. Spillane is 4 years younger and is an unknown commodity with regards to his talent ceiling.  Avery has been competent and above avg as a run stopper, kind of meh in pass coverage like Vince and Spillane. I’d rather have Spillane in more downs, a guy who is playing with house money and has nothing to lose and everything to gain from playing well. I think barring a colossal screw up by Spillane that Avery will be the backup for around 3 games while they try to coach Avery up to play as our coverage capable ILB. So long as he shows more in practice in coverage he will take the majority of defensive snaps with Spillane working in as the backup."
""
That was fun man.  A trip down memory lane.  I forgot about a lot of those names.  Specifically the tight ends.
"Man, talk about a walk down Memory Lane. Kimo von Oelhoffen? I feel old."
"In that 2004 season, the Cowboys went 6-10. It was part of six year stretch from 2000-2005 where they had a losing season four times and only made the playoffs once until Romo came along.

In case anyone was wondering whether the ""Nail-biter win over a bad team"" was new under Tomlin, or if it's simply how all professional sports play out. The occasional game with a blowout, like the Steelers and Browns game a couple weeks ago, does not change the rule."
Oh man this takes me back to when ESPN game highlights were real recaps of the game. Not just a 30 second highlight reel and the final score but actually letting you feel the highs and lows of the game.
"“Terry Glenn. She’s wide open”

That’s so awesome 👏"
Got to see this game in person. It was great.
I was just listening to these old NFL Primetime songs this morning. I love them
So many chill bumps
“Jerome Bertie now up to 2 yards per carry on the season”😂
This was the game I knew we had something special in Ben.
"VT's fumble was on 3rd down at about the 50.  The debate was whether to close out the game with a first down or play it safe, punt, and have the Steelers have to drive from deep in their own end.

Normally, trying to get the first down and finish the game out is the right call, but based on VT's history, they'd have been further ahead to keep the game out of his hands and run the ball."
I remember this game.
This title hurts to see eight hours late....
Dang big ben is old
""
Roethlisberger 2020
"Heyward 

Watt

2020"
""
You will never be loved like you will be loved by the city of Pittsburgh and Steelers fans.
Call me the United States cause I want to put more money into our already strong defense
He’ll end up cut since nobody will want to take on his contract/think Texans can get out with little to no dead money
"Hypothetical: Whats the most you would give up for him if you did not have to be concerned with the salary cap? 

I would do it for a 4th with possibly^andIsaypossibly talked into giving up a 3rd."
"Kevin, I know we don’t typically do this kind of thing. But I know that you know that we all know the window is closing. I saw the trade up you made for Bush. We watched you trade a first round pick for Fitzpatrick. We never thought you would do it! But you’re all in on #7, as are we. Now I am asking you again, please go get this man. 

FUCK THE CAP"
"There is no way we trade for him with his salary next year. There is a good chance no one does IMO since his salary isn't guaranteed.  Texas would be better off releasing him and letting JJ be a free agent.  Maybe then we can sign him to a ""I just want a championship"" kind of contract. Otherwise we can't afford him."
Could we collect the whole set?!
"$17.5M cap hit next year. You can get that down a good $10-12M with an extension, but that requires a pretty long back loaded extension for a guy who will be 32 by the time he plays a down for you."
"I would love to have JJ...

Id love to keep Bud even more"
It was my understanding that unless Ben retires there’s no way we’d have the money for him
"Eh, what position would he play exactly?"
Don’t do this to me. Don’t give me hope.
Someone photo shop a steelers Jersey on the watt family picture they took when they played the Texans
"Fuck it, tell him to lose weight and line him up at OLB when we lose Bud next year. None of it makes sense but 2020 makes me want the fucking gratification of it all."
Jaromir Jagr also should have retired as a Penguin.
"How about all the watt brothers sign up some team friendly deal. I’m sure the family is financially stable. Make a deal with tj, Derek, to take a partial hit, ask Jj to take a hit. And give them 2 maybe 3 years to see what can be done."
yes pls
THE WATT TRIFECTA
Soon we will have all the infinity stones
Ben really needs to take a huge pay cut
It would be awesome but do we really need him? Who are likely to lose on defense next year? Bud? Defense is still going to be stacked again. Feel like we can make moves on the other side of the ball that would help the team more
"Salary is the big deal with JJ, those claiming he's washed or ""where would we put him"" don't know what they're talking about. 

Firstly, I guarantee JJ ups his game especially if his little brother is on the line talking shit about how he's better, brotherly rivalry is a thing and JJ hasn't had a terrible season despite showing no interest in the shit show that is the Texans.

Secondly (something I haven't seen brought up), we could offer a 3rd to have the Texans eat a majority of JJs contract on a signing bonus. Texans are clearly going to be rebuilding, so I doubt the cap hit hurts them too hard given they're 11 mil under the cap and will be pushing for rookies. They already signed Watson and I doubt Johnson remains on the team, who is a 11mil cap hit. It makes things more complex to do it this way, but it makes sense.

The reason why JJ would be nice to have - if Tuitt or Heyward go down, we really don't have the depth to mask their production. Everytime Tuitt goes down, we feel it. Helping the rotation with Heyward, Tuitt, and JJ means they're all much more fresh in-game and less likely to be injured long-term from a high snap count, while *also* providing legit relief in the case of injury. Personally, I see this as an absolute win *if* we can get JJ here *without* having to eat his cap space. Long shot, but it's a legit shot."
"I would much rather he went to another team on a 2 year deal, and sign him when he's done with that team.  At that age he would be a solid backup/rotational player which we need a lot more than a solid starter"
"Cool, but there's no way we'll have the cap space to sign him without getting rid of enough high-cap players that the team becomes a non-contender."
Why? We run a three four
"Packers need a DE- he is going home, not the Burgh."
👏 TRADING 👏 FOR 👏 J.J. 👏 IS 👏 A 👏 WASTE 👏 OF 👏 (most likely) 👏 DRAFT 👏 CAPITAL 👏 AND 👏 CAP 👏 SPACE 👏
No! Great player but he’s always hurt and past his prime.
We don't have the cap but it would be nice to see.
the thought of winning a SB with his brothers and having that forever with his family has GOT to be a BIG draw for him...i don't think he cares about doing it by himself.....he would have to take a MASSIVE pay cut which also doesn't seem like a big deal to him....so maybe but Green Bay is probably at 85% to get him.
Imagine the glory of our defense
Would we even have the cap space for him??
I’m a Texans fan and I want Watt on a contender. He deserves it and it would be something if all 3 Watts were on one team.
We aren’t allowed to talk about this....according to folks on here....shhhhh
"Come on home, sir"
"We are much better off using the cap to keep Bud, JuJu and pay TJ like the star he is."
""
The King in the North!
He needs a bigger codpiece for his gigantic balls
Exquisite
Appreciate the challenge flag in hand
"Yup, that’s my coach, in all his glory"
Hopefully this season has a better ending than Game of Trones did. King of the north!
We need to get this on the sidebar of /r/ravens
I think every player has been featured in this
""
What does the title of the post have to do with the article
"We are good this year, but I feel a touch too inconsistent to win a Super Bowl. We have had incredibly good half-games, and horrible looking ones. I feel like if both the offense and defense were in rhythm for a whole game (even 3 solid quarters) we could beat just about anyone. Seeing the very best of some of the top contenders such as Seattle, Green Bay, KC, Titans, Ravens... I think we are CAPABLE of beating all of them (and we’ve beat two by the skin of our teeth) if we are firing on all cylinders with the team we have."
I guess this article can tell the future. Already giving us the win vs Dallas
Pretty damn good I’d say.
"We should be considered the clear favorite.  We're more in command of our division and our destiny than any other team in football, and our team is so well balanced, that a couple random injuries hurt us less than they hurt most other teams.

For all the whining you hear locally about, ""Oh, woe is us!  We're so inconsistent,"" go watch some of the other teams you think of as elite.  Just as a hint to the kind of inconsistencies you can expect, consider: if any other team were even *more* reliably good *and* ""consistent"", they too would be undefeated.

Every team has hits and misses.  What sets us apart right now is the fact that we have so much talent that usually, when we suffer at some phase of the game for a while, one of the other phases is there to pick us up.  We're pretty much the only team in 2020 for whom that is the case."
"Please make this game over quick. I have a lot I'd rather do than watch a game in which there is even a glimmer of hope. 

Thanks"
Just watch the 3rd quarter. You’ll love it. You’ll start thinking your team is a legit Super Bowl contender.
Really have a feeling this will be much closer than anyone is realizing.
"Real fans watch disappointing games through 

We had to put up with the infamous duo all last season"
Sorry that’s not how we do things in Pittsburgh.
Yeah I smell a TRAP game. Pleas no!
Just don't watch the game if you have better things to do. I'm a KU fan. I don't even bother wasting my time with their football games.
"Cowboys fan, you obviously haven’t watched much Steelers football. Our MO is to get a lead by the end of the half, and have the opponents needle us until our lead is only by three. We will force a fumble with a minute left at our 20 and win."
Tell Mike to throw in the towel early
This is aging well.
I think until Jerry jones gives up GM duties the cowboys r going to struggle to be a true super bowl contender.
Sorry not sorry that’s Steeler football we make things close for no reason but you guys are still in playoff contention!
[deleted]
""
I have one of those too!
i’ve been wearing a sweatshirt and a home juju jersey since week 1 and we won every game i didn’t have the sweatshirt on for the first half of last week put it on and we won so i’ll keep wearing that shit lmao
That’s awesome! Where did you get it?
Could you imagine beating Brady and Brown in the Superbowl?
That would be amazing! But I don't think I would be alive to see it because I would have died of a heart attack during the AFCG against the Chiefs
and 5 Coaches that either played for us or previously coached for us.
Only after beating Bell and the Chiefs in the AFC Championship.
"Bucs = retirement community (in Florida nonetheless) 

Pittsburgh west became the “Villages South”"
Not anymore
""
Love it! Like how it has the same texture...
"I have one of these as well. And let me say this before it even gets asked, it’s VERY breathable, one of my most comfortable masks to be honest. It has a softer texture than what it looks like. Highly recommend!"
WHERE DO YOU GET THIS
How can you post that and not tell me where to get it?  Your a monster.
[here](https://shop.steelers.com/pittsburgh-steelers-terrible-towel-face-mask) for anyone looking
I wear mine all the time...and I live in northeast CT...in patriots country. I’ve put up with so much of their fans shit...not so much this year!
""
He's probably gonna bust a nut today on the field by accident.
Bro NO! You need the post-nut clarity
Reminds me of the running back from Blue Mountain State lmao
"If he stays course by the end of the month he will be the league's leading receiver, quarterback, running back, kicker, returner, tackler, and commentator."
Watch him start aggressively dominating the next few weeks
"A stronger man than I, but we knew that already considering I post on Reddit and he is a Steeler."
RIP defenders.
Definitely doubt it
I do Not endorse this.
""
Wait - I'm just realizing their president's name is Dick Ass.
Was this you?
Meh...not bad for a running back.
Facts
""
Why 2 months? Where did you order that from?
No! Don’t wear it... wait till after this game
Well.... let’s all hangout here until we get some action.
"Rivers just had a chance to replicate Big Ben's TD saving tackle (lower stakes, obviously) but instead completely fucked it up. Add it on to the list of reasons Ben is the best of that class"
"My favorite stat so far: Steelers opponents are 1-5 the week after playing the Steelers. The only win is the Browns over Bengals. Ravens are losing today. 

Think about how badass we are that we literally cripple teams for an extra loss. Losing to the Steelers is basically losing two games."
"Every week I hope the Steelers win and the Ravens lose. So, right at this moment I'm a Colts fan."
Refs gotta bail the Ravens out again.
Did anyone see that Ravens call? Don’t want to ever hear those motherfuckers cry about refs again.
"I know we're all watching the Ravens-Colts game and rooting for the Colts, but can we get love for the Panthers right now? Them beating the Chiefs would put us at a solid spot for the first seed in the AFC. Right now it's 14-3 Carolina so things are looking pretty good."
Stupid ass ravens getting a strip
Imagine banking on Phil rivers to win a big game
"the ravens are excellent at ball stripping , we need to replicate that"
Ravens have a major steelers hangover... Zero rushing yards in the first quarter lmao
lol Ravens would be getting blown out if it wasn’t for that Fumble TD
"KC and Bal down 👀

Would shape up nicely for us"
My hot take for this week was the ravens and chiefs both lose
"Dez and Jesse James weren't catches, but that is. 

Yeah, ok 🥴"
Just saw the fucking Ratbirds ran back a fumble for a TD to tie it.
Baltimore lol
Jake Luton wtff
Always fun watching the Ravens get their asses beat.
Keep it up Indy!
Is it best for a Raven loss or Colts?
well recovery for allen
"Does anyone turn the ball over more than Baltimore ? Holy cow, it's too predictable."
I don't believe in Rivers whatsoever... but maybe he can not fuck up something for himself for once and beat a top tier team.
Redzone time
Holy hell let’s go panthers
Let’s go panthers!
"Dilemma. I want the Ravens to lose but I also know someone who is a Colts fan and the thought of them being miserable gives me great joy.

Perhaps a tie. Keep that Ravens Browns comparison going.

Also are the Bills gonna topple the Seahawks today?"
Live by the sword die by the sword
Every minute that passes in these games. We look better and better
Ravens and chiefs both in trouble today. Let’s prove why we’re kings of the AFC today! LETS GOOO!
Chiefs and Panthers just traded missed field goals
Was anyone else under the impression this was a 1pm game since last week? I’ve got footblueballs right now.
"Panthers just hit a fake punt on the Chiefs. And it was a beauty

Edit TD CAROLINA!"
One of my Steelers gcs is legit debating whether to watch Charli or Dixie Damelio tiktoks as good luck charms for the game
we have a steelers discord?
the WFT is cursed if you're a QB
The upside if the Ravens win? It makes the Steelers Defense look even better because at least we held on.
SNR is reporting that Juju and/or Chase Claypool were dancing on the Dallas star at midfield.
"'K,  Bills look utterly terrifying."
""
Wholesome content. Can confirm.
What a cutie! My daughter is expecting our new Steelers fan granddaughter in a few weeks. Can’t wait to see her in all the new Steelers gear I have already bought for her! Here we go!
Ha! Adorable....way to start ‘em young!
That smile is beautiful! Love the skirt and bow!
Adorbs.
"Chubby baby cheeks... check.
Baby wrist rolls... check.
Smol Steeler gear complete with bow... check.

Take the damn upvote haha"
"This should be a weekly tradition. All of you who have cute ass babies, post them before kickoff. They have been good luck charms so far"
Awesome!
Adorable😊
So adorable! Bless you and your beautiful family
Thanks for the baby pic but you might have cursed us or it was me
[removed]
Nuts are a good source of healthy fats so I don’t see why anyone would be concerned with cutting them out of their diet for a whole month.
"Doubt AB will either 

He’s just waiting for his comeback"
[deleted]
I perceive that you are a Prophet!
Told my wife the aame thing a couple weeks ago.
From your lips to god’s ears.
That would be the cats ass right there.
I’ll just take a super bowl man
"Ben rides off into the sunset, happy he can finally pig out on those oreo's and have those late 2am buffet sessions at Eat N Park with no more restrictions or judgement, and assume his final form: ""Mega Fat Fuk, worlds laziest man"""
""
"Nah, Running Backs run *forward*"
Big oof now
""
The OG TB12
TOUCHDOWN!
""
""
Damn not Dereks Watts
Definitely nothing unexpected
Glad to see Hilton out. And we got Reggie Watts out again I see
No real surprises. I’m on board to let Hilton and Watt rest up here.
"So whats was the point of cutting Nix? He played great for us, had one injured season, then we cut him to sign a guy who barely plays, and has only played 3 games at best. 

Furthermore, we cut Edmunds (who i expect to end back on the PS) who is the only thing close to a backup FB we had. Goddamn dude"
""
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Dallas Cowboys

AT&T Stadium- Arlington, TX

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:04

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * *|0|9|0|15|24|
|Cowboys|3|10|6|0|19|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|DAL|FG|1|(3:59) G.Zuerlein 38 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|TD|2|(7:52) (Shotgun) G.Gilbert pass deep right to C.Lamb for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DAL|PAT|2|G.Zuerlein extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|FG|2|(3:50) G.Zuerlein 44 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|PIT|TD|2|(1:16) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to J.Washington for 17 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|FG|2|(:02) C.Boswell 59 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|DAL|FG|3|(10:22) G.Zuerlein 45 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|FG|3|(2:17) G.Zuerlein 39 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|PIT|TD|4|(15:00) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to J.Smith-Schuster for 31 yards, TOUCHDOWN. PENALTY on DAL-R.Gregory, Unnecessary Roughness, 15 yards, enforced between downs.|
|PIT|FG|4|(7:15) C.Boswell 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(2:19) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to E.Ebron for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 3 | 16 | 46 | 309 | 20 |
| Cowboys | 7 | 70 | 144 | 220 | 19 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jqncsq/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_dallas/)
So we’re just actively treating this as a bye week. Got it.
"If he makes this I’m shotgunning my beer

Edit: Mama ain’t raise no bitch, I’ll brb my Yinzerz"
"That should’ve been a flag

But Claypool should’ve 100% caught that. It went straight through his hands"
"Weird. Once Ben starts play calling, we move the ball. Almost like our OC is a bottleneck."
There is no rule that the QB can't be the OC also
Whoever got the false start=mvp
Dear Ben's knee please be okay. I can't take another play with Rudolph.
"Thank God.

#Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger sustained a knee injury and was taken to the locker room prior to halftime to be further evaluated. He is expected to return in the second half."
How is dallas not getting flagged for jumping the snapper
"So everyone knows the first few series of a game are scripted offensive plays, everyone knows we struggle the first quarter of games until we stop using the game script. So at this point if the only way we score is when Ben can do what he wants why do we have a offensive coordinator?"
78 thank you very much for your service but let’s not get Ben killed when he’s already on one knee.
[deleted]
Good INT but damn it I wish Minkah would have just gone down in the end zone
"Maybe the defense wouldn't be gassed if the offense could stay on the fucking field. This is so stupid. I'm tired of people telling me Fichtner is anything better than the worst OC in the league. It's not even worth replying to you retards who still believe this shit. When I point out shit like how Ben changes the plays at the line or just straight up audibles out of garbage Fichtner playcalling you tell me that's not a knock on Fichtner. Actual fucking retards who argue with me on this sub about our incompetent OC.

Watch, all of a sudden Ben will start calling all the plays and the offense will be able to play football and people will tell me Fichtner did a good job. This shit is exhausting. It's the same shit every week."
"Whatever age I die, I want my family to know I would have lived another 20 years if I wasn’t a Steelers fan."
Help us Juju. You’re our only hope.
Second time they've gotten away with launching
The insurmountable 3-0 deficit. Fire everyone. Complete rebuild incoming!
Ben about to come out on those Aaron Rodgers drugs.
I want to see some replays on this guy jumping over. Because I have seen that shit called so often.
"People are saying to chill, but why? This is fucking humiliating. We have no offensive play calling and our defense is getting bossed by an AAF QB. Even if it isn’t even the second half this is fucking embarrassing"
WOW BEN IS CALLING THE PLAYS AND NOW WE CAN MOVE THE FUCKING BALL. FICHTNER IS SO GOOD RIGHT GUYS???? FUCKING MORONS
"Hahahahahaha made a fucking 59 yarder from Boswell is GOOD. 

Please let Ben be okay."
"Miss a 54, make a 59. 2020 in a fucking nutshell"
"Lmao y’all gotta stop overreacting 😂. If Claypool makes that tough catch, or the refs actually call PI we’d be winning already. It’s all good"
"You young'ns might not member the good ole days but back then when the Ben got hurt his passer rating received a +50 buff from badass mode activated. 

This is the most vintage game ever."
This is BY FAR the worst we’ve looked this season. Makes sense it’s in a game that we were prohibitive favorites.
Down 13-0. Y’all ready for run run incompletion? Because I sure fucking am
It’s funny how predictable this is starting to get. We need to get it together. It’s starting to get embarrassing
"Prediction: Ben comes out in the second half, lights up the Cowboys. Score 35-13 Steelers."
"I feel like Steelers underutilize JuJu. Every time things start going to him, big plays are made."
Everyone all week has been saying “trap game.” Apparently no one listened.
"I don’t blame that on boz , the cowboys were fucking in there"
"OH YE OF LITTLE FAITH. Kneel now before your master the Burger of Roeth whose knee though composed of putty shall support great heaves of mightiness and downward touches galore. 

Bask not in the glory of Steeler Nation this day, for ye who have forsaken the black and gold deserve none of the fruits of our labor.

Cower in your corners ye faithless. Cursed be your names."
"Pack it up boys, season's over. 

/s"
I can’t do another season of Rudolph. Seeing him at quarterback makes me want to puke
Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben.
Ben better trot his big oaf ass into that field for the second half
The Cowboys scored 22 points combined in their last 3 games. Already have 19 on an “elite” defense.
Oh fuck that’s not Boswell’s fault
[deleted]
So... anyone want to apologize?
Bruh that was the fastest quarter of football in history
"""Give it to me again, harder this time."" - Bos, probably"
"59 yards , a new record. Congrats to Boswell and the Steelers. Roy Gerela must be happy."
Juju needs to stay.
"Twice now dallas has jumped over the longsnapper, isnt that illegal?"
"Its time.

Defense. 

Its time

Show this dallas qb what the fuck pressure means."
3 PATs would slap right now
Boswell is entitled to a miss with how the rest of the team is playing. He has been strong the whole season
How much could we pay a Cowboys player to just run towards our sideline and BREAK RANDY'S FUCKING LEGS
Funny how our 2nd string QB never looked as good as their 4th.
Happened to watt 3 times but whatever
"1st and 10

No, 1st and 5

Scratch that, 1st and 15"
"""You are, without a doubt, the worst 7-0 team I've ever heard of.""

""Ahh, but you have heard of me."""
Are....are... We getting these kinds of calls now...?  Is this how it feels?
I WANNA SEE A WATT STRIP FUMBLE
That’s a chip shot FG to go up 8 points on a team with no timeouts.  What in the absolute fuck are they doing
what a game from minkah
I’m sending the county of Allegheny a health bill for 2 heart attacks in one week.. Fuck me..
Can ben just call all our plays? Fichtner is so trash
Run on 2nd and fucking 14. Fuck you Randy
TJ Watt at least has showed up.
Keep Buggs in. Send Mondeaux to the bus.
I can’t figure out how anyone looks at Rudolph and thinks “the future”.
Put Dobbs in. Rudolph sucks
I’m not watching mason rudolph play football for the next 8 weeks
God I'm getting flashbacks from last season with Rudolph at QB. Please Ben be okay man I don't think I can see this garbage for the entire second half of the season.
Alright. It’s halftime. Bless everyones and most importantly Bens knee. Cowgirls are still trash. Heart attack whole second quarter as is Steelers fashion. We can do this. Let’s riiiiide
"Guys don’t worry, I’m a PT. He passed the lipshitz test. He’s fine"
Cowher telling it like it fucking is haha
HOLY SHIT WE SENT DUPREE AND HE GOT HOME RATHER THEN GETTING BEAT IN COVERAGE ITS A GOD DAMN MIRACLE. I really hate butler
"That was a time consuming drive. In fact, most of the cowboys drives seem to go on forever. We have maybe 4 possessions left at this rate."
"Need 4, go for 30, = 0.  Steelers need to work on their math."
Looks like Ben is finay.seeing The bad matchups on JuJu
How is the ref going to call that holding when the Dallas OLine is literally wrapping around TJ and Dupree.
Who even had time to block? He ran 5 yards
Can anyone explain to me why they aren't calling the leaping over the LS?
Are they going to call this guy jumping over the center at all
Hard for Boswell to make a kick when you have froggy hopping over every time
"We'd be up if it weren't for those two blocked extra points...

Defense needs to make a stop on this drive and offense needs to at least get us in field goal range to put this away. 

This has been utterly ridiculous today."
"I thought you couldn't jump over the long snapper? Why is that not being called, genuinely asking."
I'd prefer a TD with under 20 seconds. I don't trust a field goal with that dude breaking through every time
"#WE DO THIS EVERY FUCKING WEEK


RELAX"
Why am I afraid of a 4th string qb making a 2 minute  comeback
Why would you not kick a field goal?!
A win is a win is a win
That's the worst I've ever felt after a win I think
"Chill it's the first quarter

Chill it's only halfway thru the second<- *you are here*

Chill it's only halftime

 Chill there's still a quarter left

Chill Ben has a great 2 minute drill"
Please god don’t make me watch a whole second half with Rudolph under center
"I literally just said out loud ""Watch us run a pussy ass draw play on 2nd and long"" and wouldn't ya know it."
[deleted]
Lol just imagine Steeler fans that we are in the playoffs and we are playing a team like the Chiefs and decide to be running on 2nd and 14..
"YiNzErS sAy FiRe OC wHeN 7-0

Imagine thinking Fichtner has any right to be the OC of a 7-0 team. Our offensive play calling is consistently ass"
I expected nothing less and yet I’m disappointed.
Im not even mad.  I think we all expected this.
Defense got bailed out lol. Cooper would’ve had the first down if he doesn’t fall. Why the fuck are they playing zone?
CANT WAIT TO RUN THE BALL. HERE WE GO. FAT FUCK RANDY.
Massive PI and defensive holding.  No call
Offense works when Fitchner isn’t involved
Its amazing how well we move the ball when we let Ben just do his thing.
"If mike Tomlin was wearing his sunglasses like the first 7 games of the season, we would not be having these problems"
Why don’t we let Ben run the offense all the time? Honest question. The difference is insane.
I'll take Ben in a wheelchair over Rudolph in the second half.
I don’t care if we get blown out as long as Ben can come back
"If Boz makes this I'll name my firstborn after him

edit: huh. Boz Summerlin has a nice ring to it at least."
This place is so bipolar right now and I love it.
If Ben didn't go in the locker room its tied. Mason sucks.
Whoever false started deserves a raise!!
"In Boswell we trust

&#x200B;

59-Yd Field Goal is *GOOD*!!!"
"Mason Rudolph observation...too much air under his throws, very little zip"
This game ain’t over until all the votes are counted
We are so good at making QBs who have never had any significant snaps look like they are seasoned vets with a couple rings lol
[deleted]
Still a one score game. I’m not panicking. But I am very annoyed with the playcalling and sloppiness. We should be torching this scrub defense.
can’t even blame Bos on that one
Is there some kind of higher force at work here?
"Center in fg formation cannot be touched, no?"
What the hell is up with these missed calls!? You can't use another person to launch yourself over the line. I'm so over this game
We just aren’t going to call the penalty for pushing the center down while jumping over the center? WTF is wrong with these refs. This is like 101. There should never be pressure over the center.
Damn those missed extra points are looming large
I thought jumping the line was a penalty?
"This is it. Ben, we believe in you. Fuck Fichtner and do your thing"
Jesus.  Is this how important Alualu is to the defense?
"If we can’t put up 20 points on this abysmal cowboys d, how the fuck do we plan on winning anything in the playoffs? This is a serious question."
I could go for one of those game winning drives about now.
Renegade still playing. Wife is telling me turn it down but im yelling at the D to turn it up. Tequila brought me here.
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHY WE DON'T KICK A FG AND GO UP 8 POINTS???????????
Not kicking the field goal was dumb as shit. Even if Boswell missed it or it got blocked they're not returning it for a touchdown and they still get the ball at the same spot they did.
[deleted]
Fire the special teams coach if you don’t trust his unit enough to kick a 30 yarder to put the game away
My heart has exploded and my liver has erupted. This team is killing me. Fuck it. 8-0 baby!
Y’all it’s still q1 let’s relax
Jesus you guys are soft lol
Highsmith is going to be a draft steal I think
"""2nd and 14...they'll never guess a handoff!""  

Yeah, there's a reason for that."
I really hope all you Fitchner apologists are watching right now
WHY IS HADEN BACK THERE
Huh who would have thought this could be a classic steeler trap game...... we’ll pull it out but it won’t be pretty
"Fire Keith Butler. 

I mean he should have been fired after the Jacksonville playoff game but I digress."
"Everyone else: I can’t believe the 1-6 cowboys are beating the Steelers 

Steelers fans: par for the course"
"This run, run, pass predictability is getting old. How the hell does the front office not see this? How can they turn a blind eye to such horrible OC?!?"
I’ve been watching the Steelers since I was 5 and they do this every year but god damn does it piss me off every time
It’s crazy how much of a difference we play when big Ben calls the plays versus when he doesn’t.
Hey these passes are working. Let's run a draw play 3x in a row.
"Halftime adjustments:
1) Let Ben draw plays in the dirt again
2) Don’t suck"
"Wow, they simply won’t call DPI’s"
Boswell baby what is you doin.
Sometimes it just takes a few wacks to get Ben going.  Kinda like an old TV
Queue the 2nd half knee brace.......pleeease
Ben’s blood has got to be more than 75% painkiller at this point
Not only did Ben will his team to a TD while injured he used the injury to bait the cowboys.   They thought he was going to continue to get it out quick and he used that to bait the double move.   Unreal.
"Things we learned, Rudolph is still bad."
That's the most pittsburgh thing I could ever see.
How many injections is Ben gonna get at halftime...?
Boz misses an extra point. Misses a 54 yarder. Drills the 59 yarder. The man is good at redeeming himself
God I hope Ben is ok... I can’t handle Mason the red-faced QB again.
The missed kick told him exactly how to adjust.  The irony
Robo-Ben better walk outta that tunnel for the second half
How about in future games we deactivate Mason and activate Dobbs?
yay.. pissed off Ben coming out if the tunnel! GO TIME!
"Call me crazy, but having Bud and TJ play middle linebacker doesn’t seem like a super effective strategy"
Is our goal to allow a field goal on every drive?
That gimpy knee. Fuck off nancy
Anyone thinking this team was going 16-0 isn’t aware of how hard it is to go undefeated in the NFL. Add in the fact that our bye week got moved to so early in the season and you can see it’s fucking amazing that we got to 7-0. Now I’m not saying we won’t come back in the end here. I’m just saying maybe temper your expectations a little
A pissed off Big Ben.scary stuff
"3rd and 4, better bomb it. Sounds about right"
We trying to get Ben killed? We saw what their pass rush did to the eagles and it feels like we completely didn't prepare
Just 4 safeties and we are back in this game
"tony romo: can you believe it if this is the game they lose?

all Steelers fans: yes"
"Honestly... I'm not saying we're gonna lose yet, but if y'all didn't expect this game to go this way, you ain't been watching Steelers football for the last 20 years"
We HAVE to find a way to resign juju. Just have to.
Why the heck did half the line not stand up for that kick!?
I thought you couldn't push off the blockers to try to jump the line?
I though you couldn’t jump the snapper anymore
Special Teams can fuck off
Should’ve just stayed in the endzone
WHY DID HE RUN IT OUT
I'm fucking hyped but Minkah you got to take a knee there.  20 yards of field position and now we're backed up.
Minkah and Juju doing it by their fucking selves
This is the drive for our offense to show we are 7-0. Can't go 3 in out right now.
As hard as I've been on this team for today it's hard to win more than 7 or 8 games when you're undefeated. Still. There's no reason for this to be a heart attack game against such a bad team.
Pick 6 from our D please
I thought you couldn’t jump over the snapper on field goals?
Can we please not allow a 14 play Gilbert led scoring drive
Why do the Steelers to this to us???
I can't get over Romo saying that was a good call to not kick the FG
TJ BEING HELD BY HIS F’n NECK!
I need to train my dog to dial an ambulance just in case I happen to be watching one of these games with no one else in the house.
"Never had a doubt, let’s fucking go"
"Yo, Bengals fan here. Boswell is elite. Someone please rewind their DVR and find the clip of Mike Tomlin pointing at and congratulating Boswell after he hit the 59 yarder and broke ya'lls franchise record."
Ma$on scans the field from the pocket like me looking to buy my wife the right tampons at Giant Eagle
"If we lose this game, alot of it is on Fichtner. This offense is pathetic. 9 points on a 2-6 team."
[deleted]
Should of been a flag for Holding    😒
"How DARE that inferior team score on us first?

We must enact absolute punishment in response to these inappropriate actions!"
I just want Ben to yell back “NO” the next time a screen is called
randy fichtner is shit
"Imagine coming out as a big road favorite and just not completely sucking shit every single time.  

It must be nice."
This offense runs a whole lot better when it isn’t hamstrung by Rustbelt Randy
CBS shows all look universally terrible.  Always.
Ben needs to trade helmets with Kam Canaday or Sean Davis or something so he can’t hear Fichtner anymore
25 yards in the first quarter against Dallas’ practice squad defense. I mean sure I guess because me being frustrated means “I’m NoT a StEeLeRs FaN”
Touching moment guys. This is my son's first trap game. He doesn't understand why we are playing so badly. They grow up so fast.
Today is god damn birthday and I want is to stay undefeated. Let's go dammit!
"-	has success passing
-	call two consecutive run plays for no gain"
Slow starts are frustrating as fuck
"Seriously, absolutely fuck Keith Butler. TJ needs to give him a good slap."
Actually insane that this team has had so many weapons on offense this decade and can’t find a decent coordinator
Why do games like this happen every goddamn season man lol
"2 scores down to a team with a scrub QB. If you’re a pro, you’re embarrassed"
Someone just unplug Randy's headset and tell Ben he can have first crack at the buffet afterwards if we win and we'll be fine..
Let Ben cook it up meth lab style
FUCKIN PI
Did the cowboys just unlock mid season injured ben? Hope he is good. That sucks.
"How are these pass interferences not being called. Oh yeah, they're not being committed by the Steelers"
"Now you've unleashed injured Ben, you fucked up Dallas"
"And that's what happens when you let Ben call the plays and not Fichtner. 

I'll say it again, fire Fichtner."
Guys I fucking love Ben Roethlisberger
Missed PAT indoors? You got to be fucking me
Good thing we learned from last season and invested in a good backup QB
We really could have used our regularly scheduled bye two weeks ago. Thanks Titans
Oh. I didn't miss Rudolph
This is what life without Ben looks like
How could anyone forget how bad Mason is... you watched last season right
Mason Rudolph on my tv is giving me PTSD
Mason Rudolph spends his off-season training with Limas Sweed
This game is a meme
"BOZ ! See, 54 yds was too short a field"
The false start was a strategic move
Was that really a franchise record long FG?!
Let me miss this PAT and kick a 59 yarder-Boswell probably.
"Ahh...the strategic false start to kick a longer field goal after missing a shorter field goal.

Just like they drew it up."
good job on Boswell there since he got iced like three times lmao
How can the the cowboys have a 4th or 5th qb that can throw a ball but the steelers can’t find a second stringer that can zip it. Mason floats it w zero power. He sucks. Put dobbs in.
"I've been searching Twitter for updates on Ben. I found this from Burt Lauten the  Pittsburgh Steelers Director of Communications. Hope he's right

[https://twitter.com/SteelersPRBurt/status/1325572772022587392](https://twitter.com/SteelersPRBurt/status/1325572772022587392)

 [\#Steelers](https://twitter.com/hashtag/Steelers?src=hashtag_click) QB Ben Roethlisberger sustained a knee injury and was taken to the locker room prior to halftime to be further evaluated. He is expected to return in the second half."
Cowher still one of us
They said Ben is expected to return
Remember to thank the Titans for fucking up our Bye. Still a lot of season left to play.
This cowboys team is pretty good. Especially that Brady guy
Being down 1 possession at this time isn't bad given how this game has played out. Now it's on Ben and the offense to answer.
"This is where the O starts doing Pittsburgh things, let’s fucking go!  About to be 8 and 0."
Like where the fuck is our offensive line today?
Big al almost got him killed
"Honestly, Baltimore was less painful to watch at this point last week."
3rd and 4: try to chuck it for 35 yards when we haven't hit on a deep ball all game. Big brain Fichtner
This is the laziest tackling I've seen all season
Can’t wait for us to come out and run 2x then chuck it deep
"Outside of the fumble, Dallas has had a long drive & points on almost every drive."
"""Can you believe if this is the game that they lose?""

Literally every Steelers fan called it."
Juju is the answer.
"I dont give a fuck how ugly it is.

A win is a win. We got this."
Canaday has been getting blown the fuck up off the snap
Juju and Ben are the only ones on offense who came to play
I truly don’t understand how that’s not leverage?
I wish I could be as shit at my job as Danny Smith and not have to worry about being fired. Leave his ass in Dallas.
Minkah Fitzpatrick the goat 🐐
Wish they'd just kneel in the endzone for the touchback on those.
almost shit all over the floor when that flag came out oh my god
I have worn a jersey for every win this season. Today I didn’t wear one for whatever reason. I put one on right before the interception by Fitzpatrick. I’m so sorry everyone. Won’t happen again.
Tony who gives a fuck if it was open handed
Wish we had 2 more points rn
Really missing those two XPs right now.
At least we have a return guy that can hang onto the ball.
EAT OUR DICK DALLAS
"Would it really be a steelers game if our blood pressure and heart rates weren't elevated x3, with our assholes clenched, drenched in sweat, watching our defense save the game yet again?"
Steelers football and heart palpitations. Name a more iconic duo.
Oh mama I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law...
"#YES YOU OVERREACTED WHEN WE WERE DOWN.

ITS OK I FORGIVE YOU. Same time next week?"
lol if steelers lose tomlin bout to get lit up
Why do 15 out of the 16 games every year have to be heart attacks?
Pittsburg Dad is gonna need CPR
A field goal sure would be nice right now
Dumbass decision Tomlin. Thank you Minkah for the win
Best use of a first round pick ever
tf we really gotta do better so these games dont come down to the final play all the time.
**I CANT TAKE ANYMORE OF THESE GAMES** THIS TEAM WILL BE THE END OF ME
And here I was looking forward to a stress-free Sunday.
Why leave the endzone??
CATCH THE BALL DAMMIT
"Romo, king of understatements.  Cowboys get away with a little bit of a hold."
I know that probably could’ve been a penalty but I’d like to see Claypool go get that ball
Highsmith first sack
My goodness some of you! Lol!!
Pathetic
Now this is Steelers football 😎
You have to love that run play on 2nd and 14. Truly astounding play calling.
No idea why this team gets complacent against teams like this. It’s absolutely ridiculous
Run run pass punt. That sounds like a Randy special 🤣
"Every week I bitch about Fitchner and every week he continues to deliver sub-par offensive playcalling. We have all this young talent and it feels wasted for so much of every game.

Glad to see we're back to our predictable run run pass."
Worst 1st quarter of the season
Can we just let Ben call the plays? Donate fat fuck Randy's paycheck to something
Romo reading this shit like a book.
"Running on 2nd and long has a massive gap (compared to passing) in terms of EPA. The Steelers have done it twice on two drives (with Benny Snell no-less) and punted two plays later each time.

Only six teams in the NFL run less often than the Steelers in that spot, and three of them have mobile QBs which clouds the numbers. 

I'm not overstating it when I say that specific play-calling tendency is one of the biggest thing that stands in the way of Steelers' offensive consistency."
supposed to be the easiest team to run on in the league right?
Zeke looks stoned out of his mind on the sideline.
8 completions in a row into 3 straight runs for a yard and a hald
Somehow a 4th string QB is secretly Lamar and Brady combined
"THIS IS STEELER FOOTBALL!
(If your new, welcome to the trap game)"
About to go down 10-0 to the cowboys looking bad in the process.
"Haven’t scored in 110 minutes of game time, 4th choice QB who is starting his first game. Yeah I don’t know why I didn’t see this first half coming. 

Hopefully we can make some adjustments soon to counter this."
"I'm not worried about the outcome yet, but I hope these guys are thoroughly ashamed of themselves."
"All the veteran Steelers fans are just vibing, we freak out in the second half if shit hits the fan"
"Damn, much respect to Dallas for that. Holy shit"
Do we want to play today or what?
"Broncos fan here, ya'll are not gonna lose to the cowboys so chill..."
That was a long ass commercial Amazon lol
"Dallas - Stacks Box  


Steelers - Lets run up the middle"
Ben’s calling plays and we’re moving. Who woulda thought that??
After this two minute warning I want a quick TD strike to Claypool or Juju. Make it happen
 FLAG ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Didn't know you can tackle someone like that before the ball arrives.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME WITH THAT NO CALL??!?!?
What the actual fuck is going on with the missed calls Jesus Christ. That was a fucking mugging on Chase and that was a huge fucking miss on that hit on Ben
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN BEN STARTS CALLING PLAYS LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Ok that drive convinced me that randy sucks and Ben needs to be the oc
Boz has been demoted to boz demigod
"Ya know, other teams get roughing the passer calls for a lot less than that double-sided hit Ben took. But it’s Ben and the Steelers, so we don’t get those calls"
"A wounded animal is the most dangerous, especially when its cornered. *Big* mistake, Dallas, you should have killed him"
How is mason still so unprepared
Just practicing for that 59yd kick.
Best false start of all time
Boz missed from 54 but hits 59 lmaooo
ok boswell you can get back to town nvm
[deleted]
"That’ll do Boz, that’ll do."
Well that's a career long I believe.
"I am sorry I doubted you, Bosgod. Please don't forsake me"
Longest FG in Steeler’s history!
"Please for the love of god, let Ben be okay"
BOSGOD
"The ice your own kicker with a false start so he gets an extra practice kick, just like they drew it up."
"11/10 level iq play there. Knowing your kicker is going to miss so you intentionally false start.

Next level stuff."
Please just let Ben's knee be okay. Please
"If Pittsburgh was a Pokémon;

Ability - Slow Start"
Cowher restraining himself very well from punching that dude while he smack talking the Steeler's
"If they’re letting Ben back in, they ought to put a brace on that knee."
Why are Watt and Dupree getting matched up against Cooper and Lamb
8-0 looked so easy but now it looks like an un-needed battle to the death.
"All things considered we've given up one shitty TD and then a FG off a big special teams play and this FG. 

Need the offense to show up."
ok ben. get a TD now. for reals.
Play calling continues to be garbage. No doubt it was making Rudolph even worse.
Are the refs actually going to call PI in the 2nd half?
We only needed FOUR effing yards. Not 40!
"Dallas: 6m fg drive 

Steelers: 3 and out."
3rd&4 doesnt mean bomb it 40 yards
Well at least Berry is doing well.
really need to start throwing the check downs
"Jesus, that was a massive hit on Ben

Fucking hell, I’ll be disappointed but I’ll take a loss if we leave this game fully healthy"
How can we manage to always make bum quarterbacks look like Jesus in his prime
3rd and long? Sure let them just easily run it
They're leading us by 10 min in ToP precisely because we can't stop the rush worth a shit.
Thank God McCarthy is a pussy and kicked the FG
Defense is gassed. Can’t keep up. Tackling is garbage.
"Steelers look severely outcoached today. Who knows, maybe the loss of a bye week is catching up to them but the effort and game plan is pathetic so far."
This isn’t a clunker against a 6-10 team this is an embarrassment against what barely can be considered an NFL roster. Super Bow caliber teams don’t have games like this.
C'mon. Need some audibles to throw their rookies off.
Bens MVP run starts right now
Juju has been open all day but have been wasted by all the deep throws. Glad they finally see he is getting open
JUJU was the whole drive good shit
CAN THEY NOT PROTECT THE KICK???
That’s when you know it’s just not your night lol
Boosting on the long snapper is illegal isn't it?
FFS what are our ST doing today.
"Seriously, did everyone forget how to tackle in the last week??"
should've kneeled that one
"THANK YOU MINKAH, VERY COOL"
Kinda wish he hadn't run it out lol.
Minkah Pickpatrick.
"“Oh it wasn’t a punch” ... yeah, his arm was just swinging for no reason 🙄"
All I know is that the villain in football movies had neck pads.
Claypool was open too!!! Dammit man
Those fucking extra points
We should be up 1 right now
We need a count on how many balls Ben has had knocked down at the line this season. It's like an astronomical amount.
KICK THE BALL OUT PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Watt sack coming followed by Watt interception coming.
It’s time for a TJ watt strip sack.
Mongo like tackle
"ok ben, do this. you got this. youre a hall of famer. this is what you do."
21-19 is the final
Now all we have to do is keep a 4th string QB out of the endzone and it seems like a fucking impossibility lmao.
Apparently you gotta game plan for Gilbert.  Who knew?
Oh great... zone defense time
Bend don't break. Bend don't break. Bend don't break.
I honestly want to know what happens when we game plan against bad opponents.
"Oh mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law"
Sometimes the Steelers play like a drunk person who's trying to demonstrate they are not drunk
We're gonna win on a pick in the endzone with like 2 seconds left because that's how things work 🤷‍♂️
CAM HEYWARD IS MY DAD
"Ugly win. But please remember, the Chiefs barely beat the Panthers 33-31 today. All NFL teams (good and bad) are still NFL caliber teams. The difference is that the best teams always find a way to win."
WHY THE FUCK DIDNT YOU KICK A FIELD GOAL
Serious question.  Why didn’t the Steelers just kick the field goal and go up by 8?
Why didn’t they just kick a fucking field goal?
"Oh man, theres that feeling again"
HOW DO YOU NOT GO FOR A FG
I know Boswell has been ass today but u kick the FG and you’re up 8
In no world do you not kick a field goal there
Why the fuck didn’t we kick a FG 💀
Why didn't they kick the fucking field goal!!!!!!!
If they steal this Tomlin losing a lot of goodwill.
Whatever happens. Not kicking it was a bad call. 8 point lead gives you some leeway. Boz missee it were in the same situation
ONCE MORE D. ONCE MORE
Steelers taking YEARS OFF OF MY LIFE
2 weeks in a row... Minkah with the game saving deflection. He had himself a big game today.
Why does this team want to kill me in my mid 20s?
Rudolph throwing with the velocity I throw tennis balls to my dog in the back yard
Nothing would be more Steelering than beating the ravens only to lose to the Dallas Cowboys.
Damn after one drive y’all kill me 😂
I swear Ben acts like he’s hurt to fake teams out then he starts dropping dimes. Big brain Ben
"Y’all really have no faith. Bunch of knee jerk reactions instead of looking at the big picture. Down by 4 into the half is nothing. Even if Rudolph stays in he’s got more experience than Gilbert with a wide array of weapons and the top defense in the league at his back.

Tomlin is king of 2nd half adjustments. Just...chill."
PSA: You can't decline a false start as the play should have been dead before the clock starts.
Anyone else upset seeing someone run around wearing 99 and it's not Brett Keisel?
"What. A. Fucking. Trainwreck. 

DALLAS HAD ONLY PUNTED ONCE. WITH A FOURTH STRING QB. this is why the chiefs got rated ahead of us."
"Gameday meal: Chili paneer and gobi manchurian, Indo-Chinese fried rice, and flatbread with paneer"
3 beers in at the bar.  LETS GO!!!!
"plz, for the love of god, DON'T FUCKING PLAY DOWN to the cowboys. just play your game with no injuries and GTFO"
"Jesus, can I wear sunglasses kicking in that direction?"
"Highsmith making splash plays already, love to see it!"
 TJ has the fastest time off the line I’ve ever seen
The 2nd down play call. What a bold call.
STEELERING IN PROGRESS
Run run short pass.  Absolutely brilliant fitchner
"Ok it’s hard to be mad on a macro level at a team that’s 7-0, but this is an absolutely pathetic start"
Even Dionte Johnson looked at fitchner like wtf is this on that drive
Ben for OC 2020
Omg these yinzers want to fire a coach/coaches off of a 7-0 team.
McCarthy has like 4 chins it's kind of impressive
That was really superb discipline from the Dline and LBs. Very good awareness to be able to tell they were just trying to draw them off.
for everyone that didn't notice on that punt return with Haden returning the defense was on the field. I guess in case the Cowboys tried to do something funky on 4th & inches
Zeke looks like a fucking Ewok
I’m not a RB but sometimes I feel like they need to just keep R-ing instead of wiggling all around
Someone remind Fichtner that James Conner exists
Man this run game is worrying Oline losing big time
"6'5 240lb QB with a yard to go.

Let's go in shotgun rather than sneak it."
I miss Jerome Bettis
Mondeux is fucking trash
"Classic trap game

Fichtner apologists all over this sub most predictable play calling in the NFL. Without a HoF QB operating it our offense was anemic since Randy’s playbook is dogshit. Even with a HoF QB operating it, its hit or miss"
They are literally playing with us. This game is everything I expected.
[deleted]
Looking forward for halftime adjustments because that’s embarrassing right now
"Huh, looks like Dallas got MVP Vick in disguise as their QB"
You can tell these guys walked in to the stadium thinking this would be any easy win
I really hope this isn’t going to be another Steelers special against a fucking shit team
Why can this 4th string QB execute long drives but our team can’t?
This thread is always so depressing
"I really didn't want to believe this would be a trap game. 

How do you look this bad against a 3rd stringer"
STOP PUTTING WATT IN COVERAGE
Must be our annual “play down to the opponent” game
So we keep covering WRs with LB huh?
WHY THE FUCK IS WATT ON FUCKING LAMB
Why is Watt given that assignment?
What THE FUCK defense is this? Are you fucking serious?
TJ Watt covering a WR on third down.
Why the fuck is tj on ceedee
Playing down to losing teams. Classic Steelers.
Why the hell do you have tj watt covering and not pass rushing. I honestly don’t understand
Why can’t this team ever address the basic problem or thinking they can beat bad teams by just showing up and not being prepared against them?
Someone help me explain how we aren’t even blitzing and yet we leave a dude wide open in the end zone. Make it make sense.
"3 attempts to get 1 yard and we can't get it.

Our running game really is garbage"
Why the fucking fuck is TJ Watt on Lamb instead of breaking havok on the OL
Are they still people defending this play calling? It's just funny at this point. I am so fucking disappointed so far. It doesn't matter being 7-0 or 0-7. This game preparation is terrible so far.
what a shitshow
the epitome of Steelers football baby
Can’t be mad at that play. Dallas showed up to play and so far we haven’t
Getting out played and outsmarted. I’m pissed off.
everybody in here acting like they expected different...this is a steelers special
You know what. Fair play on that punt return. Shows a good use of a trick play unlike we are used to when we call fake punts etc.
I know we are notoriously a second half team but Jesus
TRAP GAME.  Fuck me.  We are playing like HORSE SHIT
We are being outplayed in all 3 phasea
Ok guys. This upcoming drive is THE drive.
on the plus side Berry is absolutely boomin' the ball
Welp time for another run run pass 3 and out
I still think we win. But this was predictable. And we can put to bed the idea for the time being that we are as good as the Chiefs. And it doesn’t matter right now anyway. What matters is who is better at the end of the year. And clearly we have a lot of room for improvement which is actually a very nice thing to say about a team that is 7-0
"0 points in a half is UNACCEPTABLE, no matter who you’re playing, let alone one of the worst defenses in the league"
If for our offense to be functional Ben has to make up plays in the huddle then Randy Fitchner isn’t being effective
let’s just let 2 minute ben be 60 minute ben instead and have randy take a vacation
"No PI.

No hands to face on the DT.

Are there refs?"
Lmao.....wait what? That isn't PI?
Everyone knows that hurt Ben is best Ben
Great job Ebron
Ben’s gonna have the Aaron Rodgers  post  game interview: “MY KNEE”
We needed that touchdown but the cost on Ben's health this drive is too much
"Ben starts calling the shit he knows he can do with a tweaked knee

Randy exits the picture

TD"
Boswell bruh come on
Jesus Christ Boz
See flair.
Ben and Boz secretly swapped knees during replay
Let’s fucking go Ben. Way to be fucking tough.
"So healthy Ben is trash, but 1 legged Ben is the goat..."
Ben plays the best when he's a little banged up
Pump fake = automatic TD
I’ll take hobbled Big Ben over Mason any day.
I wasn't nervous until now. If we end up with Rudolph second half we are most likely fucked
Fuck... I do not want Mason in there
"I love all of yinz, but calm down. 1.) This is Steelers football, so it’s not over till it’s over and 2.) it’s going to be fine even if we lose. We’re still a great team. I’d rather lose this game than lose Ben or have another starter out."
" **If the ref's make the correct and obvious pass interference call on the claypool long pass, Ben doesn't take that hit and injure his knee on the next play.**"
Rudolph looks like he’s lobbing horseshoes instead of a football
Dear god Rudolph sucks.
Active dobbs next week pls
Dobbs could've at least scrambled and made a play.
We really need Ben to be ok...
Who got their online PHD and wanna early diagnose this bitch
Ok time to sign fitzmagic
Is it too late for Fitzmagic?
Haha... 59 yard attempt shot now
watch Boz make the 60yd fg now LOL
Luckiest false start ever.
"BOZ FUCKING GOD

HAVE MY KIDS"
Bozgod wanted a challenge.
Not gonna lie I’m fucking stunned he made it from that far lol
Boswell fucking redeemed himself holy shit
BOZDEMPTION
Tactical false start
"Of course Boswell gets a 59 yard field goal, congrats to him"
Just hope bens knee is good
"Great job, Wizard of Boz!!

Now really, is Ben okay? Because we need him so bad."
Is ben ok?
"Rudolph still trash then, good good"
"I actually like Dobbs better than Mason. Dobbs has a way stronger arm. Mason throws ducks, no pun intended."
Steelers seem to stalk their prey for a while ...then strike. No half heroes
Everyone! Lend Big Ben's knees your energy!!
Don't usually get on Randy but his play calling has been sus this first half
He’s backkkkkk
I love Ben’s willingness to play through injuries but he is going to have a shitty retirement. Dude has broken and torn everything.
I hate how moody this team makes me lol. Guess I’ll watch a drive or two and see what happens. Hope Ben isn’t trying to play through anything serious
"&#x200B;

It is a proven fact.   The more beat up Roethlisberger gets, the better he plays...."
am i stupid or did romo just say that cooper had a juicy ass
Why haven’t we utilized the new LB at all? I thought he was good in the run
I’m glad Minkah stayed home on that play
Feels like the d has no sense of urgency
Stop dropping Dupree and watt in coverage!!!!! Fuck me
Lmao. Getting absolutely destroyed by a 2-6 team with a fourth string qb playing in his first game.
Let us not forget this very good Cowboys team is fighting for first place in their division. No shame in having to struggle against them.
Finally Bud. Nice
"All y’all who were talking shit before this game knowing full and well the Steelers love a good trap game. You did this to us

/s"
"Cowboys in their last three games combined = 22 points 
Cowboys today = 16 points in 2.3 quarters"
"Last thing we need is Ben getting knocked around more, just let him call what he sees"
I bet randy called every play on that drive
"3rd and short, better bomb it out."
"Wide open Conner down low. Instead, take a terrible hit and throw a shit pass."
Villanueva needs help he’s gonna get Ben killed
Ben’s gonna be sore tomorrow.
Anyone who is at all surprised at this performance must be new here
Is Ben really the only thing keeping Randy employed here?
How many times can we have a LB guard a WR??
Are we playing against Tom Brady? What the fuck is this??
How do all these 3rd stringers always turn into tom brady against us?
Getting absolutely carved up by an AAF QB is such a Steelers thing to do lmao
My boss is a cowboys fan and he was expecting the worst for this game but I told him don’t worry the Steelers will find a way to disappoint me
None of us were joking when we said last week that we would make this guy look like Brady.
The effort isn't there.  Dallas wants it more.  Frankly they deserve it.  Gotta show every week.
"Cam sutton scared to make the tackle smh. Besides Haden the Corners playing scary, make the tackle. Missing Hilton right now."
It's so easy for them. They are doing whatever they want with us making zero adjustments.
I’m not sure if the offense or the defense should be more embarrassed. Just pathetic.
"We’re playing a 4th string QB yes but remember butler is a Moron. Nothing but zone, constantly dropping Dupree and watt in coverage and getting zero pass rush"
"Wow. So they can’t score AND they give up 6:15 in one possession. 

Not looking good. Our D is not good against the run anymore."
"While I do like Watson as a QB, he is a terrible actor and that AWS commercial is unwatchable."
"It’s like this team doesn’t even care about the one seed. They talk about how the super bowl is the goal and yet they play down to every opponent. 

The defense has been completely exposed by this point. It’s not good enough without Bush"
"Dallas studied our game plan and we kept it the same because we underestimated them. We studied their game plan and they changed it. Even if we win, this game is obnoxious."
God damn I want Dallas to choke. Bring the game back already.
Sigh. Shooting themselves in the foot.
Steelers aren't even trying anymore
God bless Juju man
I think we haven’t won a ball game in Cowboys Stadium yet. Correct me if I’m wrong.
Niiiiice juju. Okay D time to step up
"For the 4th Quarter, Let’s stop playing like Clark Kent and put on our Superman outfit."
Juju cannot be a cap casualty next year. /thread
"Yet another game where once JuJu is targeted, the tides turn."
He walked right through the center
Special teams today🗑
"0% Boswell’s fault.  The first one was on him, but that defender waltzed in and Bos had no shot"
Do we have a special teams coach? Or are we just winging it?
Just kick the ball out of the back of the end zone you dumb fucks.
I feel like we ask this almost every game... How does Danny Smith still have a job? He’s never been anything more than average and pretty consistently a breakdown awful game once a month.
FUCK THIS SPECIAL TEAM PLAY. They are cost us this game.
"Give me a competitive loss, I'm cool with that.  But we get this shit all the time."
fuck zeke and fuck this gilbert guy. jam their dick into the dirt
Minkah ffs go down for the touchback
"&#x200B;

Minkah Fitzpatrick so goood!!!"
M I N K A H
Minkah doing a lot lately
Shoulda stayed in the end zone.
Bout time for a 98 yard maple TD
Why didn’t he fall in the end zone? Adrenaline?
Another Juju 97 yard td?
Dear baby Jesus in a tux let the good guys got get a  TD
Where’s the guy who said fire tomlin and cut Minkah?
Juju 90 yd td?
So that was a -19 yard return for Minkah
"Come on Steelers. You gotta pull through, Cowboys have the worst defense in the NFL. Don’t let the Cowboys win ffs"
"I swear, there are people on this sub who downvote any comment that mentions the name Cowher. Even if something completely innocuous and factual like “Bill Cowher was the coach like time Pittsburgh and Dallas played in the Super Bowl.” It’s as if they think even acknowledging that we had a coach prior to Mike Tomlin is somehow a criticism of Tomlin. Like that scene in the Lion King when Scar lost his shit over people saying the name Mufasa."
Wheeeew we got lucky there
You would never know Claypool was a rookie by the way he runs his mouth out there.
I LOVE REFBAL
Really wish we had made that extra point
Defense needs to stand up and destroy
We should be winning. Thanks to special teams gaffes
Man claypool was WIDE on that 2nd down
That papadia looks gross
Defense is going to be crucial this drive
"TJ with 3 deflections today? 

TJ SWATT"
SACK THIS FOURTH STRING REJECT.
Great now someone MAKE A GODDAMN PLAY
Everybody take this commercial break for a breather and get your heart ready for anything.
Their 4th stringer is a million times better than Rudolph
"On one hand, we’re in a great position to take the lead and win. On the other hand, this game has been ass"
Feed Juju!
THIS MIGHT JUST BE A RENEGADE MOMENT COMING UP
We are getting bailed the fuck out this game
Didn't expect that from Ebron
Ebron is a monster
Fuck. Of course we don’t get the 2.
"Fuck OK, this is all defense now."
"*chuckles*

I'm in danger"
Quick shout out to the refs.
"Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life
From the long arm of the law
Lawman has put an end to my running
And I'm so far from my home
Oh Mama, I can hear you a crying
And you're so scared and all alone
Hangman is coming down from the gallows
And I don't have very long"
LETS GO DEFENSE
Defense still playing soft.  We are getting burned in zone and man-2-man.
Getting destroyed in fantasy. I'll gladly take the L if it gives us a W against the cowboys.
Really wish we had those PATs
"Two types of fans in the world-

Me: twirling my terrible towel in the living room screaming at the tv

My wife: sitting quietly on the couch with her terrible towel over her head and eyes cause she can’t watch this haha"
TJ Watt is the true DPOY. It might not show in every stat
CAMMMMMMMM!!!!!! Let's goooooo!!!!!
I would just love to have one sunday where i can relax and have a nice blowout
You could almost hear Cam say “I aint losing this shit” as he went through the line.
Very concerning to be this close to a 2-6 team
WHY TF DO YOU GO FOR IT
Wtf Tomlin. Wtf
No field goal to make it an eight point lead? wow
Why not kick the FG and go up 8?
What the actual fuck. What. The. Actual. Fuck.
Yeesh... and now not kicking the field goal is a big issue after 1 play
"A field goal makes it an 8 point lead, they'd need a TD and 2 point just to push OT. Why the hell did we not do that?"
[deleted]
"Absolutely awful decision. Kick the field, go up 8, and take more time off the clock with the kickoff."
Holding on tj lol
Lol if we lose this is all on coaching
DONT STOP THE COUNT
Like... What the fuck guys... This was supposed to be a second bye week.
Lol Minkah there again wow
"&#x200B;

Steelers stay unbeaten!!

Win 24-19"
"I gotta say, everyone (anouncers and other fans) pretending this is shocking. You could see we were gonns do this from a mile away"
Minkah!!!
SAME EXACT PLAY AS LAST WEEK WITH FITZPATRICK
"GAME BALL TO MINKAH, HOLY DEJA VU"
My heart needs a bye week
Can the refs call a hold??? That guy nearly killed TJ
I hope this means 2 weeks from now we're going to slaughter the Jags since we've now had our trap game.
The toll on my heart these past 3 sundays.  Might need to visit the docs
I just want to point out that I still want to pick up/draft a real Ben replacement. The idea that if Ben goes down and we're stuck with Rudolph/Dobbs after the amazing season we've had thus far is scary af.
Ben's deep ball has been off all year
If this drive doesn’t show that Randy needs firing idk what anything means - Ben is doing everything himself... on ONE LEG
I went pee and missed the TD. Guess I’ll just listen to the rest of the game from the bathroom.
This game thread is a dumpster fire of negativity already. We have the best team in the league but a real shitshow of a fanbase at times.
WE’RE ALREADY IN THE 4TH? STOP THE COUNT!
If this sub coached our team we would be 0-7
Got to catch that
Bro you gotta catch that
Catch that bro
Claypool should’ve had that one. Not on Ben
Claypool has to catch that
As long as that stuff is called evenly I'm okay with it.
"I hate this damn Allstate ad. I keep thinking it's gonna be Inception related, it's not, I'm disappointed, fuck you Allstate."
"Interviewer: What went into the decision in making Gilbert the starter?

McCarthy: I just thought about which guy I would miss the least."
Fuck I forgot to play Renegade before the game. It’s my fault. I was doing homework. I’m so sorry. Do I play it now or what?!?
This thread does not believe in the power of positive thinking.
"With that LB Alex Highsmith sack, Pittsburgh has registered at least 1.0 in 65 consecutive games, which is the longest active streak in the NFL. The 65-game streak is the longest in regular-season franchise history..."
Fucking conservative I see
Stop. With. The. Shit. Play. Calling.
WE GOT AN UPDATE
Fucking annoying play calling
Steelering intensifies...
Fucking hate randy sphincter
Can Ben just go hurry up in the first quarter?
So um can I start to worry now?
"I wonder how long it's going to take Randy and the two time to break down this... formidable...Cowboys... defense...?

Like if we fire Randy does the two time walk away or something? Is that why he has to be here?"
Can Ben call the plays?
Colquitt's not doing that.
Randy you fucking donut
"These ""run backwards 7 yards and dump the pass off 3 yards and loose 4 yards"" plays need burned out of the playbook."
"That ad for irregular heartbeats was literally made for Steelers fans, it had to have been"
"I hate how our playcalling just feels like guessing every week. How do we not have a plan to attack one of the worst defenses in the league? Getting stuffed two drives in a row the start, a little embarrassing"
Tuitt just like casually pushed that lineman out of the way and walked up to tackle the running back.
So when do we turn the D loose to brutalize an AAF QB?
I swear if we lose to the fucking cowboys...
"eTrade: If this is your idea of ______

Me: Well it is now."
OMG YOURE TELLING ME WHEN WE ARE AGGRESSIVE AND PASS WE MOVE THE BALL?!?! IM SHOCKED...
McFarland as a third down back?? Why??
Offensive line is getting no push
Why are they having so much trouble running against a team with a piss poor run defense? You're crazy if you tell me this isn't a trap game.
"I'm all for getting McFarland some plays but you have to have you best players on the field until its out of reach. 

3 and 4th andt 1 and you don't have Conner out there?"
McCarthy: Alright they'll punt it here an- why is the offense still out there? Time-out! Time-out! They'll actually go for it!! Time-out!!!
Only Randy Fichtner could be out-coached by Mike Nolan.
Why are we incapable of dominating? It's honestly inexcusable.
Offense weak as fuck again. It’s a legit problem right now. Since the 2Q of titans game they’ve put together like 5 solid looking drives.
I've seen this trap game coming weeks in advance.
Fuck Mondeaux
"Same failed run 3 plays in a row. We have so many pieces on offense that we can be creative with, WTF Fichtner??"
Get Mondeaux’s bum ass outta the game
I dont want to see us run the ball with anyone but connor
What a waste of a half
I am straight up not having a good time
"Hey, can we play like an undefeated team now please?"
"Typical steeler football. Play down to a team who should be 1-6. Fucking dumb. Something has to change with this offense, and not like the D is doing us any favors"
So we put our best rush defender on a burner of a WR??
TJ Watt guarding CeeDee Lamb??
Their O line seems to be getting away with an awful lot of holding so far
Watt should not have been on Lamb
THEY CANT SCORE AGAINT THE EAGLES OR THE FUCKING FOOTBALL TEAM BUT THEY SCORE AGAINST OUR LEAGUE BEST DEFENSE WHAT THE FUCK
I said to take TJ out of coverage after Gilbert ran to his side of the field the first time he was in coverage. Next time he’s in coverage they put him on CeeDee for a TD lol. Butler is a fucking idiot I swear.
"We play to the team against us. No wonder why we are playing horribly, it’s Dallas."
Maybe they'll wake the fuck up now
This is pathetic
3rd and 7 you gotta make sure your best pass-rusher is in coverage on a receiver.
"Crazy idea, on 3rd down let's rush the passer with the best pass rusher in the game, rather than have him be one on one with their fastest wide reciever"
Meh. We're a comeback team.
This game is making my hangover worse
Coaching staff clearly treated this like a bye week and thought they could fart their way to a win.
"The offense starting off slow more often than not needs to be fucking addressed

Whether it’s play calling or tempo, I don’t know. If Ben is that much better calling is own plays, just fucking let him."
WHERE THE FUCK IS CONNER
Spent all week looking at memes of our record instead of watching film or preparing.
I'm just here for the over reactions.
Why the fuck is our best pass rusher covering a wide receiver?
Ok the fun is over. Get your heads in the game.
Ahhh wondered when the annual “fire everyone” game would come.
"If yinz seriously didn't expect this to happen, you haven't been watching Steeler football for the past 10 years. 

Typical trap game, just substitute ""browns"" for ""cowboys"". It'll come down to the wire like always."
Can Ben just say fuck Fichtner and go off script now please.
IF YOU DONT LOVE THIS THEN YOU DONT LOVE STEELERS FOOTBALL
That's a better throw than any of the ones Roethlisberger has made today.
what in the blue flaming fuck are we doing?
I mean that was a sick play lol
Can’t wait to go down 17-0 and then do run -> run -> 2 yard pass
Randy got the perfect run run dump off ready to go
What a fucking embarrassment. No life out there at all.
That one was all luck. STOP PLAYING PADDED ZONE YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKER. this is all on Butler and Fictner
Got to score on our possession
Why can't we just beat the Cowboys? What is it about this fucking team
Imagine this is the game where Berry actually punts well for once and we fucking blow it
I’m almost more afraid of random backup QBs than I am of Mahomes and Lamar
Lol I’m not hating and keeping it 100. We will not win shit in the playoffs if we are this fucking conservative. It’s like the playcalling is for a rookie who is playing his first NFL game.
Don't forget that Dallas will get the ball to start the 2nd half. This could be a 3 possession game pretty soon.
"Ahhh....

The classic slow start to a shit team and a nobody at qb....

One of these games...

Fucking great"
"I truly do not understand how Tomlin can see how well this offense plays when BEN IS CALLING THE PLAYS and how effecient they are, and then just give play calling duties back to Randy. Let Randy draw up the plays, let Ben call them."
The long throws just aren't there this season
Pulling his jersey the whole way
Tony romo hates us and its obvious
so apparently you can hold receivers now and it is just fine? fuck these refs in the ass with a rusty rake
Pouncey is GARBAGE today. he's getting DESTROYED all game
Why the fuck isn't that a penalty?!
I don’t need this random cowboys equipment manager arguing for an incomplete call lmao
Ben a gangster lol
"Ben playing better with 1 leg.

Wtf"
The lighting in that stadium sucks ass
Ebron coming in clutch on third down.
"Holy shit, it's like we have a HOF QB with how many passes we keep completing.

Someone tell Randy...."
THATS MY FUCKING QUARTERBACK!!!
"Ben 2 minute >>>

Classic"
Finally all it took was hurt ben
Robotic Ben activated
Amazing when Ben is hurt they start calling smart pass plays and stop with whatever the fuck they were doing before.
BIG SHIT FROM BIG BEN
Bosgod is now just Boswell
"That’s what happens when Ben is calling the plays.


But also:


Oh god..."
no boz no
I'm worried he's done for the rest of the game after watching that locker room walk.
Of course we miss the PAT
Boz misses and Ben goes to the locker room
Locker room? Hopefully nothing serious. I certainly hope he didn’t pull a Carson Wentz in 2018 and go out for the year to score one TD
And a missed XP. We always do that too in these trap games. It’s really weird that it even effects our kicking game as well.
"People on this sub will legit say Fichtner had any hand in making that drive work.

Hey, the truth is: he didn't."
"Pissed off or hurt Ben is always so methodical. If he stays in, we can expect a few more TD's"
You know we are about to get a turnover and see Mason in the game to end the half... because that would be perfect irony for them working out that bruise on Ben early.
"Sorry KIA, that was a 180. Once you land, any further spinning is irrelevant."
I really hope Ben is ok. I don’t think we’re gonna manage with out him
"2 yard passes are back in the menu boys


It's the only thing on the menu"
Minkah.  Master of being in the right place at the right time.  And that’s awesome.
Ma$on lucky as hell that wasn't a pick jfc
Just run it up the middle and call timeout. I have no faith in this turd.
I hope Big Ben is okay and can come back to the game
"Yeah, fuck you Rudolph."
Trap game
the absolute wad of gum from the steelers specials team coach (i forgot his name lol)
HOLY SHIT
WIZARD OF FUCKING BOZ
Sorry Boswell I take it back
Sometimes penalties are a friend
That false start gave Boz an idea to where he needed to aim. All part of the master plan
"No more punting, field goal every 4th down."
Lmao Boswell just had to get warmed up
Maybe we should just false start every extra point and let him kick from 55+ indoors.
LETS FUCKING GO HAHA thanks for the false start
BOZ DOES NOT MISS THREE TIMES IN A ROW
Boz gotta buy Cam dinner now.
Oh ye of little faith in the BosGod!
"Bosgod giveth, and bosgod taketh away"
You're forgiven Christopher.
Come on half-time adjustments! I love me some Pittsburgh half-time adjustments!
Man Rudolph sucks ass
Let’s all just appreciate the BOZGOD
Can someone perform the lachman test on Ben please! Where is our PT at?!?!
somehow we are only down by 4 pts. hopefully big ben is alright and we can get this dub
Can we just give dobbs masons uniform
"dont care about anything, Ben needs to come back"
"Ok so I’ve calmed down and I think Ben went to the locker room early for a brace or injection, and did not expect to get the ball back. It will be fine."
I’d Ben is out I’d want to see Dobbs next week. I thought he was better than Rudolph
"I’d rather lose this game than bring back Ben if he’s not 100%. That being said, pls be ok ben"
"A) why does everyone think Ben is done this game. He went to the locker room early because there was only a minute left in the had and every minute counts when it comes to pain management.

B) I dunno if you guys are watching the r/nfl game thread, but so many people don't understand the rules on a false start."
They just said that Ben is coming back.
Big Ben revenge tour incoming
"It doesn’t matter what the opponent record is. Steelers will almost always play close games, win or lose."
He doesn’t even have a limp. LETS GO
Ben walking back onto the field
Big Ben: what knee?
" Ben’s angry, cowboys don’t like him when he’s angry."
“Minor Injury” Ben about to take this game to the next level.
Looks like it was just a tweak. No limp and he's not wearing a brace either. Thank god. Now let's stop being cute and put these cowgirls away
I’d rather have Dobbs as the backup over Mason. At least you get a different look with a mobile qb
Nice play by Minkah there
Minka gonna rip that dudes leg out
We are looking porous af
"To be fair, Dallas is coming off of their 4th consecutive bye week."
Did Romo just say “you see the juicy ass”
Gilbert just stared death in the face there
This is the Steelers defense huh? Getting torched by a 4th stringer from the AAF
How many Steelers does it take to bring down a second string RB
"This is the trap game, isn’t it@?"
I don't want to see this D vs KC
We are literally lining LBs up in man coverage on WRs on the majority of plays. Not zone mismatches.
[deleted]
Their oline is doing a really good job....
"Why aren’t they blitzing this guy every play and putting pressure on him? He’s a fourth stringer, let’s see him perform under pressure"
Cowboys are just playing a very clean game. They had the one turnover but other than that nothing of significance. I don’t even think they have a penalty besides an offsetting one
We keep playing one too many linebackers
21 point second half incoming
Bens comming out in a leather gimp suit
Don't worry guys I changed sweatshirts.
"The STEELERS always start slow this season for whatever reason.

We still got this!"
Remember gimp ben is the best ben.
TD to tie it and then go from there
"those 1 yard drag routes

what are they expecting there, that's not even a short passing = run game play"
3&4. Time for a long pass
"I hate this fucking stadium, going all the way back to Super Bowl 45. Have we ever won here?"
What the actual fuck are these playcalls
Another god damn 3 and out
3rd and 4 bomb
"I'm in pain too, Ben. I'm in pain too."
#Does Ben need to bring out the boot?
Well that drive was underwhelming as fuck...
"Man, I was hoping I could just chill, do some cleaning and casually watch the game.

But now I am glued and will be surprised if we can win this. We look like garbage in every phase except special teams Bc of Boz FG and Berry punting pretty good."
Has Dallas punted yet? Maybe once?
I am NOT having fun
this is what i thought derrick henry would do to us
Wtf was that tackle
They've already run for over 100 against us. Man I miss Alualu and Hilton.
A field goal here ends it. Our offense has been so bad they won’t overcome a 2 possession game.
We are getting fucking embarrassed by a fourth string QB. Let that sink in guys. We are also against one of the worst defenses in the league.
This game is increasingly unpleasant to watch
Get in his fucking way and make a god damn stop Sutton!
We’re so lucky that they’re just taking FGs and essentially keeping us in it
We ain’t deserve this one guys.
Shades of Ryan mallet fucking kill me
Even if we win this doesn't look good at all. Talk about getting exposed
Dude even if we come back and win...this is fucking pathetic
Ok ben. Gunslinger time.
Thank God McCarthy has no balls
Why are they seemingly so consistently bad against teams with losing records?  What is up with this shit?
Dallas has had the ball 10 more minutes than the Steelers. So maybe. MAYBE. The Steelers have 3 drives left. I don’t think they score on 2 of them.
"We've been relying on talent to bail out our dumbshit coordinators the past decade, this is what happens"
I honestly think its time to move on from ben the league has to many dynamic qbs if we had a Justin Herbert we could easily beat the cheifs our defense is just gassed from carrying us
"Claypool is a rookie, but still. You gotta catch those"
JuJu is fucking money. Cash fucking money.
CHOO CHOO SMITH SCHUSTER 🚂🚂🚂
"Ok JUJU!!!

Let’s Go!"
Juju is putting this team on his back
Juju better get the game ball this week
IN JUJU WE TRUST
Defense please please please just stop Dallas.
Juju's back baby
Juju ate that drive. You love to see it.
All my friends hate #94 on the Cowboys
Nice call taking the penalty yards on the kickoff
Those two points may come back to bite us
You can’t really blame Boz for that. The long snapper was asleep at the wheel there
How is that not leverage?
Instead of 3 we need 7 again ...we love self imposed pressure
"He jumped the long snapper, what the actual fuck? Where’s the flag?"
"He pushed off the snappers back??? What am I missing here, why is there no flag"
Imagine blaming boz for that PAT
Imagine blowing out a team you’re supposed to blow out ool
Hope Bos doesn't get his kickoff blocked
Everyone on special teams needs to lose their jobs
Fire Danny Smith
Steelers putting the special in special teams
"1 thing goes right, 50 others go wrong lol"
Wow thats how you take the wind out of our sails
Ok let’s fucking pull it together now
Gg steelers losing to pitiful cowgirls after beating almighty ravens week before. Who could've predicted that ?
“Best defense”
Why are we getting killed by a fucking 2-6 team?
D/st is taking the week off
This is fucking crap
Just kick it out of the endzone. ANOTHER points causes by the ST.
Just quit now
Could we not zoom in on someone's eye
One team thinks they should win. One team wants to win
Why not just take the touchback?
Minkah you should have stayed in but fucking interception when we needed it!
MINKAH FITZ-CLUTCH
well at least we got the interception i guess?
Ben to juju for 97??? They’re due
Minkah is the best thing to happen to the steelers since big ben. what a fucking impact he has had in one and a half years
Jujus due for 95+ yard td
We do good when I have the game off...so do I turn it back on after that pick to watch.
Minkha was a neck gaiter guy even before COVID. OG.
"Ok, time to prove their metal.  Shake things off and put together a 98-yard drive."
It is MIND BOGGLING to me that nfl wide receivers drop passes right to them
Might as well make ray ray the WR1
Please gimme a 86 yarder to Claypool or Juju.
"Wow, really? Ben’s never had a 99 yard TD drive? Deebo did that in one play."
Shout out to Dallas for giving up every penalty possible this drive
Eject him
Guys I'm gonna stick my head up my ass and hide under my bed. Lemme know when we're done. Thx
Refs are doing their best for us.
Jim Nantz has been consistently wrong jesus
No one blocking Crawford man.
PAT’s are actually gonna cost us this game
Could really use those two points right about now
We’d be up right now if it wasn’t for those damn meddling extra points
"Crawford made it across again, lucky we got that FG off. Our special teams is straight trash right now."
Let's see if our defense can hold. It's a one point game with time left.
My mom is a Cowboys fan and she's being absolutely insufferable
Steel Curtain time. Not Black and Gold Buttercream Cupcake time.
That Papa Johns ad just raised my cholesterol from looking at it
Maybe on this drive the Steelers won't play the Swiss cheese zone and the cowboys can't pick up 15 yards at a time.
That cheeseburger papadilla thing looks fucking vile
If there was ever a time for the D to force a 3 and out...
This team is going to destroy my liver
Defense getting another turnover here?!?!
Remember the time the Stillers make people have heart problems
1 stop..... please?
[deleted]
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Come on Ben, defense did their job. Let’s take this W

LFG"
Some respect for #99
FINA-FUCKING-LLY a stop
D did their job. Let’s finish it
"I am actively playing Renegade. Steelers, boys, act accordingly."
Connor take an early flight home or something?
Really appreciating the clutch refball here
Another lucky break for us
Saved by the refs.
Roughing the passer for Ben? Is this really happening?
LMAO this win is gonna feel like a loss
Ebron!!!!   That's a big guy to be hurdling people.
TOO MUCH TIME
"Welp, up to you defense. Again lol."
"Man.... now we aren’t gonna make our 25+ point streak 

/s"
"I have faith in the defense. I have faith in the defense. Maybe if we chant it, it shall come true"
Alexa play Renegade
NOW THE DEFENSE WILL FEAST. BUD OR TJ WILL STRIP SACK AND SEAL THE GAME
Claypool needs some serious work on catching still
"Fuck. Way too obvious on that read Big Ben.

We left too much time on the clock. If our defense can't get it done here then that's it."
Hold ‘em defense. They’re one dimensional now
LETS GO DEFENSE
Another INT please
defense take my energy!
After the catch is killing us
Keith Butler rn: okay guys let’s Not change a damn thing! Soft zone NO MATTER WHAT
Man we need tyson and hilton way more then anyone wants to admit
worst matchup of the season and somehow the most stressful game so far
Keith Butler is the guy you play in Madden that runs Cover 4 Show 2 on every single down
It's not a Steelers game if we aren't having heart attacks right?
"It ain’t over, I still have faith in our defense"
TJ WATT HAVE MY FUCKIN BABIES
This game took 10 years off my life
Nice. I knew this was a win the entire time.
"ez win, no doubts whatsoever"
This Garret kid is tough though. I can appreciate his game today.
I AM GOING TO IMPREGNATE MY WIFE WITH TWINS AND NAME THEM CAM AND TJ!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So probably that should have been a horse collar?
This fucking team lmao
Championship teams always find a way!
Kicking the FG would’ve so much more beneficial
Why don’t you just kick a FG there?
Tomlin is a fucking idiot.
What the fuck
KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL
Why didn’t we go for fg...up by 8???
Wait...we didn’t just kick the field goal?
"What the fuck I still don't understand not kicking a FG, someone please explain."
"I mean I can understand maybe being hesitant to kick the FG given the fact that some guy just gets clean through right up the middle every single time, but why is the alternative the slowest-developing running play in history? 

Like Randy, I need you to queue up a run where we run horizontally 8 yards before trying to get upfield."
Idiotic not to take the FG there. It’s almost like Tomlin was butthurt that the play to Claypool didn’t work and he stubbornly stuck to his guns.
"You can't coach scared, you have to trust your kicker and your blocking to make that kick to ice it"
A field goal should've been the playcall
Field goal wins game? Wtf
Kick the fucking field goal. Fuck that reasoning Romo gave.
this game should be over
This week has been the longest year of my life 😅
"They forgo the opportunity to make it an 8 point game, and then give up a thirty yard catch on first down. Jesus H. Christ"
"What was ""smart"" about not kicking the field goal?"
They’re just not gonna call false start on that RT are they
"Yeah, you have the possibility of blocking the FG but also consider: we can't run it on short downs."
Holy shit where's the holding call
Imagine if we were going to at worst case scenario go to OT *if* they scored a 2pt conversion
Where’s the hold on TJ!?
The most 2020 Steelers finish
This is some major Deja Vu... with two completely different quality of opponent lmao
No reason for this game to be this close
Didn't we see this last week?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
ANDDDDDDDD STILLLLLLLL UNDEFEATEDDDD
"Minkah player of the game, god damn. Thank you so much."
same exact ending as last week. why do they do this to us!
God Minkah you beautiful son of a bitch
Being a Steelers fan has literally taken years off my life...
EVERY GAME WILL END IN A GOAL LINE PASS BAT DOWN
"Minkah again. That was ugly, but beats the alternative. 8-0"
"They said ""ya'll enjoyed the Ravens ending? Wanna see us do it again?"""
The most Steeler-est finish. Dishing out heart attacks and aneurysms
[deleted]
this team is keeping cardiologists open single handedly
Team of Destiny
[deleted]
The fact we have 0 points.... Against this defense... After a full quarter.... Is super concerning.
The fact some of you guys are saying “trap game” just shows we aren’t that good. I don’t give a shit you don’t play this bad against a team that’s 2-6 with their FOURTH stringer
[deleted]
this commercial is longer than any of our drives so far
Rudolph is not the future. Should’ve traded for a vet to sit behind Ben until we drafted his replacement. Mason can’t read a defense to save his life. Throwing out routes and check downs doesn’t win games
I’m not as worried of Rudolph playing as I am about Rudolph listening to Randy’s play calling
"well this all hinges on Ben coming out or not

that's the game"
see what happens when we don't drop Dupree back in coverage
It's pretty obvious now that Alualu is missed massively.
Let's not act like the officials are the cause here people......we all knew this was going to happen.
We could’ve been up by 8 and it wouldn’t have mattered if they scored a TD. Dumbest decision of the season to not take the FG.
"Our offense only does well when Ben calls the shots, please put Randy on thin ice"
"Guys guys hear me out.. I have magic doritos. Last week against the ravens we were doing shit until I started eating my delicious naco chips and our defense finally stepped up and we came back. This week were doing garbage, I grab my doritos in last resort and we score 2 TD. I WONT LET YALL DOWN!!!"
Y’all are some miserable motherfuckers
This is bad. The Steelers will never win another game in the history of their existence. Fire everyone and fold the franchise.
"Holding- defense

Hey awesome

Illegal formation offense

Aw man"
"If Ben isn't able to return, do we make ""fire Tomlin"" posts now? Or do we wait a few games?


/////////////////////s.  <------------------"
"Offense stop sucking

Defense stop sucking

Fucking dicks"
I'm worried these commentators are gonna choke on Dallas's cock soon
Was that not a tackle out of bounds?
God I hate that this game has to come down to this. But let's get it done. An ugly win is still a win.
"I really don’t want this to come down to the defense having to make a stop. They haven’t all day. Dallas has moved the ball with ease and only stalled in the red zone. Again, they’ve punted ONCE"
This has to be the least fun 8-0 team to watch ever
"Also, can Romo not openly root for his old team. That was terrible. Just a terrible as starting 2-6. How about them Cowboys?"
**CAPTAIN FIT FUCK**
"Ben ""Lamar Jackson"" Roethlisberger"
There’s the obligatory double coverage long ball
Calling a draw on 2nd and long should be a penalty
Bro how do u drop that
"mapletron gotta bring that one in, through both his hands and he short armed it a little"
"This is gonna come down to the last possession in the 4th, isn’t it..."
"Good no call, said no one ever."
[deleted]
I really hope we don’t make this 4th string QB look like Brady
Let’s go defense make some plays
"I feel like the Steelers game themselves out of competition sometimes. “Oh we watched last weeks footage, so let’s scheme like this to stop it.” Never accounting for the other team to address weaknesses. Just come out and play standard Steeler ball! No gimmicks, just normal schemes and force them to work around us. Now we just chase our tails. This game should be an easy win, and I think by the end of it, we will all relax. But these trap games are LEGIT"
Nelson you gotta run towards Zeke my guy. You can’t wait for him to run past the first down marker
Who's surprised? Anyone?
If we lose my friend who’s a cowboys fan is gonna talk so much crap to me lol
I don’t like the way this game feels.
You cannot stop Garrett Gilbert. You can only hope to contain him.
Hey this is our bye go easy now
There's the first of many sacks today
Gilbert yelling at Cooper already? Lol
Run run pass punt
what’s with all these run plays?
Great play calling lol
the spread worked all of last week and we’re back to shitty screens gotta love it
I think I'll come back  for the second half.
Some great play calling to start off!!
Let's just let ben call plays again
God a 3 and out 🤮
Shut up tony romo
It’s fucking ridiculous that we all knew they’d look like this and they still do
Awful playcalling
Fuck Randy Fichtner
Let's get Ben some empty sets and let him call the plays for a bit shall we
It feels like the steelers do this shit on purpose
"FROM NOW ON, THATS HOW YOU PUNT BERRY!!!"
Love me a Steelers screen on 3rd and 16. (inhales and exhales)Reminds me of home.
"Screen, run, 2 yard pass. I hate when we get cute"
"Lmao I fucking knew as soon as Cooper caught that first catch we were gonna lay an egg. It’s alright, we’ll get it going."
"I know it gets said all the time, but Ben should really call the offensive plays, with Randy acting as an advisor. This offense looks anemic at times."
"Dude, what the fuck. How do we keep doing this shit YEAR AFTER FUCKING YEAR?!"
Throw the ball past the chains.  And don’t wait until 3rd down to try it.
Imagine thinking we can compete in a shootout with KC
Lol this dude is a one read QB. He should not be looking good.
Well that was a fucking awful quarter. Of course I expected the 7-0 Steelers to beat a depleted Cowboys team but so far we don’t look like we want this game.
"Imagine running on 2nd and long often enough that it’s a tendency that teams can prepare for.

How is Randy Fitchner still in gainful employment?"
Joe Haden returning punts thats interesting
Why Haden?
Haden? Hm interesting
"Ah, Haden was back cause Steelers had D on the field when Cowboys made that late switch"
You know it's bad when we can so clearly tell that Ben has taken over playcalling
"I hope McFarland is just gettin snaps because they want to

Haven't seen anything about Conner"
Did we have Haden catch a punt as a bit lol
Where is Connor? Wtf?
Why run it again
Conner may have had the 1st down on the pass and would have gotten it twice on the runs.
They need to just forget about draws. Why can't we put a blocker in the backfield?
Boswell was booting 60 yarders in warmups. Why are we not kicking this
"If Conner is hurt, they haven’t said a damn thing yet."
I swear all these crime shows are the same. The commercials put me to sleep
Is Conner hurt?
PUT A FULLBACK IN THE FUCKING BACKFIELD YOU STUPID CUNTS
That's fucking disgusting garbage
"Jesus Christ, wtf we had 5 straight completions and can’t get a yard running it up the gut 3 times"
HEY YOU KNOW HOW THEY'VE STUFFED EVERY FUCKING DRAW. LET'S RUN MORE DRAWS. SOMEONE HIRE A SNIPER TO FUCKING ICE RANDY PLEASE.
Andddd still no push
Trap game
Dude fuck Fichtner
WHAT THE FUCK
Lol always playing down to a team that they should be massacring. Classic Steelers.
Fichtner blows
Fuck randy Fichtner
3 draws for 1 yard. Let’s do it again Randy. Just let Ben call the plays.
99 is awful
It didn't work the first two fucking times so why the FUCK did you run it the 3rd? God someone needs smacked upside the head.
Of course Mondeaux would fail
"I’m shocked Mondeaux let somebody run right past him. Shocked, I tell you."
Getting ran on by a 5th string QB
Are we playing against Lamar??
How are letting fucking Garrett Gilbert run the ball
If we could stop running the ball out of gun on obvious run plays...That would be great....
We could stop Lamar from running but not Gabbert?
We always suck against the Cowboys no matter how bad they are and it’s infuriating
Why can’t we play full games ever
Missing Hilton so much
I see we have decided to play to our opponents level today.
99 is the worst player on our team
"With reaction times like that, TJ Watt might have a career in drag racing after football"
Pathetic. Absolutely fucking embarrassing.
Can we all double check that we are doing the same game-day traditions that we did last week? One of you is fucking up our win karma.
Ok we're far enough into this game that I'm starting to get worried
I knew the Steelers would underestimate Garrett Gilbert.
Mahomes is going to fuck us into oblivion
Bruh the false start was obvious there
Lmaooo and now we have to climb out of a hole
"Our offense is consistently, measurably worse when Fichtner is calling plays than when Ben is doing it at the line. How much longer do we need to see it for?"
I’m so embarrassed rn
Lmao TJ Watt on Lamb. Big brain Butler
This is....truly pathetic
False. Start. X2
trap game trap game
Do not put TJ on a wide receiver
Our secondary is bad bad.
Lmao. It’s expected. Offense non existent for 8 quarters now and and the defense getting embarrassed by a fourth string qb.
Why is Watt in coverage so much? Every time he is in coverage the edge is never set.
"Well done boys, somehow making the Cowboys look like the undefeated team.

Truly impressive how we can fuck this up, even by Steeler standards."
"“Make him beat us with his arm”
“Puts a DE on Ceedee lamb”"
"I had low hopes coming into this game. Third road game, after Ten/Bal, bad team. Had trap all over it. 

But didn’t think it’d be this bad."
"This is such a fucking joke. Every Steelers fan who’s been watching this team for the last decade knew this shit was coming. Every analyst who hasn’t, that -13.5 made sense.  This is fuckin disgraceful."
time for some more predictable plays hell yea
"Just once I'd like this team to just absolutely destroy another team. I don't care that were 7-0. We are not better than the Chiefs if our offense can't be consistent enough, especially if we meet Kansas in the playoffs."
Run run pass
This has to be a joke
Thank God for the block in the back
Great offensive gameplan. I mean truly what a fucking great job by this coaching staff to prepare this 7-0 team against a 2-6 one.
Guys if we already lost just leave the gdt lol
"Falcons fan here, is it okay if I cheer for y'all today since I don't care for the Cowboys and their millions of Bandwagon fans like Lebron James  and other celebs that are only fans of theirs because of the Cowboys 1990s teams."
Bros...this is straight up bad lmfao
"That was a great play by Dallas. No matter what you want to say, that was a ballsy call."
Yeah this is headed in a very wrong direction. Steelers are literally not winning a single part of the game.
Cowboys playing like its 2016.  Steelers playing like its 2019.
"I warned you all that we would blow this 

We are"
The Standart is the Standart.
"Lol, this is the Cowboys' super bowl and the Steelers are still in the locker room."
Why can’t every game be like the Cleveland game last month
Just need a Ben turnover to end the half
We aren't gonna score this half.
"the secondary is not communicating at all

they didn't pass that off 2 guys go with the 1 receiver"
ray ray return td manifesting it
"Man I never thought I'd say this but at least with Todd fucking Haley this offense could put up points. Get rid of Randy, let Ben call the plays. This is said almost every fucking damn week. This is absolutely pathetic that this offense continues to do jack shit in the first half of games. Fuck OFF"
Everyone needs to step the fuck up
Open up the Steelers offense. Stop being so conservative.
"Nice stadium design, let’s put huge gaps in the building to blind the players with the sun."
"Can someone smarter than me explain why Ben doesn't just no huddle the offense all game?

Fichtner is so uninspiring as a play caller"
wE DoNT pLAy DoWn To tEAmS..... THatS jUsT A MyTH....
Fichtner needs to be on the unemployment line. How does he keep this job with anemic performances every single week?
We need the absolute hell beat out of us if we want to be competitive whatsoever later in the season/playoffs. This team is way too complacent.
this instrumental version of The Show Must Go On by Queen is actually pretty awesome
This is fucking embarrassing.  Even if we come back and win this game this seriously hurts our reputation since it's on national television.
Only passing plays from now on please
DJ looks like AB out there with his quick shimmy cuts
Now we are picking up some steam. Is Ben calling the plays now?
Sometimes I think Ben and Randy don’t even talk before games
Deep breaths guys. It’s still early and we’re holding them to 3s on mistakes. Have faith.
"We're never going to get a flag today, are we.."
So first half play calling has been shit... again.
Hurt Ben activated
Defensive PI and roughing the passer on back to back plays. Fuck these refs.
The hilarious reality that I would take one-legged Ben over Mason or Duck 10/10 times...
the need to go to shotgun might save this drive
I see some urgency with that Big Ben hit.
Everyone worried about Ben must not have seen him play injured. He’s gonna put up 500 yards and 5 TDs
Hurt Ben is the best Ben
There we go. Think the injury woke up the team honestly
I think they gave Ben that Eskimo water from The Waterboy
"Steelers had all of Ben's lower body joints replaced by bionic parts years ago.

You'll never convince me otherwise."
Fuck. Even Boswells sucks today.
"What the fuuuuck, Boswell?"
this game is fucked
everything sucks
Hurt Ben is best Ben
You choose now boz?
"The defense is not the problem. 10 points in a half? Not counting the 3 that came from a botched ST effort. You take that. 

The offense scoring 6 in 29 minutes? Fucking problem."
Now shut up
Was Ben calling the plays on that drive?
#GET THE INJURY BOOT OF DOOM!
"Oops, Boz"
jesus christ boswell
Of course he misses the extra point
Boz bb wyd?
Ben will be ight
"I’d take a loss, go to 7-1 WITH Ben rather than go 8-0 and NOT have Ben"
Fuck the fucking cowboys
"Pour some tussin on it, let it get into the knee"
"Fuck, let’s hope it’s nothing serious.  That hit Ben took looked bad."
That missed extra point has officially retired the Killer B’s
I don't understand why we don't let Ben cook... We've been moving when he throws... Cowboys are stopping the run
Come ooooon. That miss is fucking huge.
Bring out THE BOOT
P’s and T’s Ben is alright.  I can’t watch Mason play QB again.
Boswell too used to shaping his shots to account for wind at outdoor stadiums
That's disappointing but Boswell has been absolute money this whole year. Just how the ball has been rolling today. It's not our day
"Welcome to the trap game, enjoy your stay"
I think Ben is really hurt this time guys
fuck here comes Rudolph.....
Tony Romo should not be allowed to call a Cowboys game
Minkah Fitzpatrick!!!!
fuck I hope rudolph has a redemption
I’ll shit my pants if Rudolph scores
Damn. Wish we had Ben this drive.
Captain Fat Fuck we NEED you
Glad our defense is always there to make big plays.
I missed those 1.5yd per attempt from Rudolph
i just got back to the TV why is mason in the game
Oh my GOD I dont miss last year
An offset penalty is a win for Dallas. It chews 20 seconds off the clock and just results in a mulligan.
Run the ball and timeout holy shit. This pass is gonna get extended to 0.
Glad Dallas called that timeout. Think it would have been delay of game.
Why is Pittsburgh’s backup worse than the guy Dallas signed this week?
"Mason Rudolph, looking like Mason Rudolph."
"If Ben is out, that extra point could have been huge."
Boz god please
Just a dumb low percentage play with an awful QB. Why not just get sure yardage running the ball?
Make this and you are forgiven for the extra point miss sir
I wish this was like WWE and the lights went off and Ben came back out. BY GAWD THAT'S BIG BEN'S MUSIC
Redemption time Boz
"I just came back from dinner to see Rudolph tanking like it’s 2019, somebody please fill me in"
Boswell looks like he's in 10th grade
Does mason rudolph not have any arm strength? 38 year old Ben has more zip on his throws then mason does
Are we icing our own kicker
NAILED IT YES BOZ
Bosgod works in mysterious ways
BOZGAWD
Let's fucking go Boz
"Boswell taketh and Boswell giveth. Also, fuck our first half game plan"
Bosgod fucks
BOSGOD I NEVER DOUBTED YOU
Let’s fucking go 59 yarder
That was a fucking PERFECT kick! Congrats Boz
This is why you don't mail it in and take weeks off. Players get hurt.
I FORGIVE YOU BOZ
Boswell makes up for that missed extra point
"THATS WHY HE’S THE GOAT, THE GOOAT"
WhY nOt HaiL MaRy
BOZ GOD
"What a kick, hell yeah Boz"
Boswell!
At least Ben got some extra time in the locker room
"The wizard of Boz.

Praise be"
"Bosgod giveth, Bosgod taketh away.  But mostly giveth."
wait i thought it was illegal to leap the Oline on a FG?
I like to thing the false start was on purpose 😂
"Haha, rewarded for being terrible."
The velocity on Mason Rudolph’s throws is alarming.
Cam wanted to boost Boz’s confidence with the false start to make him kick a harder one. That’s a true leader right there
Ben can have both of my knees for all I care just please be ok
I really don’t want to watch lame ass Rudolph for the second half. Sure hope Ben is able to come back or we just do wildcat plays or something...idk
I can not do another round of Mason Rudolph
Why does Rudolph only float passes? Just bullet it
Yo I'm at the game. Any update on Ben?!?!
Stop dooming guys
Heart Attack Half coming up baby!!! Here We Go
He said “Just like 5G it just got real” 💀
Not even a brace on large Benjamin?
BEN WILL BE BACK
He’s walking back out!
The commentators during the half time show just said Ben will start the second half and just tweaked his knee.
Ben likes to be dramatic
Ben is the toughest QB in the league. That man is a tank!
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Ben iced up his knee and is good to go 👍"
come on defense. get us a stop
"I didn't think Tyson was such big part, last week and this week showing he is."
I really enjoyed the first 7 games. This one not so much
bruh if i see 99 in on one more play i swear to god
3rd and long. Please just play it safe and drop everyone into coverage
So no adjustments during half-time. Surprising.
I hope fichtner is out here taking notes because outside runs work better than inside runs.
Just shit my pants
"ok, boys, gut check time"
There is a lot of time left to flip this game around.  Stay positive
What are we doing? Where is our defense? How the hell is Dallas with a third string moving the chains?
I feel like we’re locked in on featuring Diontae today.
We are so ass lol
Maybe we’ll wake up in the 4th quarter once we’re down by two possessions
"another 3 and out 

Ben gets tagged again"
I am straight up not having a good time
Where the fuck is our line? Jesus. We are swiss cheese letting them fuck up ben
Yeah they're gonna lose to this trash ass team. Like wtf.
Lol ... damn AV
I am so fucking sick of those plays on third and less than 5.
I feel like maybe we just go for the first down there.
Check down is wide open and Ben decides to sail it fifty yards into double coverage
Berry the best player on the field for the Steelers so far
I told you. OL is garbage today.
Is Randy calling the plays again??
Just don't see us winning this one. We're not there today
*manifesting that they play renegade in side att*
OL is getting beat in the trenches. Ben not getting enough time to work. I guess the Titans/Ravens games back to back have taken a toll on them.
The whining in here is extra special this week.  The team is on its third straight road game and had a week 4 bye.  We just need one big play to switch momentum.
3rd and 4 you say? They’ll be expecting the short play...HAIL MARY!
Can we force a 3 and out for once
Even if we win this game the media is gonna trash Ben
WTAF
Can we get one 3 and out?
Man it would be nice if we could stop them.
Can’t wait to sleep the next two weeks on the bengals and Jaguars too
Completely outcoached
They about to pop out a fumble
very considerate of the defense to give Ben plenty of time to rest
"We're beat up, tired, and on our third straight road game. All of this shows."
this game hurts us bad no matter what. This is crazy.
"No-one has shown up today.

Just a piece of cake for Dallas"
I'm beginning to think this defense is suspect
"This team feels different in a bad way since the Titans game. I'm hoping this is just a rough patch and they right it by the end of the season.

I'd be okay with losing against the Cowboys if we can figure it out by the Thanksgiving game."
I can't recall a time that we've looked this weak on both sides of the ball.  Just can't get anything going our way.
"Their O-line is playing really well, sadly."
Watt and spilane on lamb......fire butler
They play like fucking pussies omg
Make a fucking stop
It's really cool that we keep lining LBs up to cover their extremely talented WRs.
"10 years later and Mike Tomlin vs Mike McCarthy, in this building, is still not a good thing."
I'm disgusted by how little pressure we've been able to generate. They have backup fucking linemen.
How many times do you guys think Keith Butler is gonna put linebackers on receivers? I’m thinking 60 billion times.
Blitz on every play. Not like they got much to lose at this point.
dunno how you go from top 3 defense in the league to what looks like bottom 5 in one week.
We make Lamar struggle but Gilbert Grape is tearing us apart
Our cheeks are getting clapped by a 4th string AAF QB
Literally just whiffing on tackles. Absolutely unacceptable.
SON OF A BITCH
What a flat performance these guys walked in too cocky
Score on our next possession or this is done
Death by a thousand cuts
"Tip to butler: figure out man mismatches. If you're too stupid to, then stop running man coverage every play"
This shit is embarrassing. Maybe it lights a fire and we stop being so fucking complacent.
WE NEED TO DINK AND DUNK THE FUCK OUT NO MORE DEEP SHOTS BECAUSE BEN CANT HIT THOSE
This is your reminder that Gilbert was used as a corner to cover Amari Cooper in practice and we’re making this scrub look like Joe Namath
Psh.  We got this.
LADS IM NOT FEELING GOOD ABOUT THIS ONE
Terrible coaching on both sides. What a joke. Such an embarrassment.
Why does a 10 point deficit seem insurmountable right now
Idk if I can have any faith left if this drive isn't a TD
20 yards. Biggest gain so far. Damn!
There you go Juju
Lead us to victory daddy Schuster.
I keep saying it and no one ever agrees but Juju is our best WR
when all else fails JuJu is the answer
I love Juju so much. So fucking clutch when we need him
Claypool you gotta make these fucking catches...
We absolutely need to extend Juju. The dude does exactly what we need him to when it matters.
Juju=hines ward 2.0
JUJU SMITH SCHUSTERRR
Injured Ben = DANGEROUS BEN
JUJU YOU DEMON LETS GO
"&#x200B;

Touchdown Steelers!!!!

&#x200B;

JuJu Smith-Schuster"
And the mail in ballots are coming in
"Juju saving this fucking game, what a player. Pay him all the money’s."
There’s the Steelers I was expecting
LETS GO JUJU
"Pump fake = TD, the ben special"
FUCKIN LOVE YOU JUJU
"Juju, Ben, Boswell and Washington are the only ones who wanna win apparently lol."
JuJu should be getting at least 15 passes thrown to him EVERY SINGLE GAME!  Makes no sense that he doesn’t
God damn it canaday
Juju built different
Should have went for 2 smh
Canaday is dog shit
Outclassed in special teams today
Lol man wtf
Are you fucking kidding me
That’s insane wtf should be down by 2
I have no words
Canaday wanna block?
Special teams bad
JUJU FOR  TOUCHDOWNS.
"My opponent in fantasy this week has Bosgod, so I have that going for me."
It should be 19-17
Oh FOR FUCKS SAKE
How is that legal?
idk why their special teams is blowing through our line so far this game
They are making up for no fans with twice the ads.
[deleted]
D is gonna get a 3 and out and we'll score another TD.
How are people blaming boz for that lol
Danny Smith is gonna be chewing a few extra pieces of gum over the next week. Special Teams has been atrocious tonight.
Special teams have been trash
Boswell needs to learn how to tackle from Pat McAffee
Just getting murdered on special teams
you can't make this shit up
this is so deflating
Of fucking course
Steelers haven’t done a damn thing right all game.
Heads need to fucking roll if we lose this. No excuse.
From here on out just kick the ball out of bounds it's clear this squad is outclassed on special teams
wtf is this game. I want to believe we are SB caliber and then we do shit like this.
Tomlin needs to clear house at the coordinator level. All three are holding this team back
"Can our defense fucking do anything?

I go to feed my dogs super quick after we get a blocked extra point again and they are knocking on the door of the red zone. 

Holy shit we're gonna fucking blow this huh?"
What the hell happened to our run defense
Special teams has cost us 2pts and 2 great returns
This game is so deflating Tom Brady is getting a 4 game suspension
Did we finally play a good team lol
Coaches are so bad
2 Special Team plays completely fucked us
"Lol undrafted rookie free agent shutting down this ""defense"""
It's obvious that we're missing Bush. Anyone know if Williamson is active?
How is our defense shitting the bed against one of the worst offenses in the league lead by a fucking fourth string QB in his first start? WTAF
Minkah!
LETS FUCKING GOOOO WE NEEDED THAT
well 90 yards to take the lead
[deleted]
98 yards to victory.
But he could take a knee right?
Have they called a single penalty on Dallas that has mattered?
Now we have to score. We can’t stop Dallas at all on offense and we need to force them to throw. Or something. But even that feels hard.
Thats our first round pick!!!
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
Thank god for Fitzburgh
I’m sure Randy’s playcalling will be perfectly reasonable on this drive
I liked what Minkah did there only because he’s proven to house call consistently.  He’s got the Ed Reed green-light.
Tony Romo is so hard for the Cowboys.
Big Ben: FUCK IT DIONTAE DOWN THERE SOMEWHERE
We have to make a statement with this drive
A lot of people here forget how many games Brady's won by <3 points on trips to Superbowls
Saved by the fucking flag.
I LOVE REFBALL
Wow we got saved
Eject the bastard
Well that’s 2 calls that went our way lol
Get ejected
What the actual fuck is this game
This is too much stress from a 2-6 team. Where do I file a complaint?
WTF IS NANTZ TALKING ABOUT
Damn I'm sick of Romo
You’d think tony still plays for the cowboys
"It actually wasn't that bad.  He was trying to push away his hand, but from the other angle it looked like he was going for body"
"Is miami good at playing football?


Or is miami bad at playing football?"
That AZ-Miami game looks like a banger
Every snap announcer try to guess what bens doing and is wrong every time. Jus shut up dude
gotta go for it. since they arent calling the leaping shit.
I’m surprised how off the O is today
"Half quarter to go, also known as an eighth to go"
Alright down one let’s get a stop and win this game D
One or both of those extra points woulda been mighty useful
"This is where our D has to make a play, and not after Dallas goes into our redzone."
Time to put the clamps on em boys
BLOCK FUCKING CRAWFORD! How the fuck is he consistently jumping over?
Thank you. Holy fuck
Aight D had time to recoup let’s get a stand here!
come on defense. we need you to get that ball 1 more time.
Defense gonna have to come up with some more magic
This is the drive the defense can dictate what conversation we’re all having this week.
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!
Oooooooh he said Redskins!
Make em punt once guys
I would have never expected us to only have 1 sack at this point in the game
Can the run D just look like it did two weeks ago for one drive? ONE DRIVE???
Finally MONDEAUX
The mandeauxlorian finally did something
Boswell FG to win it...
This is only their second punt
Lol second punt of the game. From a FOURTH STRING QB.
I wanna watch the game so bad but every time I turn it on bad shit happens. 😭
If we get a td we should go for 2 right?
This game has taken years off my life. But we are in good position to pull it out!
The luckiest flag EVER
Again the flag coming in clutch
Holy shit. The zebras are practically handing this to Pittsburgh. But also fuck you Dallas for taking cheap shots at our quarterback
Hit the QB in the head and it’s always been a penalty
I absolutely hate that rule but it is in fact a penalty and I'll take it
Holy shit. What a lucky break. Those first three plays were trash
It's crazy the refs have to help a team thats 7-0 against a team thats 2-5. Mindblown
THAT BOY DIONTAE MOVES LIKE JELLY ON A SUNDAY MORNING
you want the TD here
a lot of time left on the clock
HAHAHAHA OH SHIT! EBRON!
“LEAP FROG” EBRON
*Mario jumping sound*
Go for it
Ebron is my best friend.
BIG BOY EBRON
Let’s goooooooooo!!!!!! That’s typical steeler football right here.
THAT FUCKING HURDLE
Ebron!
Hopefully that doesn’t bite us in the ass
Alright defense it’s now or never
Too much time.  Don’t trust anyone right now.
Gotta scheme Juju open there. Today is not claypools day
Bababooey
Dallas had 3 timeouts it's not like we were going to run that whole time off
"&#x200B;

Roethlisberger has over 300 yards,  3 TDs  and  0 Interceptions       👍"
Lol getting PTSD from 2016
Anyone else just laughing hysterically about this game?
Mondeaux’s play can’t be overstated
My heart bro
Claypool needs to hit the Jugs machine tomorrow. I’m no NFL receiver but I think he needs to catch some of those
P U C K E R  T I M E
also watching this and the MIA/ARZ game side by side has been a trip.
We’ve played with fire to much this year
Couldnt give us a break this week. Has to be a nail biter. It's the steeler way.
Anyone else getting mad annoyed by tonight’s commentary or is it just me?
They have 3 great receivers. Don’t gamble on pressure too much. Focus on stopping their receivers. Cam and Tuitt can get pressure on their own. They’ve got 3 timeouts still. They don’t have to just go to the sideline
wasn't there a meme earlier in the week that basically called this???
Billcowherletsgo.gif
Anyone want to meet at the Doctors tomorrow?
Blitz him every snap.
GOD SHIT JOE
Game saving play by Haden
ONE MORE STOP
HEYWARD AND TUITT
"This play decided the game, let’s go"
Fucking finally!!!
Letsss gooooo cammmmm mmmyyy mannnnnn
LFGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
I HOPE I WASNT THE ONLY ONE PLAYING RENEGADE
CAMMMMMM! GOAT of sacks and false starts!
CAM MF HAYDEN
CAMMMMMMMM
Steel fucking curtain
**STEEL CURTAIN BABY**
I fucking love cam
RENEGADE!!!
EVERY FUCKING WEEK!
Shut your fat Mouth McCarthy
R E N A G A D E
I love this team but holy shit Im getting gray hair because of them and I’m only 21
"I knew we would win this game, this is normal Steeler football"
"AHHHH, I got it now. fichtner sets us up with horrible playcslling in first halves so this team gets used to working from behind for wins. I see what's going on here"
"I feel like Heyward is our best closer.  Watt is awesome, but I feel Heyward is the most likely to make the huge play on the last drive."
Imagine the dread of a 5th string QB getting spun around by Cam Heyward into a TJ Watt sack
"Does anyone know a sub where I can do a prehealth check-in before watching games? Just want to make sure I don't have a heart attack before the next one....

Thank you Dallas for winning this for us!"
This and last week’s game have been too stressful for my ass.
What was that
WHAT THE FUCK. KICK THE FIELD GOAL AND WIN.
Holy shit that was dumb
why didn't we just kick a field goal there?
Why not kick the damn fg?
I DONT KNOW ABOUT THAT I WOULDA LIKED AN EIGHT POINT GAME
That was dumb
Hahahahahaha I want to fucking die
If we were gonna go for it then why not take a timeout and carefully come up with a play
"Not only no field goal, but we go to the side.  W.t.f."
I love Connor but that play with him is retired would literally rather throw it
I can't believe Mike did that. What a total and complete idiot. Stupid fuck.
"Going for it seemed really dumb. And then after losing 3 yards, I realized it was really dumb."
There’s been horrible examples of end of game time management all year. I didn’t expect Tomlin to provide one. Kick the field goal!
"I don't get it
Just kick the FG, go up 8, let them score 6 AND the 2 pt conversion. That was the dumbest call in a long time."
Sunday and praying.  Thanks Steelers for always keeping me right on this day of the week.
Imma chew y’all out about taking shit on Tomlin in the post game thread watch
We should have iced this game twice.
come on D!!!! just pick it off and end this nightmare game
Not kicking the fg was the dumbest thing
Remember when we blew out the browns
missed holding call
Tomlin is great for TV ratings. Keeps other teams in the game until the very end. I'll give him that.
Just like last week.  Can we do it twice? Probably not.
I don’t agree at all with Romo. Take the points and go up by 8. You at least buy yourself room with the need for a 2 pt conversion
Omega hold on TJ
How do they not see holding on tj watt almost every play!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?
These last three games have been appropriate for the Steelers as they induce heart attacks.
Watt in the full nelson
Juju looking like Bart Simpson on the bench
Minkah!!!!
Minkah again!
EIGHT AND ZERO
LETS GOOO
We need to learn how to play better in the first half.  We are causing ourselves so much problems.  But good win.
8-0!!!!!
Jesus fucking Christ I can’t do this every week
This game literally took YEARS off my life
We almost lost to AAF legend Garret Gilbert
Another Minkah save!!!!!!
doctor woke me up after my heart attacks! 8-0!!!
"Cowboys make one play and everyone already believes all hope is gone. I'm out, see you guys after the Steelers win."
Now to watch the Steelers turn their QB into Tom Brady
Ben thought he could take an off day calling plays but Randy proves he’s too incompetent for even Dallas
The standard is the standard. We don’t prepare for teams with losing records and things of that nature. Obviously
Mason Rudolph is not the future
I can’t do another half season of Rudolph. I just can’t.
I think juju jinxed this game. He posted a TikTok of him dancing on the star before the game
Here comes fucking Garrett Marino again.
Alualu come back bb
How can JuJu have all this energy WiTh AlL hIs TiK tOkInG
What this game is truly about: Romo
"Why are you the way you are, Steelers?"
Butler is calling one of the worst games from a DC that I’ve ever seen. Just zero adjustments. An absolute fucking clown our coordinators are
Romo really been sucking the boys dick today and it's been annoying.
They jumped *again*
Can Steelers please score a TD so we don’t have to see another fg attempt?
If they can stop the ravens in this situation they should be able to stop the cowboys🤞🏻
Claypool's hands looking like clay bricks
So is this another “character building game”? I think it’s time to really address the inability to play a full 60 min game. It’ll catch up to us some game
Mason Rudolph was ranked 32/32 of qbs last year and we still refuse to find a replacement
"Reports coming in that the Cowboys are demanding the refs ""stop the count"" and not count any further touchdowns. They're officially declaring victory."
At least Biden won
"Also all of you hating on Tomlin this first drive, fuck out of here."
"Damn, 1 drive on each side and already bitching about Tomlin 

Y’all are something else lol"
OH NO WE'RE LOSING BY THREE FIRE TOMLIN WE SUCK SOOO BAD
This was the most predictable game in Steelers history
I don’t think this is shocking anyone. Coming off a game against Baltimore + always playing down to competition. Classic Steelers really
#HIRE TODD HALEY
The two top teams in the AFC got a little turbulence today.
Really hope we aren't stuck with Rudolph after Ben retires
"I feel like Rudolph isn’t even that bad, its fitchner’s bum play calling that really puts this team in bad spots"
"Ben expected to return for second half, per Lauten."
defense looking like shit rn
This defense will miss Dupree
"Good work D! You finally stopped a fourth string QB...

Well stopped him from getting a TD"
A DEEP BALL ON 3RD AND 4!!!!????
"Hey guys, our “number 1” defense hasn’t forced a 3 and out today"
“SmItH sHuStEr is washed” - some clown
Why did he take that out??
I’m so sick of Diontae dancing. Stick your fucking foot in the ground and go upfield
[deleted]
"Why not kick the fg make it an 8 point game? Why would you trust the offense? And even going for it, why run a fucking counter? My god"
"Imma need a bump of cocaine to come down off this game, y'all"
[deleted]
Man fuck the Colts. Can't get shit done. That interception call that went for the Ravens was a terrible call. Incomplete pass.
I dare these mf’ers to give alex smith CPOY over my guy
Damn colts shit the bed
Kinda pulling for the Panthers to come out on top against KC so we can be consensus #1
Plz don't play down steelers
I’m still nervous
"I am very nervous. Unsure why.

Let's be honest we all know why."
"How can the Cowboys win today? Just be the 1975 Bears.

Thanks Tony."
Ben best RB in afc north
Bruh fuck the deep ball.
I hate the deep sideline passes
"""Boy are they excited about dicks""

we know"
"There was contact, but that went right through Claypool's hands."
"Little hold, still gotta catch it with hands on it"
Claypool should have caught that
I am mentally preparing myself for this to be a stressful game but I expect us to destroy. Expect the best prepare for the worst
Still don't care for the dive and draw plays over and over again but relax guys lol this isn't a big deal yet at all.
So the defense needs a timeout in the first quarter against the cowboys PS offense? Fuck
"Yes, hit him low and toss him across the first. Well done!"
I didn’t know we needed Alualu so badly
"Wow, what an effin joke, Williams was held so obviously and no flags???"
"Y’all, the cowboys are excited and we aren’t. Give it some time."
Wow Alualu really must’ve been that important
"So, this might end up being *that* game"
  I guess they show up and play the second half this week.
we’re looking like dogshit so far lmao
"Yeah, I guess I will crack open a beer."
This guy reminds me of Brandon Weeden
Great coverage Bince
What's on the back of 🅱️ince's arms?
Can we get this redzone d the whole game please
now block the fg lol
No TD for you
tj just a hair away from causing that fumble.
Thank fuck for TJ watt
why doesn't that stadium have Blinds/Shades for those windows?
I understand everyone here wants us to demolish Cowboys w/o giving out any points but we just have to accept the fact that we rarely blow out anyone
"Even if they only got three that is a good drive for Dallas and a good start to the game for them. They chewed up a lot of clock time and came away with points. Dallas loses the game if they let Roethlisberger control it. But if they can keep this a low scoring, slow paced game that keeps the clock moving, they have a shot."
Y’all acting like we are losing 40-0
WTF IS THIS CONSERVATIVE BULLSHIT
"Just gotta say, when I first tuned in I was like ""Why the fuck are Steelers in black and gold?"" Then I remembered Dallas's home colors are white, then I felt like a huge dumbass"
16 yds to go? Let’s throw it behind the line of scrimmage... smh
What in the fuck
Lmao what is this offense these last several games. Didn’t look good 2nd half of titans. Was only ok last week. Now this? I know it’s early but it looks just as bad.
That punt was dope.
Our OC is no better than our punter
2nd and 14? Hand the ball to our 2nd string rb.... fucking lol
Good fuckin punt tho
"These plays are fucking garbage, what's with these piss ass short throws and rushing on 2nd and 14?"
Worst playcalling ever. Wtf was that?
Wow Berry looks much better. Although the dome probably helps.
Clutch punt
Lads I'm getting some ruff vibes here
"Hey Ben, you want to start calling plays again. Maybe have Dobbs draw up some ones you’d like too"
"Benny Snell Runs on 2nd and 10 and 2nd and 24.

Neither of those play calls is defensible, and both end up with a punt after a failed 3rd and long."
Our offensive coordinator is the issue and it’s not even a debate.
Berry holy damn bro
Not the best play calling
Great play calling so far.
Lmfao. Just lmfao. I’ve seen this shit before
I stand by my previous statement. We do not have an intermediate passing game
i dont feel like we are taking this team seriously.
Looks like this is play like ass first half and play fucking amazing second half kind of game...
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ DEFENSE TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
I feel like randy wants to start every game bad on purpose.
It seems I prematurely shit talked Berry
This is 100% the start of the game I expected so I'm not even mad
This is why I’ve been nervous about this game.  Tomlin coached steeler teams against shit teams is always an adventure.  It’s only 3-0 so not a lot of panic yet but man if it isn’t trending towards it.
Out of all the games this is one I shouldn’t have to be stressed about.
Jesus fucking christ who’s calling the offense today? Big Ben’s 7 year old son?
Everyone freaking out until we get a turnover on D real quick.
"The defense rn is like ""oh so it's going to be one of *those* games"""
Ben's deep balls just havnt been there. We don't have a deep threat. I'd much rather take ben over anyone but man it sucks not to have it in our arsenal
"Honestly, garbage playcalling by randy so far.  I have faith it'll shape up."
id like a pick 6 here please.
Gilbert throws better than Lamar
If I’m McCarthy I go for this. You win this game by taking risks.
"Garret ""Peyton ""Tom ""Dan Marino"" Brady"" Manning"" Gilbert"
So when do we just promote Ben to OC?
They would have had it. Kind of dumb not to go for it.
"Tomlin: We purposefully looked like shit in the first quarter

Checkmate, Cowboys"
Fichtner fans will say we've scored 25+ in every game this year without acknowledging the fact that his specialty is 2 yard runs and screen passes.
"Joe Haden as the return man, interesting"
The play calling in that quarter sucked.
Haden for PR????? What????
Did something happen to Ray Ray?
Where is Ray Ray?
Anyone got any insight? Why would Haden be returning the punt? Ray-Ray’s okay right?
Steelers vs Cowboys and Fichtner
Why the fuck was Haden back there lmao?!
If I’m 2-6 there’s no chance in hell I’m punting right there.  Thanks Dallas.
"I think it’s pretty clear at this point that the Steelers are feeling out what the Cowboys are capable of on both sides of the ball. They are giving very simple vanilla looks on offense and defense and the Steelers simply haven’t turned up the volume yet. When we start seeing more creative looks then I’m sure the momentum will swing almost immediately. I agree with the majority of the sub that we should in fact be coming out swinging but quite simply put we are still in the drivers seat. Ride the wave, we’ll be fine"
"Damn, you guys see Johnson burn Diggs?"
McFarland looks like the 🥺 emoji in that picture
Haden probably is the returner when they go “safe” or are trying to be ready for a fake. He used to occasionally practice with the return team when we were at UF. Probably got the job by default.
3rd and short. time to throw it over the mountains.
Stop running the ball pls
"As a former Terp...

McFarland is only 5'8 what the fuck??"
Jesus Christ fuck off with this stupid ass play call
I'm guessing Conner is hurt....
Where's Conner lol?
Just terrible play calling today
This is so fucking embarrassing.
There's 0 urgancy from our sideline. Just playing backups. Playing down to our competition. It's so sad man.
Randy Fitchner go fuck yourself
Update from my last comment! Three consecutive runs with no gain after passing works!! Randy is calling plays again guys
Why are we so hell bent on running the fucking ball
"Running game isn't working at all, better run it on 4th down"
Ben goes 6/6 and we run it 3 times in a row
FIRE RANDY FICHTNER NOW I SWEAR
WE RAN THE SAME PLAY TWICE WHAT ARE WE DOING
Mondeux needs to wrap up
a run up the middle didn't work the first time lets try it again
99 is a bum.
Wtf are we doing?
Fichtner: Maybe if we run it up the middle three times it'll get two fucking yards? No? Fuck.
"1. Fuck Snell


2. Where are the fucking holding calls??"
Wtf. Come on. 3 shots to gain like a yard. And you're running the same play 3 straight times. Nice.
Why can’t we ever look like the better team against anyone
I usually talk about playcalling as well but the OL has been fucking garbage in the run today.
Mondeaux being on the field at all is a great of telling your opponent you have no real interest in winning the game.
We do not look like the better team right now.
Lmao
Ben take over playcalling again please
Fire randy sphincter
Fuck this shit
Fichnter holds this offense back so much
This gameplan is maddening.
"Insert ""Do Something"" meme here."
"I still have hope, but daaaamn we can’t do 4 quarters of offense or defense"
Maybe they realize we're playing a football game next drive
Good to see we overlooked the Cowboys
Can we play like an undefeated team for once??
"BUTLER, TAKE TJ WATT OUT OF COVERAGE YOU FUCKING IDIOT"
Guess I should’ve started the Dallas defense in fantasy
take mondeaux off the field please
Mondeaux needs to go back to Golden corral
This is a coaching issue. We’re obviously the far superior team and yet we’re playing exactly how they want us to.
Lmao. You truly have to laugh
Chiefs can handle the Jets easily but when it comes to us we look embarrassing. We aren't winning a super bowl.
This is embarrassingly embarrassing
Time to unleash hell
"I'll check in on this after halftime, maybe Ben will send Randy packing by then."
Maybe we'll do the opposite of what we usually do and instead give heart attacks in the first half and play mediocre before smashing 24 points past them in the 4th quarter
"Dallas barely had 10 in their last 3 games

lol"
That was pathetic
Why the F was Watt on Lamb
Wow...
Sucks that out talent bails out shitty coordinators
How the hell do we drop 8 and leave him that open in the end zone.
Great refereeing refs go fuck yourselves
Can we not put out best pass rusher in coverage... covering their best receiver...
Christ I’m having a melt down already
"PLEASE TELL ME MORE ABOUT GARRETT, SUCH A CINDERELLA STORY"
The worst start all season wow
why do we insist on dropping TJ Watt in coverage on 3rd down
I trust we will win the game but this looks pretty fucking bad
Steelers just love playing down to their competition don’t they?
NO WAY WE LOSE TO THESE FUCKING BUMS
Do any of you understand zone defense?
Just so so disappointed that we still show up completely unprepared for these games. I’ve really got to give up expecting us to get over it.
This team is why I have trust issues.
Score here. Quick stop. Score again before the end of the half.
Gah our offensive playcalling just blows so much. So hard to get momentum when we are doing shit like running on 2nd and 14 and giving up on drives passing 2 yards on 3rd and long.
"in a way I'm actually glad this is happening because now they'll stop using their trash run plays and just pass the damn thing or get creative. I mean, he can't just keep running hb dives right?

right?"
Does Butler not trust his corners to call man coverage? Getting out coached big time
I think everyone is over reacting we’re still gonna win like we did against the ravens
I am not surprised in the slightest bit.
How do you people make it through games being this emotional lmfao
Stevie Wonder could see this coming
Man defense to actually make Gilbert throw people open? Nah. Linebackers on receivers again.
we def didnt take this team seriously.
CONNER WAS OKAY THIS WHOLE TIME AND WE DIDNT USE HIM FUCKING ONCE LAST DRIVE?!
"How bout we start playing different personnel? They got a receiver on a LB/pass rusher almost every play (TJ has 3 coverage snaps alone already). Let's just go to nickel or even bring in a dime backer, and play with a bear front, and stop dropping our outside backers in coverage other than flats at least for a while"
You’re telling me Conner was healthy and had nothing to do with the last drive.  Wha in the fuck are they doing
"Five wide, call the play at the line. Let’s go."
"I love the Steelers

However I hate Randy Fitchner"
lol will you guys calm down? there's a reason we play all 60 minutes.
So Randy are we going to continue the run run pass?
Actual good punt by Berry and that happens anyways🤡
Can't blame the coaches for the execution on some of these plays.
Imagine what the Chiefs will do to us
still a 50 yard play at least
This is the super bowl for the cowboys
pathetic
I put the game on 5 mins ago and it’s already infuriating. Come tf on they’re 2-6 for a reason
"Don't worry, guys. I'll turn off my TV and we'll get going. I'm taking this one for the team."
"I'm not even mad, this is laughable. I think we'll be fine 2nd half as per tradition"
Slow starts mean bad prep for the week... coaching issue not player issue for sure
Hmm can’t tell which team is 7-0
Not surprising at all. Been like this for years.
Like 5 blocks in the back. Glad they chose one!
Cowboys might as wel go for it. We can’t stop them.
Mike Tomlin special coming up
Anyone freaking out yet or is it still too early?
What's the point of having Watt practice all week just to fucking pull him. He came on the plane. It just makes no sense
Eagles held them to 9 and Washington held them to 3
I would kill to have competent coordinators. Watching other teams coach well every week is frustrating.
This team has always been so nonchalant with lesser teams. Shit is ridiculous
Brah I am not having a good time right now
The way this game is going is so eerily similar to the 2014 game against the 1-8 Jets. We go down like 13 or 17-0 in the first quarter and a half and go on to lose 20-13. I’m having extreme dejavu
"Stop running the fucking ball. The O-line can’t do it, your running backs can’t do it, just stop fucking doing it. 

Running on first and second down and not getting a first down is a losing gameplan"
"I know this is going to sound stupid but, could playing towards those giant stupid fucking windows with the sun glaring directly into the players faces be playing a part in our piss poor performance so far or is it poor play calling and execution"
This drive has to end in a TD
Looks like I’m getting fucking sloshed
Run through the air. We’re good at that
Good shit Juju
Juju looking like Hines Ward on that one
Ben get drunk before the game?
Lmao Ben is so mad
Am I the only one that thinks Ben calls the plays everytime we are able to move the ball decently.
Bens deep ball is so trash so far this year
Big Ben needs to fix up on these long shots ffs
It’s crazy that I expected Dallas refs to call the PI
Steelers vs. Refs
There is this clear delineation between playcalling. Interesting.
Lol these refs are pieces of shit
"Where’s that guy who made that mason Rudolph coming in
Today thread? Fuck that guy"
Ben’s staying in thankfully. Please don’t let this year get any worse
"&#x200B;

Well, it is halftime.  Ben  can put some ice on that kneee and come back better than ever"
I swear to god y’all
"Ben is hobbling...

Why is he still in there???"
Injections for Ben incoming at halftime
I’m willing to donate any body part Ben needs. I cannot watch Rudolph again.
Ben shake that shit offfff
Take Ben out wtf. I rather lose this game than lose Ben for four games or the season
Damn Ben threw that with some anger lol
Chase bailed him out there lol
Ebron might be my favorite offseason addition this year
Hurt Ben has entered the game. Dallas is fucked
wouldn't it be great if did this all game?
I count two penalties that the refs missed against the cowgirls
Bionic Ben is best Ben
Gimpy Ben TD pass!
All my homies love james washington
They’ve activated Ben’s trap card
BEN IS KING
YESSIRR
That’s my QB 😢
If half injured Ben just the thing this team needs?
Ben's pump fake still elite after all these years.
Legendary pump fake
missed PAT? srsly?
"Ok

So it takes Ben to get smashed and his left knee fucked to get serious.

And then there is the boz."
And he missed the PAT. This is swimming in fucking headaches
Oh boz god cmon man
Now that is a LUNCH PAIL GUY
Are you fucking serious?
alright. back on track a little.
BeN Is WasHeD Up PuLL HiM.
Ben might not be able to throw deep right now but he can manage a drive when he calls the plays.
"Worst half of the season by far. Wow.
But we’re still not out of this just yet"
Oh Boz
God fucking damn it
I love my drama king Ben
Wtf Boz
One of those games... Probably gonna come off of the foot of boswell to end the game and redeem that missed XP
"Ben in pain, is a focused Ben.  Now time for the D to wake up.  Steelers are only a pick-six from a tie."
"Wow. Top to bottom. There’s some disappointment. Definitely ONE OF THOSE GAMES, when Bos is missing the XP"
"I just hope this means a second half of banged up Ben

He’s next level when he’s hurt a little"
Wouldn't say no to a pick 6 before the half
An injured Big Ben is better than a healthy Big Ben
Why. Can. We. Not. Just. Play. Well.
"Watch it again kids, not on Boz"
Who knows if it was Boswell or if Jordan berry messed up the hold
Release the red zone reindeer
This game isn’t over. It’s not gonna surprise me if they bring it back like they always do. But goddamnit is this so frustrating that they do this shit all the time against teams they should not be losing to.
People sleep on Ben as a football mind. He’s not just backyard Ben. This is somebody who knows the game and has truly developed
Nice throw to get the TD but that Dallas defender literally held Claypools jersey for 6 or 7 steps before TACKLING him down. Totally missed call blown by the ref.
"It’s so predictable, defense is Swiss cheese until the red zone. Offense is terrible until Ben starts calling play at 2 mins left"
I just constantly flip my opinions with this defense. I mean Ben being potentially hurt means the D will need the win the game but can they? They gave up 13 points to a 4th string QB but on the other side have dominated some games. I can’t read this D
I think they’re just using the extra time to get him in there and evaluate i think Ben is good
I still love me some bos. He only had one bad season for us and every kicker is bound to miss here and there.
Lol oh no... here we go with Mason.
Just kick it now lol
RUDOLPH ELITE LETS GO
Rudolph pls bro
Lol Ben come back please
"I know Rudolph is higher on the depth chart, but did we ever decide if he was better than Duck?"
"1: what a defence

2: let's go Rudolph the Redzone Reindeer"
I’m over here like... Mason is fine but I still don’t think he’s our future. :-/
Just get a field goal. Pls just get a field goal
Its absurd the Cowboys are allowed to get away with those windows
Masons floaters gonna get our receivers killed
"Turnover great

Mason not great"
Not mason Rudolph Jesus
Mason throws passes that get our WR murdered
Thank you JuJu for coming down with that
So lucky for juju
I thought we were done with this clown
shit. got barely 1 play.
Why is mason in the game?
they couldn't get 5 yards with Mason
"Wonder if Randy is gonna bust out the Samuels / Conner wildcat duo? 

Things are already going pretty terribly"
Imagine if we went after Andy Dalton as a backup
tf was that. god mason sucks.
Lots of whacky shit in this game but The fact that the steelers can’t run the ball against one of the worst run defenses in the league is the most ridiculous.
Isn’t it easier to kick in a fucking dome?
Damn y’all must be some new fans
Fuck it go for the 59 yarder
BOSGOD😎😎
praise be....cam heyward?
WHAAAAAAAAAT????
Ok Boswell you’re forgiven for that missed extra point lol
Not to take credit but I sent him my energy so you’re welcome boys 😎
BOZ REDEMPTION
Bahahahaha.  He made it. Lolololol.
Bosgod again
WOWWWW HOLY SHIT BOZ
.... and totally redeem yourself!
Cmon Ben.
New career high?
"OK, 4 point game. Ideally Ben comes back in the 2nd half, leads us to a comeback and we get out of here 8-0"
BOZGOD with the boomer
Atta boy bozzy
"Misses extra point. 
Makes 60 years FG"
FALSE START OP LES GO
We needed one good thing to take to the locker room and that’s boz making a 59 yard kick his bitch
That's my Bosgod!
Bos is like Ben i guess lol miss the 54 but nails the 59 by a lot lol
"Can you now use the snapper as leverage? I feel like that happened both attempts, unless I saw wrong. Looked like he used our guys to jump up the middle"
What happened to Ben? I missed the game up until now
I miss Charlie Batch every year as he set the standard for backups.  He is only 2 years older than Brady.  Wonder what he is doing?
Burt says Ben is expected to return
BEN EXPECTED TO RETURN...praise his knee
"Let’s calm down about Ben. If Ben was in danger of missing time, I don’t think he would have stayed out there."
"Love that Coach still has faith in his team, even after all this time."
"Please be okay, Ben."
Ben expected to return per DVE
I'm too drunk to know what to expect so someone tell me how to feel rn
Robo-Ben revenge tour incoming
I think we bring more blitz  pressure in the second half
"So glad Bens coming back, but the Steelers gotta atleast make Dobbs QB2 after that showing."
Ben if you win this I'll promise to stop referring to you as the two time.
We gotta get into nickel. Too many WRs covered by LBs
Gilbert looks like Steve Young out there compared to Ma$on
This Brady guy is pretty good
We are getting killed in the secondary...
Gilbert is picking us apart
Bro garret fucking Gilbert is bending us over the fucking barrel what is this
Watt blew that one.
"The offense has been rough, but the defense today is far more disappointing for me"
A sack would be cool
"Idk what evil spell the city of Baltimore has put on his, but our run D has been trash since then."
"So yea.... our defense as of the Bush injury (or second half of The Titans game), has not been the same. 
Sure we ended up with wins but haven’t played well down to down."
Good to see they made absolutely zero adjustments at halftime. Getting absolutely fucking dunked on by a 4th string QB.
FG miss would be nice
I’m glad their kicker is automatic this game
"Dupree out here like:Same old shit (shit), just a different day (day)

Out here tryna get it (get it), each and every way (way)"
"I still fail to understand why we run base against 11 personnel, especially when they have Pollard in (not that he's bad just more of a change of pace than a run you over guy)."
Need a new plan offensively. Whatever we had coming in isn't working
"just saying Slay the Spire and Celeste are on crazy good deals on PS4 and they're pretty relaxing to play while watching games on my phone. especially slay the spire, if anyone's looking for a fun game for multitasking."
Lol @ them saying let’s see what Ben looks like after the injury. We already saw what he looks like.... 4/4 and a TD. So dramatic
I’m stuck outside away from the TV what’s the update on Ben?
The blocking on that reverse play was trash at best
Berry is booming the ball today
Our D is going to have to win it for us again
Just take the yardage needed for the first down. We’re down one score. We don’t need a home run
This o line ain't getting Isotoners for christmas
Our offense collectively has low T. They need some of that gel you rub on your shoulder
"Al, Pounce, DeCastro, Chuks, idk what the fuck y'all are doing but it needs to end here"
"I feel like I'm in the twilight zone. As much as I know this teams performance in these games I said no way, not this game. And here we are."
Need defense to step up for us please
defense splash play to save the day coming i can feel it
Wtf happened to this run defense...
This run defense is a joke. What the fuck happened?
Come the fuck on.
Poor tackling
Best run D in the league right there
Almost no pressure on their QB
TJ getting that cock punch fist 🤛 ready
We have got to tackle!!!
What is life if not to lose trap games
We cant stop Garrett Gilbert. Garrett Gilbert is unstoppable. Garrett Gilbert.
This guy picks apart our secondary like Tom Brady
This is just complete trash on defense. Remember when the Steelers used to eat rookies and first time qbs.
Gtfo out of zone
Getting torched by a 4th string QB
What's that? Yet another fucking LB in man coverage on a god damn fucking WR?
That clock's just cruising away
"1st down: TFL
2nd down: Make it 3rd & short
3rd down: Easily give up a 1st 

*rinse and repeat*"
So we're just not gonna make a stop this drive?
Hurt cam is out here playing better than our whole Dline.
Watching these defense and I'm feeling like I've never seen these guys before
"Feels like one play we put our foot on the gas and the next we take it completely off and start pumping the brakes.

Getting whiplash over here."
I guess we aren't the #1 run D anymore
Defense sucks dick until these fucks are already in FG range...
don’t give me that olé bullshit sutton
Fucking dog shit
Tomlin can't beat teams with losing records
Why must they always do this shit every fucking year.
This is weak so far. Plenty of time left.
Greg Zuerlein is dad dicking our 7-0 team.
WE HAVE TIME.
"Only 10 points but what a miserable fucking game. 

The defense and offense need to come to life and stay alive. These little jolts of life before going limp is clearly not getting the job done. Expected us to phone it in today but this is ridiculous."
Still plenty of game left. I believe
Just shut up Romo
Hard to blame our defense when our offense can't stay on the field. Two weeks in a row where our offense is virtually nonexistent and our defense suffers for it having to stay on the field for a long time with little breathers in between.
Lol can’t wait to see a 50 yard bomb on 3rd and 1
"won't be the first time Tomlin's been out coached by McCarthy, it's easier to understand with Aaron Rodgers at QB though."
Can we play offense already!!! We can't give garbage teams hope. You know Cowboy fans will never shut up about this one 4ever
">[STEELERSDEPOT]The Steelers are 6-4 as double-digit road favorites under Mike Tomlin, per pro football ref, Last loss was to Raiders in 2018. X-ray Machine Gate

6-4 when you are BIG favorite is not good"
FELLAS WE CANT LOSE TODAY AND GIVE MR BIG CHEST THE SATISFACTION
More short/intermediate passing please
Got to catch that
Juju is the only bright spot in this game
JUJU LETS GOOOO
Protect Juju at all costs.
JuJu got the hot hand! Feed him!
Now can we have bionic Ben tear this shitty defense up??
JUJU
Thank you juju
Jujuuuuuu
JUUUJUUUUUU
PAY THAT MAN
Juju wants to get paid!
He was heading for the star
FUCK YES
We’re still in this!!!
Thank God we did something finally. Now if our D can make a stop that would be great.
IVE NEVER DOUBTED THIS TEAM BEFORE EVER IN MY LIFE I SWEAR
JUJU
Juju‘s drive
THERE WE FACKIN GO BOYS
JUJUUUUU
I’m a pats fan (please don’t kill me) but Ben easily CPOTY. Hope his knee thing this game is a speed bump on a great season
Pay JuJu and fire Danny Smith JFC
"&#x200B;

No Flag?"
Pay Juju
NO DOUBT IN MY LIFE I SWEAR TO GOD
You’ve got to be shitting me
"Ok, now defense make a damn stop for once."
"Legit, I can block better lol"
Dude for fucks sake
Right in the middle. That's embarassing.
I’d like to forget this game
Omfg.
Ok D. Step. Up.
just our luck
Literally anything good we follow with some bullshit
I love juju
Pick 6 LFG
Not Boswell's fault BUT why take the personal foul yardage on the kickoff? That's nearly guaranteed touchback. Help the guy kick the extra point.
Bruh wtf is happening
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Why the fuck not
Looked like he was running out of bounds
Cut everyone on special teams tomorrow
Jesus Christ all three phases are brutal today. Wake up call.
I think the Specials Teams is a little bit of a problem again
Danny Smith needs to go.
WHY CAN WE NOT STOP THEM????
I look away for one second...
Elite special teams today
Our special teams aren’t very special.
Already in the red zone 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol Danny smith just knows how to ruin my day
STOP PLAYING GODDAMN ZONE DEFENSE
Our special teams have been an absolute strength this season and today they decided to shit the bed. WTF?!?!?
[deleted]
our defense is legitimately unrecognizable today
This game is all about MOMENTUM. And we keep fucking losing it every time we get some.
This whole team has been playing shit.
Just do a touchback.
We deserve a loss here.
"JuJu why did you dance on their logo before the game?! Seriously a lot of this seems downright unlucky.

Ain't gonna shit on my team, love these guys, but I'm over here like ???"
mmmmm idk he looked like he stepped out there
Only win if we get a turnover... just no mojo today on D
Fuck this game lol
This band-aid rushing defense is so bad man. They're gonna get toasted for another 200 yards today.
"Pretty much everything has gone wrong today, so"
Where did our defense go?
I swear if we find a way to lose to this fucking HS JV team I'm done.
Heads need to fucking rolll on Monday
14 point favorites.  I knew that was a stupid line.
Here I am thinking we’re gonna win 34-3 today
[deleted]
MINKAH YOU BEAUTY
Half the distance from the 2 lol
"Let's gooooo! Hyped for the pick, but wished Minkah just took a knee"
"Ok. Well shit


Let's fucking goooooooooooooo"
Big time play right there
98 yards to go boys
"Incoming safety?


What else did hell have in store for us?"
#FUCKtinyromo
Stay in the endzone you fuck
Don’t run it out!!
A pick is a pick
Minkah clutch as hell
Lol. I’ll take that penalty
whooooo thought we were getting robbed
Pass run pass ? I mean let’s try it
"He keeps it a one score game and runs it out and y’all bitch, calm down either way we needed that badly."
"Minkah needs to go the Fuck down. Why running out of the endzone? Just 20 yards out of the window. 

But glad we have that beautiful safety."
Really surprised they let Gilbert throw in that spot. A FG is a 7 point lead
Time for a 90 yard Juju TD
12 minute touchdown drive EZ
My fucking heart I’m gonna die.
I don’t even know how you call hitting a dude in his chest a “blind side block.”
Let’s just go ahead and Win this fucker.
Diontae has a shitty catch radius.
Everytime I look up it's 3rd down
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP PASSING TO JOHNSON
Ray ray save the day day
Thank fuck Ben took over the play calling
It's uncle ben time
"Never had a 99 yard drive?


Didn't he throw a 99 yard pass to juju?"
if they are gonna keep giving us these 5-6 yd passes keep taking them.
*snip-snap snip-snap*
"Every time I turn it off the Steelers do something good so I’m leaving the game off, you’re welcome"
YO HE JUST STRAIGHT PUNCHED HIM
Haha. Nice composure dickhead
I like Claypool’s fire but getting involved in every altercation is going to lead to a penalty on us at some point
cant believe we need the refs to win this
Of course Romo wants to go down and protect his lil cowboy
Cowboys been buttering the ball during changeovers
bad take on tony acting love or MacFarland was holding his facemask. AM was pushing him off so that's dumb
I think the refs feel bad for us
Holy fuck.
Tie Game.... OH WAIT
"Good going, Chris"
Please fire Danny Smith. Crawford has ran the same play 3 times and he hasn’t stopped it
We desperately need a real running game
LETS GO DEFENSE
I’m fine the unnecessary roughness call but to act like he should’ve been ejected goes against the sport of football
Strip sack comming up. Spillane easy
"Somebody want to stop that guy from getting home on *every* kick attempt, or what"
Thank God this was a touchback
TJ unleashed
See y’all at the hospital
MAKE A FUCKING STOP
this dallas offensive line of backups has out performed the Steelers DL and OL
All that just to give up the first in a sec
Great stop MondoMondu
Brett Fakesel makes a play
How come Zeke only looks good against the steelers?
I swear some of yinz are so pessimistic
"All things considered, Gilbert is playing well today."
Come on Ben you got this
Clutch Ben time!
"That's what we needed. 

Offense needs to put points on the board and torch the fucking clock."
Big ups to Romo for the Blazing Saddles reference
Some say Nantz is still saying their Punter's last name
Slow drive for a TD would be greaaaaat
Did Ben and Boswell bet against the spread or something lmao
I need a t shirt with Mondeaux in a print like the mountain dew logo
Bold prediction: we're gonna come out in 5 wide formation
Steeler heart attack football
This is four down territory until we get to the 20
Cmon Ben.  Let’s go offense.   Let’s PROVE we’re #1
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
LETS GO OFFENSE
"So special teams... our Achilles heel
This game?"
His feet can’t catch
How many drops does claypool have today
Ben's throws have not been good today. A lot of low/high/behind receivers.
Thank you refs omg
Why have we abandoned the run?
We are getting bailed out by the refs
FINALLY CALL IT
Ref does not want us to lose
I am shocked they called that for ben
3 great playcalls Randy. Thanks for the call refs
bailed out. nice.
Tomlin looks like he’s about to lose his goddamn mind
I hate that call but I’ll take it lol
YESSS I LOVE REFBALL
If we win this it will be almost entirely as a result of the variety of penalties Dallas has accumulated.
SO. MANY. DROPS.
"That’s a garbage call, right? Going backward and flails his arms? Super weak."
Cowboys sub must be up in flames right now
We’re gonna take a lot of heat for being bailed out by flags
Feels like ages since we ran the ball
That’s allll in!!!
And the mail in ballots put us on top
That’s a heck of a lot of time to leave. Hopefully the D can pull through
"Thank god. Get this two and then D play your asses off.

Well fuck. Still I like our chances to prevent them from scoring a TD. Defense will ball their asses off, as long as Butler doesn’t go full retard on the play calling."
Jumped right over that lil gnome
LETS FUCKING GO
Ebron baby!
EE EE EEEEEBRON
Leapbron
Nice Hurdle. How often do you see a Hurdle for  TD?
Too much time left. They needed to waste it.
Everyone Blast Renagade right Now
Pump Renegade into my dick veins
IM SORRY I EVER DOUBTED THIS TEAM IM SORRY
My fucking heart is NOT enjoying this.
BLAST RENEGADE
So this has gotta be a record for least amount of extra point conversions right?
We need to go to Juju in those situations man
Cutting the zone coverage like butter. Come on now
Anyone else have heart palpitations today? lol
We never do things the easy way
A lot of you guys are way behind
The last thing I wanted this game to come to is a defensive hold. They only punted 2 times.
EVERYONE HAVE RENEGADE ON STANDBY
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Ok, time for TJ to get some......"
Any chance we can like maybe not do this against the jags and bengals
Maybe Dallas will just kick a field goal
"I miss guys like Rod Woodson, Carnell Lake, and Troy Polamalu"
LETS GO DEFENSE!
"Give me either a defensive TD or at least a turnover. Forced fumble by TJ or Bud, or an int by Minkah."
It SHOULD BE 27-19 right now. The blocked XP and missed XP Is hurting so bad right now
"Gimme that sweet, sweet strip sack"
"A W is a W. I'll take staying unbeaten over anything but damn, this should never have been close.

A damn 4th stringer. 

And now a flag fest going against the Cowboys where my Cowboys fan coworkers are texting me ""they helping the Steelers. refs vs. cowboys"" and shit..."
FUCK ME CATCH THAT
"Think you guys have it tough? I’m the only Steelers fan in my house, while everyone loves the cowboys"
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
Punt it you cowards
CLUTCH HADEN
NICE WRAP UP JOE FUCK YEAH THAT WAS BIIIIG
Thank god for Joe Haden!
That was almost a TD oh my god
LETS GOOOOOOO
 THATS FUCKING DEFENSE
Let’s goooo
COMPLAIN MORE YOU FUCK
wow
Holy shit no way
LETS FUCKING GO CAM
Wow.
Cam has earned every penny of his paycheck
Lol McCarthy so red right now he's lookin like Andy reid. Fuck you Dallas.
THE DEFENSE ALWAYS PULLS THROUGH
[deleted]
Cameron Basedward.
FUCK YEAH HEYWARD
CAM MOTHERFUCKING HEYWARD
LETSSS GOOOO THE COMEBACK
CALM DOWN IT'S NOT OVER YET. WE NEED A 1ST DOWN.
WDKOSWIMAMQKQWKWOWOOOOOOOOOO
THIS IS THE WAY
I’m sending my cardiologist’s bill to Mike Tomlin
the win is gonna make us forget that our secondary is bad and the run game is like i don't even know....
Gilbert fucked Cams wife. I can clearly see that now
The secondary needs to step up next week though with Cincinnati coming off a bye. Their worst starting receiver is AJ Green at this point; which is saying something
BALL GAME
"We got away with one there, big non call on Heyward."
Cam is THAT MAN !!!
God this game is so good
"Hats off to Gilbert. Kids a gamer! 

That being said Here We Go! I never doubted them! (looks around nervously)"
LETS GO OFFENSE!
Wtf just kick the fg
Just take the fg there.  Wtf
Why the fuck didn’t they kick
KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL
"Wait, why didn't we kick a FG?"
Why would you not go for the FG??
Should have taken the points tbh.
Uhhhhh just kick the fg Wtf??
No FG?! What the fuck
WTF?? GO UP 8. OMG
Romo is 100% on point here. Can't risk a block as ST has been ass cheeks.
If we lose someone deserves to be out of a job...
Why not kick.......
Why did we not kick that FG......
That's on coaching
[deleted]
why would they not kick it. am I missing something
There is no reason to not take three there.
I feel uneasy about not attempting the field goal there
That may have been the dumbest play in the existence of football.
I’m in shock at how dumb of a call that was
Why the fuck does this happen every God damn week
So that FG call kinda of makes sense. They've been close to blocking just about every kick lol
"Goddamn, the fucking love/hate relationship I have with this team"
there is so much fucking wrong with this team.....
It's like want to lose this game
Tony is so fucking biased Holy fuck
Please D please. You've been called countless times but we need more. More
Ok why does Conner look like his dog died. Is it because we couldn't run against the worst run defense in the league.
"What the flying fuck was that decision not to take the field goal. I don’t care how shaky Boswell has been, we are giving them a chance to win this game"
Someone tell me why we didn’t kick the FG
is this a replay of last week?
"honestly, if I'm them I feel pretty good about gilbert after this game."
"Well, it comes to one play. Just like last game"
Not this situation again. My heart cannot take more of these.
PLEASE D. YOUR NAME IS CALLED ONCE MORE
LETS GO DEFENSE
Here comes the heart attack
Don’t believe they didn’t take the field goal
I am so scared. Let’s get an INT.
How do you miss that chokehold on Watt
Good lord I don’t need this in my life right now.
Even if we win this has been pathetic
End it with a sack come on
LETS GO DEFENSE
Jesus H Christ
Thank u Minkah
that’s the ball game
Fucked that cursed stadium. Get the squad and get out of there
"another week,  another heart attack."
8-0 babyyyyyyy
8-0
holy shit i can't keep doing this every week
Mad Respect for Gilbert. 8-0 baby
STEELERS FOOTBALL BABY
This team is going to kill me
Wheeeeeeew. That was too close shouldn’t have been that close to begin with.
Ben is all of us lol
And of course it's Minkah!
Thank god the NFL ratings aren’t chosen by a committee
MINKAH DOES IT AGAIN!!!!!
10 Hart attacks how bout y'all
Team of destiny or using up all our luck? 😂
140 BPM
I love this fucking team. Best start in franchise history
We lose this game any other year holy shit
First time ever 8-0.  Ugly as yo sister but still a W.
Fuckk all you sorry ass fans doubting Boz and then praising him a second later
Gotta love how Tomlin and Butler get exposed by other teams lining receivers on our linebackers. Going on 5 years now; no corrections
Trap game engaged. Initiate maximum steelering. I see us winning by a field goal. The steelers are out to kill off all older Pennsylvanians.
Steelers absolutely deserve to lose this game
"Alright motherfuckers let’s do this....

8-0. It’s go time. I want a good, clean game and I want our boys to get pulled in the 4th. 

WHO RIDE!?"
Why do we have to waste a TO EVERY 1st quarter?
you guys just attract negative energy
We look bad guys
Watt in coverage on lamb brilliant
this team is so talented but has the worst coordinators
TJ on a WR what could go wrong
This game has been so predictable. Of course the Steelers play like shit after beating a good team. Always play down to the opponent.
"Nothing like a long commercial to remind ya how much things suck right now due to the ongoing global pandemic that Amazon is making record breaking profits from. 

Thanks Amazon, you fucking suck."
Fichtner is a plague on that offense. The difference between Ben’s play calling and his is night and day. Fire that man Tomlin he is killing your team
Woke up from my mom texting and asking me if the Steelers were undefeated and I KNEW something was up.
Hopefully Ben is just get a pain shot and will rest up and be out there in 3
Goddamn it...that play should have never happened if it weren’t for the non call on PI on claypool
"Does Rudolph hire people to come on here and defend him? 

He's obviously one of the worst QBs in the league."
Did Romo just say “juicy ass”
Lol Butler is really an idiot 😂😂 Bud Dupree on Cooper? Really? Lmao
I'm just straight up not having a good time
"Well if we hold 'em for three then a touchdown ties it. 

Offense needs to be on this second half. These flat performances are killing us."
Getting outcoached on defense... trying to stay in base in 3 WR sets then dupree is covering amari cooper...
"Any given Sunday. It’s a one score game, let’s get the w here we go."
they may as well go for it. we cant stop shit.
Steelers and playing down horribly. Name a more iconic duo.
Idk how I thought we were super bowl bound
"Alright guys. Here's where the momentum shifts. Touchdown here, defensive stop, another touchdown."
"Chill it's the first quarter

Chill it's only halfway thru the second

Chill it's only halftime

 Chill there's still a quarter left <- *you are here*

Chill Ben has a great 2 minute drill"
Fine free play but come on Ben please do better. Make it a jump ball at least
Ah yes 1st and 15 from a 1st and 5. Delightful...
Our special teams is straight ass
WE HAVE TO KEEP JUJU AND BUD AT ANY COST. IDC HOW YOU GET IT DONE. JUST GET IT DONE.
Well it was nice to go 7-0. Had to end sometime.
God we needed that bi-week....
This is gonna be one of those games where the score makes it look closer than it actually was
down at the 2 lord give me strength
He’s usually a great announcer but Romo’s homerism is getting on my nerves. Also bc we’re losing lol
Imagine having 2 extra points
Okay at some fucking point you gotta just stand up and NOT let these dudes jump over the line
Mondo only pawn in game of life
"I don’t want to be negative but man, I really wanted to run and keep the clock going down."
We all know this is coming down to the last play. It’s the Pittsburgh way.
Calling it 300 yard second half for Ben
WHY ARE WE LETTING A 5TH STRING FUCKING KEEP THIS ALIVE
Guess we just don't get any PI calls this year
[deleted]
This has to be the trappiest of all trap games.
Defense wakes up when they’re already in a position to score lol
I can tell by the first drive with two bombs thrown when we never throw it deep that we overlooked this team lol.
#HIRE TODD HALEY
Playing down to the competition: The Mike Tomlin special
Conner would've gotten that first down
You wouldn't think this was a sub of a 7-0 team just from reading it lol
Death taxes and Playing down to a trash team
The chin would be foaming and spraying spit all over players by now.
Offense better wake up this upcoming drive.
Thank god this half went by fast and is almost over.
What an interesting commercial
It’s like they remembered Ben can throw the ball.
"Good things happen when you throw, who would have thought?"
I'm going to start sending my cardiology exams and blood pressure bills to the Rooney's and Steelers Front office
We are so much better in spread and Ben calling plays.
Where the fuck has this offense been. And why isn't it ran more.
Please don’t be ACL
Most Pittsburgh first half I’ve ever seen.
lmao rudolph is awful. Would be nice to have a competent backup qb to buy some time if Ben can come back
Incredible from Sutton man. He's so good. It feels like he always shines and gives us a spark when everything is dark. It sucks they get the ball to start but I hope we found what we needed to clean this game up
Overall terrible half...but we’re right back into it
"Ben, I’ll give you my knee if you want, it’s kind of fat but it’s young"
Losing to the Cowboys and keeping Ben safe would hurt but I think making sure he’s healthy is more important than trying to go 16-0
"i dont understand, why we tend to make backups look like Brady. is it cause the other coach tries to keep it simple and we plan for difficult? i dont understand.  i guess Dallas doesnt have much to lose either."
"this offense is so fucking bad, can't move the ball or score on the worst defense in the league"
Can Tomlin try to wake this fucking team up or is he just gonna continue to stand there and say nothing? Ffs
"The Steelers offensive line cratering this year has been the biggest issue on this team, full stop."
3rd and 4 let’s chuck it
Fuck this offensive line. They’re awful
Bens deep ball looks like trash this year. Get fucked Randy. Terrible play calls for yet another 3 and out.
Can't understand it. Why going for bombs on situations like that. Man we are in a lot of trouble.
3rd and 9. So Dallas will get 10+
So who else have the cowboys beat? Just so I know what company we’ll be a part of?
COME ON BOYS IT AINT OVER TIL LIZZO SINGS
How did it not occur to Ebron that he could’ve been holding there?
Pay JuJu after this drive
That type of shit is EXACTLY how you lose these type of games.
I'm talking to the supreme court right now about MASSIVE extra point fraud...
Maybe go for 2 next time
FIRE DANNY SMITH
FIRE DANNY SMITH
FIRE DANNY FRAUD SMITH
We are the imposter 😭
JUST FUCKING DOWN IT IN THE ENDZONE GOD DAMN
Shouldn't have ran it out but that's just being pessimistic. Hell yeah Minkah!
Hindsight is 20/20 but I want Minkah running that bitch out 10/10 times.
Swear Vander Esch punched him
"Fuck outta here LVE you fucking injury-prone, neck-pad wearing bitch"
Vander Esch probably still pissed about the election
EJECT HIM
"if he threw a punch, eject his ass."
"I know DJ isn’t the biggest guy, but he picks up like 2 more yards there if he just keeps running"
Refs gonna ever call leverage?
"Does anyone else get worried about Boswell getting mental issues whenever he misses a kick, his fault or not?"
Pittsburgh finally flipped
This is the unit I want out there to win it for us. Let’s go D!
I’m scared u guys
Pick six time?
DONT STOP THE COUNT
"I know Tomlin won you a super bowl and everything, and still kept you winless, but honestly, what the fuck was that call not to put the kicker in?"
HA YOU FOOLS CAPTAIN FAT FUCK PLAYS BETTER INJURED
I'd rather have David DeCastro be the backup QB than Mason Rudolph
Stop calling it gimpy you motherfucker
FUCK YOU JIM NANTZ
Also. Why why why do we always go for it all on third down. We needed 2 fucking yards. Ben can’t throw deep but keeps doing it. We have maybe 3 possessions left at this rate.
I predict we only lose 45-3 to KC
Imagine only having 9 points against the worse defense in the nfl 😳
"BIONIC BEN HAS RETURNED. 

I’m sorry but Mason just isn’t the guy, wish they’d realize that."
Waaaaahhhh my favorite team didn't do everything perfectly! The season is over
LFG STEELERS
Well.. ravens and chiefs are going to win :(
Rivers is so bad
Let’s just take care of business and hope for no injuries.
Please don't let this be a trap game.
"31-27 ugly win, but still a win"
I hate that this feels like a trap game
Lets get this dub man.
Hate when we're forced to wear our black jerseys on the road. Fuckin' Cowboys
"WALK IN YO TRAP TAKE OVER YO TRAP!!!! Let’s go Steelers, take over the Cowboys stadium"
Let this Mike Tomlin COTY campaign continue
Favorite wing flavors? Thinking about making some Korean wings at halftime
"Expectation. Blow them out, let Mason play in the fourth. Reality. Every game gotta be sweaty."
One job Panthers. You had one job today.
"fuckk it started snowing here, gotta go fire up the plow. I guess this is a radio game. FML. Pray for me the first plowable snow of the season."
Ok boys. Hopefully this is one we can just sit back and enjoy.
Alright Romo let's keep this unbiased eh
"Tony had to get a little Ravens dick suck in. ""they really should have lost to the Ravens"""
Is this three weeks in a row with Romo in the booth?
Outstanding analysis there Romo. Isn’t every defense’s goal to be like the 1985 Bears?
Giants fan here. Pls fuck the cowboys in the ass so hard that they tremble in fear when u guys play in the future
Lamar Jackson who?
RAMPAGING RHINO RUMBLES DOWNFIELD
IS THAT LAMAR?
DAD SPEED
Speedy Ben
Rumbling Ben
RUMBLIN
Ben realizing the NFL rushing title is still in play.
Like a fridge falling off the back of a truck at high speed.
Romo just hates Ben.
And they say Lamar is the better runner.
Let’s not do that Ben
"Man, that’s way too risky wtf"
Holy pick-able ball
GUNSLINGER BEN BABY
FUCK CLAYPOOL YOU GOTTA CATCH THAT
Claypool wtf
“Let’s throw a low percentage pass to kill our drive.”
great throw ben
Mapletron probably shoulda had that though despite the hold
No flag though? Looked like big holding
Jesus Berry is ass
um no call there?
That’s def a foul.
should’ve come down with that but also should’ve been a flag
"I’m conflicted, I want former longhorn qb Garrett Gilbert to succeed but I want the steelers D to play well."
Cmon chase
"Wtf was that though, the offense had momentum then 2 deep shots outta nowhere. Claypool shoulda had a touchdown anyways but odd calls."
Gilbert is going to be the next goat and it starts with this game lol
Ok. Ready to see the defense dominate.
I hope Zeke doesn't have a good day
I really want to know what our success rate is against the pass on third down. That has to be a low number. I’m sure of it
Need to welcome this Gilbert guy with a sack
Lol everyone can calm down
We should take a deep breath lol. It will be fine
We don't concern ourselves with opening drive touchdowns and things of that nature
start choppin at that ball. Elliot is known to fumble.
Damn we’re really out here making the Cowboys look better than the Ravens
So our run defense just went out the door last week?
It's like the defense doesn't ever want to play for a full game.
I’m less worried about Gilbert as I am about our run defense rn
That was dang good coverage vince.
High smith baby
Ok. Ok. Ok.
BINCE
Did Zeke lose 10-15 pounds?
Highsmith is looking realllly good
Nice. Held em to a FG
I don’t think they’re gonna score in the red zone on us.  There’s no space.
Chill people
At least the sack streak continues. That's 65 consecutive games
Nothing to see here. Just some early game Steelering.
The Steelers are the #1 seed in my heart every year.
Vanilla playcalling.
Steelering is back on the menu
Shit playcalling so far
Now this is a good looking offense
"Ok, this playcalling is not doing it."
Alright let's quit with this lax ass offense. It gets annoying.
Someone wanna tell Fitchner it's not preseason?
"2nd and 14... run to bleh Snell.... 3rd and long... a 2 yard out screen pass.  

Back on the fire Fitchner train"
"Ah, my Steelers :)"
Hell of a punt holy shit 57 yards
If you don't love this you don't love steelers football.
Ok berry. Ok.
oh boy Randy fichtner makes me real frustrated. lol
Shaping up to be classic Tomlin road game against a bad opponent.
Hell of a punt by Berry!
Did the OC not watch tape on the cowboys?
What a punt
Jordan Berry the goat
Sadge
Two absolutely tired starts for this offense. What is going on....
Hopefully we're only doing this to lure them into a false sense of security.
Can someone explain why punters don’t audible to a pass when the gunner is left unmarked?
running on 2nd and 14 is peak offense
Running on 2nd and 14 - I just cannot believe it
Back to our regularly scheduled programming of Steelering
"Why is it that every time we play a ""historically bad"" defense we always looks like total shit?"
I smell a pick6
Is this a trap game? I thought that was supposed to be the bengals game
Ain’t nothing Tuitt
Still 1:44 left in the first and I'm on beer 3. #Steelering
I would enjoy winning this game just so Tomlin can already have his 14th season as HC posting no losing record
1st Q: 74 offensive yards for Dallas. 25 for Pittsburgh
Lol check out Haden being a PR. Love the versatility of the defense playing special teams
good shit joe
Haden?
That was definitely not part of the plan. What's going on with our sideline?
What's wrong with RayRay...
Ok that looks like a ben play
I don’t think I want starters returning punts
Joe Haden?
Let’s go Mapletron
The crowd sounds like they're rooting for us.
There you go CC
Atta boy JuJu
Ring the bell
Love the check down to RB there
Go for it
God we really just can’t beat up on bad teams?
Rushing’s just not doing it.
Run game ain’t there right now
I heard that the Cowboys have the worst run defense?
Why tf are we struggling?
Steelers doing what McCarthy should’ve done. You’re a two TD underdog and 2-6 with a fourth string QB. You win this game by keeping Roethlisberger off the field. That might require risks. But what do you have to lose?
Where's Connor?
Where is James Conner?
Are we playing a ton of backups? It's the only explanation for what I'm seeing.
Strange to use our scatback in short yardage situations
What a fucking joke
Embarassing.
Yikes
They really can't get a yard running the ball. This is sad.
Where the fuck is Conner
Why run that in shotgun?
Cant run against a terrible Dallas D fucking LOL
Run 3 draws in a row lol
"This team fucking sucks against bad teams. Plain and simple. What a terrible fucking call. 

This team needs to wake the fuck up. Christ."
Fucking Fichtner
Cool cool fucking cool
How fucking stupid can you be
whats the point of having a fb if you dont use him
Why is the smallest dude running on 4th and 1?
Only the 7-0 Steelers could make the Cowboys look like a competent team...
You gotta be fucking kidding me same play call
Not giving that to Conner huh?
In the fucking shotgun without a FB when you need a half yard. Love it.
Playing down to competition?! Absolutely no one could’ve thought of this
"They’re a fucking professional football team too, you know? You cannot play this absurdly fucking stupid and expect to beat them just because they’re 2-6."
ANOTHER FUCKING DRAW? ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? THIS IS ALL YOU CAME UP WITH AFTER THAT TIME OUT? RANDY JUST GO AHEAD AND FIRE YOURSELF
Shitshow
and an uncalled facemask.
Mondeaux is ass lol
Stop running the ball!
I still don't know why Monduex is playing on this 5 star defense. Makes us look weak on his side
Bless Watt
Fucking play the game. Jesus christ
What the fuck are we doing...
"Look, they have the number 32 run defense and we can’t run it on them? For fucks sake"
Gilbert running on us better than Lamar did last week
99 sucks
Lol we are letting Gilbert run on us more than lamar
Lol what the fuck is happening
"Pittsburgh, what the fuck are you doing?"
Gilbert has more yards scrambling than our whole offense
Steve fucking Young out here guys
"We all knew this would happen, fucking Steelers 😂😂😂"
I wish we would’ve traded for a DT instead of LB
What is going on 😂
Mondueax so fucking slow and out of position.  Tries to swap sides and gives that free scramble.
Team has clearly come into the game without the right mindset. They thought it would be a cakewalk
dallas using the baltimore strategy. run the fucking qb
God this sucks to watch
Randy Fichtner’s useless ass is going to single handedly be the thing that costs this team a SB run.
This is not looking good
Gilbert on the run after realizing watts not on containment.
We're gonna go into the half with the score being 0-6 aren't we?
What is going on with our defense???
Did the Steelers even get on the plane for this game?
Let Ben call it already Jesus
"I'm not stressed about the game as a whole, but this is absolutely unacceptable. If we want to be taken seriously, we need to be able to play to our potential."
"I thought it was just a coach that had COVID

whole team seems to have it"
move the ball downfield with ease by passing only to lose it by running the ball...
We could use a turnover.
Let’s hold to a field goal please.
This is pathetic
Guys good news I think all the pre scripted Randy Fitchner drives are all over.
"Lmao, definitely looks like the typical Steelers trap game."
You just have to assume we wouldn't be able to slow down the elite talent that is Jim Gilbert.  Or Bob. Or whatever his name is.
Tomlin on the sideline while losing: 😎
Making Gilbert look like he's an MVP candidate.
OvErReAcTiNg
Who's this trash long haired white guy we have?
LMAOOOOO this is pathetic. Why put ourselves in this position?
"Steelers Steelering, nature is healing"
Defense looks clueless out there.
Time for a tranquilizer.
What the actual fuck.
We're getting cooked no oil or butter
What the fuck is happening rn?
So we aren’t defending the pass at all now or?
We have two more rookies on bad teams coming up in the next two weeks.  Time to turn things up and make a statement for the rest of the game.  Rookies standing in the pocket and fearlessly making throws is not the image we need.  Bring on the pressure! and tight coverage.  We Gotta keep people afraid of this defense.
What. The. Fuck.
wow. i cant even.
Time to get absurdly hammered
Wtf is happening
Wrong team scored a touchdown.
"Take it easy, we’ll be alright"
Defense needs to make some adjustments. We are shooting ourselves in the foot.
Such is life
I’m just as surprised as y’all are.
"Not sure why there's always an open receiver. What is up with our coverage choices.

Our defense will adapt so I'm not worried yet, just some questionable choices so far."
this game fucking sucks
Fack
Of course they break their no touchdown streak on us.
What. The. Fuck.
I think we all had a feeling that we would be playing down to them to some degree today
We got this relax
Welcome to steelering dumbasses!
How does the secondary have such an insane drop off from last year
Seriously zone coverage isn’t working. Play to your strengths!
"&#x200B;

Why are the Steelers making the Cowbys look like a decent team?      Are the Steelers intentionally  stooping to their level? 🤔"
https://media1.tenor.com/images/9154479fb6ddacca0be1e4a5eadcc2a2/tenor.gif?itemid=16579505
This is Pittsburgh steelers football... beat the ravens then get our asses kicked by some 2-6 team with a Randy QB
Gilbert has 4 more rushing yards then we do as a team. 28 be 24
"Watt in coverage on CeeDee Lamb. Haden slipped on his turn around to the sideline. 

That’s tough."
"Alright boys you FUCKING AWAKE NOW
I’m not stressing this is a classic Steeler slow start but they never aren’t frustrating as moving away from Pittsburgh and realizing that the Pittsburgh left ain’t a thing anywhere else"
That was their first TD in 3 weeks. They have already scored more this half than in their last 2 games combined.
Is Conner hurt? Where is he?
LoL i love how we knew this was gonna happen
I hate being able to predict the future.
"This team isn’t winning shit with Watt, Vince covering WR and screen passes or run plays on 2nd&long. 

Ffs we’re losing by 10 against the worst defense in the NFL and a QB who hasn’t played in 2 years. And Elliot isn’t even playing well."
Remember when Pittsburgh was down 17-7 last week in Baltimore? Everyone should chill out. They adjusted in the second half and played better
"well lets hope Butler doesn't Vince Williams on Keenan Allen like last year where he just kept doing it all game. 


I don't think I've seen Watt on a WR all year"
Butler and fichner can’t gameplan their way out of a paper bag
Chinga tu madre 30 veces Keith Buttler
"God, we get it, Garret was on a practice squad, you don't have to say it everytime he fucking does anything"
"I wanted to believe the days of playing down to the opponent were over.

God I hate being fucking wrong."
"*they managed to snag a qb off a local high school team, so we gotta tip our cap to that* - postgame interview"
The Steelers receivers posted TikToks dancing around on the field instead of warming up
Not that our defense is playing to their standard.... but this offensive showing is just sooooooo bad. Both playcalling and execution
"Run, screen pass, deep throw, punt."
No intensity at all. In defense blitz like you always do. On offense stop running it every play. Jeez open up the field.
Well hopefully being down 10 makes us start throwing more
*pain*
"Last thing we want is a stupid Romo Report, who even let this clown call a Cowboys game?"
"We'll pull this out, I believe. Just Romo needs to stop filating his old team for 5 seconds"
"Once again the problem is that the offense is absolutely useless and can’t hold onto the ball for more than a few minutes. The defense is gassed.  

The offense needs sustained drives for us to win."
"Hello offense, you there yo?"
So conner could have played that 4th down.
"Anyone saying the game is over obviously hasn’t been watching this year. Sure, Butler is terrible, but once the players start checking down on what they’re seeing on the field, we’ll start a takeover"
run run pass. what the fuck
Lol we suck
"Yeah. 

Offense is a big ass problem."
Are you fucking kidding me? What is this stupid ass play calling?
I didn't remember ordering another run run pass
"Worst defense in the league, and we can’t get a first down"
The fuck is this shit? Playing like we don't give a damn
Offense looking just like last week in the first half.
OH MY FUCKING GOD STOP RUNNING PLAYS THAT WILL GET 5 YARDS AT MOST
We have the best WR core we’ve ever had and a HOG QB. Throw the ball!!!
Jesus christ tomlin grow a fucking pair. Stop wearing the defense down to the fucking ground
"The Steelers have never gone 8-0. In 1978, we went 7-0.  Bottom line let’s find a way to win this game still."
Block in the back
"Outstanding play calling and execution.  

We now need a freaking turnover against awful Dallas"
What. The. Fuck. Just. Happened.
Roethlisberger looks like shit.
"Jesus fucking Christ. 

Run, run, pass, go fuck yourself Fichtner."
WHAT
Oh man.
Our special teams coach would never be this smart. Instead we got Haden returning punts to throw them off lmao
I mean lol on that special team play but I kind of wish that would become a trend. Make punts a little more exciting.
This is unbelievable
Are you fucking with me?
This team is so poorly coached
They fell for that high school Harry shit
Time to wake up boys
I knew this was gonna be the game where we do this bullshit
Danny Smith is a useless cunt.
What on earth is going on
Don’t worry guys... we’re still going to win this game. We’ll hit our rhythm.
We got lucky this bum slipped
Once the field flips and out offense and defense don’t have the sun in their eyes then things will turn around
Fuck Keith butler
"There is still a second half, hopefully we adjust"
Not so excited to see our offense trot back out.
Only 2 score game still just I would feel a bit more confident if we had 1 score in the first half against these
"Welp, if you're gonna lose a game, it's best to lose a game that doesn't really have any affect on the conference or division I suppose. Better get some points on this drive."
Canada needs to be OC idk who needs to call the plays on defense but it shouldn’t be butler but at least he they only got a field goal
How fucking bright is that flashlight?
Supposedly this Dallas D is historically bad. Yet they look like the 85 bears.
My Tennessee Vols were up 13-0 at the half last night. Lost 24-13. Keep the Faith. LOL
This would be a disappointing and heartbreaking start if it weren’t so damn predictable for the Steelers to play down to a 2-6 team with a 4th string QB.
Why can’t we have nice things?
"In a 2 possession game, on a Steelers team that typically makes the required adjustments at half, I think everyone needs to chill out."
Long commercial
"Wake up, offense. Let's get some points before the next half."
absolutely no fucking way yall want todd haley back lmaoo
"Look for whatever reason we can’t get our offense going. If I’m Fichtner, get Ebron involved. Start by throwing the ball to the middle of the field and build some momentum."
Open this fucking playbook call out all the shots. We are in SURVIVAL MODE.
Oh that’s right we have receivers.
Oh we're throwing the ball now?
Getting so much more yardage passing it so watch go back to running three in a row
Randy Ficthner has to go as OC. Demote the man back to QB coach or something
"Oh wow looks like Ben is directing the offense, what a shock that things immediately start clicking."
"Let Ben call the plays!

It’s obvious from last week and so far today that they need to let him make the calls.

I’m tired of screaming at the tv. My dogs are hiding.....lol"
he overthrew him by 5 yards
[deleted]
This game is a fucking disaster.
just not on the same page on deep balls throughout most of the year.
if that ball is catchable it’s PI
Oh shit. Right on ben's leg
"You’re good Ben, walk it off"
Lmao tackled before the ball hit the ground okay
This is fine
so uh..remind me who our back ups are for QB?
Injured ben best ben
Honestly just lose this game but don't you dare lose Ben.
Bad getting worse with Ben holding his knee
Holy fuck. How was that not penalty for a low hit?
Ben is honestly a warrior wtf
wow what a grab !!!
HURT BEN IS BEST BEN
alright can we start beating the christ out of dallas now that they hurt ben
Injured Ben is best Ben
Ben is a tough dude
Whats with all these missed pis?
Holy shit Claypool
Fuck. Is that the same knee he had meniscus surgery on in 2016?
Sick pump fake by Ben
"Big, changes the game."
Hurt ben best ben
Ben going full Kobe right now
I see you Washington 👀👍🏻
finally a td
TD baby !!!!!!!!
The most necessary of TDs
Uhhhhh Boswell?
Wait wtf Chris?
BEN SHOOK THAT OFF
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
Let's go!
Not like this boys
If our team could step tf up I wouldn't mind just letting Ben rest for the next couple weeks until Thanksgiving tbh
Fuck did we ever need those points before the half
Give that man enough painkillers to kill a horse.
Great route by Washington.
"Fuck, why boz"
FUCK SAKE BOS
"If you told me before the game that it would be 13-6 Cowboys at the half, my exact response would’ve been: “Makes sense”"
"Vintage Ben backyard football there. Hopefully this is just his usual playing up of an injury, and he comes back slinging dick after the half."
See what happens when stop running every play.
Did they wake up walking boot ben?
He looks like he’s hobbling still
You guys remember the raiders game when box missed a couple bad Ben was hurt and the X-ray machine was all fucked up?
What the fuck boz
Be easy on him folks. Boswell wanting to fuck off today like everybody else.
He probably just needs to take a shit
Yeah sure miss the XP why not
Who is our backup QB? Still Mason?
Well this game is going exactly as I expected it.
Is this gonna be like the 2015 Playoff game when Big Ben comes back to lead one final drive?
Anyone remember when Ben tore the meniscus in that leg and couldn’t plant/throw on it? That’s my worry
"Well, time for Bitchner to start calling the kindergarten version of the playbook cuz he can’t think Rudolph is good enough"
This scoreline makes me anxious with my name.
"This is like the Denver game. Back up comes in and tears it up, but we manage to pull it together. In the 4th quarter when were about to win half of you motherfuckers are gonna be all ""man, didn't have a doubt!"""
New drinking game: take a shot every time Romo says outstanding
Come on Ben we need ya!!!
can we please get a turnover...
"Gotta love those obvious Pass interference calls just flying right by all the refs, 3 or 4 plays with some very bad PI"
Why are Dupree and Bince out there playing coverage when neither of them are any good at it
DEFENSE FINNALLY
Come back out Ben! We need you!
"Minkah, just go fucking forward man, you lost about 15 yards trying to get more yards being fancy."
God Bless this defense
Glad to have the ball back but the Steelers D should not be celebrating
Right into Minkah's arms!
Wake the fuck up defense.  You have no more chances.  Offense isn’t going to pull its weight.
Just saying.  I called the turnover and now Mason 1 minute offense.
Lmao Rudolph oh no
WTF was Minkah doing on that return? he had 6 blockers in front of him.
FUUUUCCCKKKK
Fuuuuuuck. Not only is Mason going in but we're back to Fichtner calling plays.
Someone go tell Ben!
Mason Fucking Rudolph
Ffs rudolph time
I don’t want to see this fuck out here lmao
MINKAHSZN
Mason has had his helmet on for 9 weeks waiting for this. He hasn't showered. He hasn't shaved he hasn't brushed his teeth
FUMBLED IT RIGHT TO HIM
Where the fuck is Dobbs
Get Ben back out of the locker room.
RUDOLPH VINDICATION TIME
Fuck Rudolph
MASOOON TIMEEEE TDD
Never forget when that thug Garrett tried killing Rudolph
"Great, now Randy’s calling plays again."
Rudolph picking up right where he left off with the 2 YPA.
Idk if I want Boz kicking after that Xtra point lol
Good tracking by JuJu
Ju ju lets go
Wasting as much time for Ben to come back in
Rudolph? more like BOODOLPH!!! THIS GUY FUCKING BLOWS!
See ya next year if it’s Mason for the rest of the season
"I’ve got very little confidence in Mason, man"
"Just kick it, you can’t trust Mason to both throw deep AND get the pass out in under two seconds."
Bring back Jalen Samuels check offs
Come on Boz
Earl Thomas permanently concussed Mason
BOSWELL WTF
"Damn, tbf that was a really long kick"
"""Huge little mental mistakes"" - Romo"
BOZ U BASTARD
Wtf boz.
"Bos, come on man. We gonna need you now."
BOZ if u hit this I fucking forgive you
Gonna ice our own kicker I see
Practice kick lol
Channel Justin tucker energy
59 yards? IN BOZ I TRUST
Thank ducking Christ he made it
AYYYYY
BOSGODBABYYYYYY
Don't give him a 2nd chance
Bosgreat
What did I just watch
OMG!!!! Boz God baby!
"Well guys. I'm buying a Boswell Jersey. r/kneedeep

Edit: I just messaged mods to gain control of their dead sub."
Hot damn Boz with the BDE
Give BOZ our energy like a spirit bomb
Good from 63... called the distance
Bozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Cam Heyward is a crafty motherfucker
"Attaway, Boz."
LMAO BOSWELL WHAT A GOD
Did Boswell tell someone to F-off when he was walking back onto the field?  Like someone from our own sidelines?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|11:28 3rd|LV|21|@|17|LAC|
|Halftime|PIT|9|@|13|DAL|
|00:46 2nd|MIA|21|@|17|ARI|
|Sun 11/08 08:20 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|TB|
|Mon 11/09 08:15 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|NYJ|
|Final|NYG|23|@|20|WAS|
|Final|CHI|17|@|24|TEN|
|Final|DET|20|@|34|MIN|
|Final|CAR|31|@|33|KC|
|Final|HOU|27|@|25|JAX|
|Final|BAL|24|@|10|IND|
|Final|SEA|34|@|44|BUF|
|Final|DEN|27|@|34|ATL|
|Final|GB|34|@|17|SF|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Hell yeah
Boziness is good
"Fuck it, let’s goooo!"
I’ll take it
"Sometimes it's great having my steam 45s behind, I see your comments and get the news in advance and then get to watch a pivotal play stress free."
Wish Dobbs was active. At least he’ll make some plays with his legs if Ben can’t come back
500 IQ play there
BOSGOD THANKS FOR THE FALSE START
Does Ben come back after this
The upvote party today should probably be for the golden leg of the legendary BosGOD.
"Boz right now: [Not today, old friend](https://tenor.com/view/noose-moe-szyslak-not-today-old-friend-the-simpsons-gif-15987627)"
What did Mason do through the entire offseason?
"Lord, I’m having heart issues. I fucking knew I shouldn’t of tried to break in the Bud Jersey this game"
If ben doesn't come back its a wrap
PRAISE BE
Seeing Mondeux fall on his fat fucking belly trying to sack Gilbert hurts. Please take him back to the PS
I thought we picked up Dobbs on our roster?
u/Lemieux4u I think I need you to throw out that prayer to the patron saint of second half adjustments again.
"Rudolph is soooo bad 

JFC"
Romo started throwing during halftime and should be warmed up and ready to roll for the second half
"So if Mason starts second half and gets hurt, who takes his spot?"
"Adam Crowley on SNR says Ben is ""expected to be back"""
Really hope he is actually okay and they didn’t just shoot his knee full of codine.
59 YARDS HOLY CRAP
THE MAN IS WALKING
Who’s going color for our game. Is it romo again?
I'm guessing it was just a bone bruise or hyperextension. When he first hurt it it didn't look too serious anyways. A torn ligament would leave him either on the ground or limping a lot worse than he was. Either way he looks a lot more comfortable now! Here we go Steelers here we go!
TIL Cedric Wilson's son is a Cowboy
To be fair it took that miracle of a punt return to even get 3 more points
My liver and heart can't take this!!! I'm a healthy adult and the Steelers and Big Ben are driving me to alcoholism and a heart attack!
Ok Minkah. Let’s do it again.
"We need a TD out do the defense.


Come on it's time for some SPILLAINING"
Cowboys have been blown out the last three games and here we are
"It’s still weird to me to see other players wearing other greats numbers. 92, 99, and to a lesser degree 26."
"Halftime, the best time for a poop."
I fucking love Ben. The day he retires will be a dark day for Pittsburgh. They really need to get a QB
That's right minkah
Good tackle fitz
Please. Get a stop here
"God, we make bad teams look like top 3 teams. After how many years, how has our front office not fixed this?"
can we stop dropping Dupree and Watt back in coverage
Defense just giving up a long drive so Ben has more time to recover
defense is gassed
"To all the people that were saying ""it's just the Cowboys, why are you scared lmao??"", here you go."
Anyone else worried about Chuks as a run blocker? He rarely if ever gets any real push on right side of line.
We are making the Cowboys look SO good
Imagine getting man handled by fucking Dallas. smh
So undisciplined
Totally playing like the number one team.
Jesus fucking Christ...
You’d think we were playing against Brady
Please get a stop. We are getting worked by arguably the worst offense in the league
thIs RuN dEfEnSe Is ElIte
If we don’t stop 3 and 13 bro...
Great tackle
3rd and 13 has been automatic in weeks past....
"Okay okay even more rest time for Ben, and held them. Let’s see this."
"Alright , let’s tie this shit up."
Our defense needs to play disciplined.
Keep ben clean. Let's get it out quick to our playmakers
can we get the run game going please?
"yikes, who whiffed on that tackle?"
Why is our O so impotent
Badly need to not have a short drive
Of course we start with three and out
At least Berry brought his big boy leg today.
Aaaaaaand we had a three and out
why did the Rams let Zuerlein leave? was it a money thing?
lucky that wasnt picked. damn.
Dallas wants to turn it over. Defense will adjust.
need a sack fumble here
Bring in Kdot at this point. He's a fucking baller and fresh
Need a turnover boys. Minkah it happen
D needs to sack or pick Gilbert to bring him back to Earth.
"Bro everyone and their mother knew they were gonna run it with Pollard there, stop the damn run!"
What the hell are we doing with our linebackers
This is not the same team since we lost bush
Damn... we still play Washington don't we?
The tackling is garbage today
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
CAN WE FUCKING TACKLE??????
We gon lose :(
What the fucking tackling
Are you serious?
We fucking suck
How the fuck did he miss that tackle
What’s missing here for the D? Is it that Devin Bush isn’t playing?
This is tough to watch
Come force turn over right here.
STEVEN NELSON BURNT TOAST
(˚ㄥ_˚)
"Doesn't matter if they get no gain, a yard, or a loss because the very next play the defense falls asleep."
"Lmao, right down the field. We’re well well on the way out of this one."
Anyone else remember when we were 7-2-1 and missed the playoffs? Hopefully doesn’t happen this season..
Zeke rubbed himself down in KY for that
Oh for fucks sake
"Hahahahahahha. Ok, I'm gonna go watch 90 Day Fiance"
Garrett Gilbert is Joe Montana confirmed.
getting diced up by an AAF QB
"This guy is playing how I imagined Mason would be.



Instead Mason plays like Mason"
why do we always suck at tackling
"I wanna get excited for these tackles for a loss but we keep giving up stupid shit like this for big gains. 

This is frustrating as fuck to watch."
We are getting outplayed and out coached
We really miss Alualu
We’re literally just giving them first downs
Completion after completion after completion. Dallas has had all of the time this half but 1:10
This just proves that the Dline cannot have bad games and our coordinators are shit
[deleted]
That was a good play. Here comes a big play for the cowboys.
4th string QB absolutely shredding our defense right now
3rd and long worries me most
"Mike Hilton, please come back soon."
dallas redeeming their coupon for one free game tonight
Wow this kid is picking us off. We look horrible.
The quintessential Pittsburgh TRAP game. Saw this coming as soon as the Baltimore game was over.
We make Gilbert look like Brady in his prime fucking christ
LOL THIS IS A JOKE
Oh. my. god
fuck it bruh let’s go home lmao
WHAT THE FUCK
Sutton.... fucking stick your nose in there
Yikes going to lose to the cowgirls.. thanks a lot Steelers now we have to hear all the cowgirl fans 😒
Defense has given up man.
Embarrassing
We look TERRIBLE
Just gotta laugh at this point
Ok Tomlin we get it. You still like to lose to sub 500 teams.
Fucking Oklahomas in practice this week
Soft ass secondary players and slow linebackers
This game and last week just show how much of an impact Alualu has.  Hope hea healthy soon.
The defense has made one good play all game. This is fucking brutal
Now or never.  Here we go baby!
We stink
I’m embarrassed
Why am I so excited to hold an AAF player to a FG drive?
"Hey, if we could, you know...score a TD here and then actually hold on defense that would be great."
Man I really wanted this team to be the first Steelers team to start 8-0.
"Why is it we are always in this position and come back for the W, or our opposition is in our position and almost comes back to beat us but we get a lucky stop. Idk why but I think we got this one in the bag. Just Steelers being Steelers."
Everyone here predicted this would happen.  I thought yinz was joking though.
I can’t believe it either Tony
"7-1.. Against a 2-6 team.

Seriously hope I look like an absolute idiot afterwards."
if we lose this game they wont let us hear the end of it.
Just throw to juju every play lol
"Juju puts his heart in every game

I feel so bad rn"
"Yup, here are the Steelers I know and learned to put up with. It was fun while it lasted!"
"Really hope we don’t run, run, pass, punt this drive."
"Honestly we've been subpart. We've only won our last two games due to luck, and this game is exposing us."
Can’t do that
Timing was just off
Ben is kinda sucking ass let's be real
Thank the lord for Juju
you know you fucked up when you get that Ben stare and clap
Juju stepping up.  Let’s get him going
FEED JUJU
Thank you Juju
Juju heating up
extend juju
Juju please save the day
Juju is becoming our Julian 3rd Down Edelman
Pay juju
How do they not have Juju targeted every play? He’s a play maker every single time his hands touch the ball.
"Yep, #Steelering"
Ab took the wifi router on the deep ball
Has ben finally figured these guys out?
This reminds me of that Buccs game in 2013
These refs are throwing flags on us and missing some cowgirls penalties
JUJU MY MAN!
Bout fucking time
Juju thank you
GOOD JUJU!!
Juju from here on out
Good juju
JUUUJUUU
PLEASE WINNNN
there we fuckin go
Juju looks like hines ward running people over
JUJU HAS BEEN KILLING THIS MAN ALL GAME.
JUJU rules
thank you juju!!!
FUCKIN A
JUJUUUUU
Lets fucking go!!
Was that a TO celebration?!?
JUUUUJUUUU!!
BOOM! FUCKIN LOVE THAT KID!
JUJU IS SKRONG
I leave to poop and we score a TD. Guess I'm staying here.
Loved seeing JuJu running back to Ben. It's nice to have a team where everybody gets along.
JUJU IS OFFICIALLY A WILEY VETERAN
Over to you D
Juju looking nice rn
"Let’s goooooo!!! Down by a field goal. Play defense and keep the ball moving on offense! Last quarter, this is when we need you the most!"
Seriously
juju n ben vs the world. I love it.
Ridiculous
Well fudge
🤣🤣🤣
Jesus christ are you fucking kidding me
WHAT ARE YINZ DOIN
"But JuJu isn’t a #1 receiver..... (yes, he is)"
LMFAOOOO THISNHAS GOTTA BE A JOKE
We just need a stop here.
God damn it both PATs now
that was huge
Fuck me we can't have anything good
Just when we get something going gotta do something stupid.
Literally what the fuck
I guess we're allergic to extra points
Lol should’ve just went for 2
Of course we have a TD when I go outside to smoke a cigarette. I would stay here if it wasn’t this cold
Fuck the Cowbitches
They almost blocked the 59 yarder too lol
This fucking game!!!!
It’s all about momentum - and just about every time we think we are gaining we fuck things up again and give momentum back to them. Feels like we are fighting an uphill battle this game.
Defense playing Styx in their heads rn
Lol so will this be the first time we get a 3 and out on the 4th string QB??
Can’t overstate how critical those 2 misses are.
Some joker on Dallas musta yelled Andy's comin.
"If I have to think about *any* bright side to this game... everything that could go wrong has gone wrong, and we're still only down by one score"
ST sucks today. 2 points plus that long kick-off return which costs us even more points. Pretty bad.
Saving our first 3 and out for the 4th quarter let’s go D
I think our defense got a good rest. Hope that blocked FG doesn’t disrupt our momentum
Should that not have been a penalty?
Embarrassing
Oh fuck me running dude
Our special teams are special
Special teams is a FUCKING JOKE
Son of a mother fucker
Just fucking shoot me
Oh fuck off
Hard to watch
Fuck me.
Oh boy
Bad special teams always haunts teams in the playoffs
Fuck this fucking team. Just boot it out of the end zone for fucks sake
This game is shit.
Just not their day
Pick comming up.  Haden pick 6 now
I turned off the game as a sacrifice to the undefeated gods. My my sacrifice not be in vain.
Two missed extra points means we have to got be looking at some Scorigami here?
Fire Danny smith
Of all things? Fucking special teams?!
and that's how you piss a game away
Once romo said the kick was perfect I knew...
Our special teams has been terrible today.
Fucking pathetic
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS GAME
Wide open cause Vince can’t cover yet no adjustment
"Bos if you're going to try to stop somebody, don't just sort of wave your arms at him."
Are y'all really about to lose to a backup qbs backup qbs backup?
Playing like a bunch of chucklefucks
"And a wide fucking open receiver to start the drive, just in line with what I expected"
I haven't seen special teams play this bad in years.  This is ridiculous.
Fuck this shit.
Need a turnover
Wellllppppp.... I give up. This game was not meant to be
That's the game.
Fire Danny smith into the fucking sun
"Fire Danny Smith, absolutely inexcusable play by special teams today."
Fire Danny Smith. Straight up fucking clown.
Good job on giving the team a rest day this week Tomlin I’m glad you prepared them. It’s showing.
Hahah this is fucking embarrassing
You kick it out of the end zone not pooch it.
We're playing soft af
I am miserable
"TJ, Minkah, Bud. Someone make a play idc who"
Shit defense again
Just embarrassing all around right now
Are people blowing whistles in the stands
"Lmao. 

Not trading for a COVERAGE ILB was such a stupid move."
i HATE zone defense
We shit the bed today we really fucking did
Does Keith know how to adjust
It’s those magic white uniforms
"Wow, just slicing through our defense today"
Damn this make shift o-line really dominating our defense
Our defense is playing like the 2019 version of our offense. God fucking damnit
Love it when guys just forget how to tackle.
Alright we can come back from this lets go defense! Stay positive
Tomlin shows no expression to fire these guys up
i wanted us to lose a game or two so i'm not upset....but watching this is just making me lose my vibe man
Flag for fucking what
Of course there’s a flag
Great pick but don’t bring it out
One score game? We can't get an extra point to save our lives today.
Wooo
Minkah making plays
#DEFENSEWINSCHAMPIONSHIPS
" 
Gonna be on the 4 yard line now...run run run"
Oh of course there's a penalty. Why wouldn't there be?
OK WHATEVER FUCK EDMUNDS WE GOOD
"It is time to come back, my dudes"
Let’s go Minkah! Should’ve stayed down but we needed a big play
FEED JUJU
Now make the int count boys!!
The fact we still have a chance to win shows how bad the Cowboys are
Have the Steelers gotten a sack today?
Anyone remember that stat by juju? 2 97 yard touchdowns
"Thanks Minkah for coming up huge, but you should have taken a knee when you had the chance"
Minkah definitely has a home here in Pittsburgh. Future Franchise player
Those missed Boswell XPs really looming right now.
Jesus come on now. Do you want to win?
Really no reason to hype that Bama LSU game this year. Going to be a blow out by Bama
There’s some breathing room
Body slam out of bounds is fine now??
Ben's in his zone
Go for the first on 3rd and see what happens?  I was waiting for a bomb.
"7 points and take lot of time off the clock, please!!!"
nice chokeslam oit of bounds there. damn. called less than that a penalty last week.
TD on the way!
Find Juju
I was convinced they were gonna get a safety the way this game has been going
"Kind of interesting how Dallas wasn't flagged for a late hit out-of-bounds there, while Pittsburgh was last week with Lamar. (In my opinion neither should have been flagged)"
Holy shit DJ caught it!
These formations come from Canada
Hobbled Ben > Healthy Ben ?
Fichtner: I’ll fucking do it again
"Conservative but efficient, good plays here."
Is that like 3 or 4 straight throws to the left? Lol it’s working
99 yard drive? Ben’s idol is Elway. That’s music to his ears
My asshole is so clenched I could cut diamonds with my sphincter
I like this 4 WR set with Ben saying fuck it to the run game.
That was a forward pass
The monkey's paw curls
Fuck me
"Sure.  Why not?

Edit - I'll accept that."
Refs saving ass
That was a gift
Make em pay!
I don't understand this obsession with running empty sets and telegraphing the fact that it's a pass play every down when we're needing a score
"Of fucking course

Edit: saved by the flag"
The refs finally make a good call
Yo I used to like LVE what a little fucker
I don’t like needing red ball but I won’t complain
We gotta get lucky vs a 2-6 team lmao
Claypool does not take shit from anyone
Tree needs to bring back weekly videos on this team
“I was just lookin at you and you were just looking at me.”
Dont even get why he got hot headed... made a solid stand up tackle there.
"Way more fighting going on in this game than I expected. I know we're technically ""rivals"" but our rivalry hasn't really been very relevant in awhile."
"McFarland did kinda start that, but LVE can’t be throwing punches there and costing his team."
Well everything is going our way this drive we gotta score now
Beers on him if we win
Half this drive is Dallas penalties lmao
That’s not a punch come on guys this is football
That was... fortunate
I'm cool with the cowboys winning it for us
Thank God the Cowboys decided to shoot themselves in the foot
"McFarland got his hand in his face only because he was literally humping him, dude gets triggered and throws a punch. What a cunt."
"I like Romo and I understand his bias, but he really has to tone it down a bit lol."
They need to do something here. Went all this way and now they're struggling.
"3rd and 8, run time?"
C'mon Boz please
That feels like a cleveland coaching decision
Not having that PAT hurts
Pls Boz
"Boswell's favorite number is 21


5D chess bitches"
Does the D have gas left in the tank?
"Show 'em who you are, defense."
 Canaday got beat again. Is he hurt? He’s usually solid
Those extra points.... We have to pull through on this!
We’re only down a run or a goal or something.
PRAISE BE
Come on defense get the ball back please
bosgod is infallible and I'm pretty sure Crawford is actually aaron donald in a cowboys jersey
"all i ask is that our defense looks like our defense for this one fucking drive, abysmal today otherwise"
I don't wanna see this Special Teams unit on the field again. KICK THE BALL OUT
We’re missing bush in the middle of our defense they are picking on Spillane today. Avery Williamson was a big addition
Crawford is getting through that middle on the snap every fucking time...thank god we got 3pts. Defense time.
Guess I’m blacking out before 8pm tonight
with the way special teams has gone this game I’m not confident in a field goal for the win
Please kick the ball out of the end zone.
Finally they kick it out.
We'd have the lead with those two XPs... Ugh.
Can't make a stop
Can they just get one damn stop?
Of course we don’t stop it
I’d be curious to see a study of which sports fan bases have the worst heart problems. Pittsburgh has to be up there given our expectations year in and year out.
[deleted]
No one's gonna talk about it but lots of credit to the cowboys OL
This has to be the stop now
We can’t keep being gashed up the middle
Welcome to the game Henry
Blue wall means push Zeke with a big man
He Mon-did it
Good. Thank Christ he overthrew it
Give. It. Back. To. Us!
LETS GOOOO ITS FOURTH DOWNNNN
Thank fuck for that overthrow
MONDOOOOOOO
Gilbert dude finally looked like a cast off reject bum
Mon-did
He finally did something.
Good hands ray ray
Like what the fuck happened this week
Lucky. Lucky miss. Cowboys should just go for it. Chances are in their favor.
Lets go Offense!!!
Everyone make sure to call your health insurance provider to let them know to have an ambulance on standby for the inevitable heart attack that is about to ensue.
Let's fucking go offense. Protect the ball and move it down.
"Eat up the clock, score here and we win"
Deep breaths everyone. We don’t need more heart failure
99 needs a black visor.
"Absolutely have to go down the field and waste most, if not all, of the clock. Whether a FG or TD (preferred obviously), we cannot leave time on the clock."
Now go get the td to put us at 25 points and keep the streak alive
Can someone explain this to me. Isn’t pushing off lineman to boost yourself over the line illegal? Like didn’t they change that because of Troy?
"Come on, you bastards, SCORE."
CLAYPOOL CATCH THE BALL PLEASE
CATCH THE BALL MAN
How many drops is this???
ben throwing too low atm
"I like Claypool, but dude sometimes just can’t catch shit even if it hits his hands"
ANOTHER drop by Claypool
Ooo he’s gotta catch that
Fucking Claypool man
Claypool really looking like a rookie today
Ugh. We're gonna lose because of a missed PAT
What a terrible play
Claypool has been bad today
We. Got. Bailed.
I have to believe they are just fishing for PI's right?
"Ben got one

he really got one"
Claypool has to make those catches. He's been off tonight
What terrible offensive play calls. Why the fuck are we going for it all?
Refs didn't call a PI so they gifted us that. Thanks.
"I can't wait till the ""refs won that game"" comments"
Dallas penalties are keeping us from loosing right now
I will take that cheap penalty
Make them pay!
"Best part about being a top team, is getting the top team calls from the refs. Thanks NFL"
"I hate that call, but I’ll take it"
The fix is in
I'll take it but what a bad 3rd and 10 execution
Run it and kill some clock
#A WIN IS A WIN
GETTING BAILED BY PENALTIESS BOOISS
[deleted]
That’s one of the luckiest things I’ve ever see happen in a game like this
Diontae!!
Stay in bounds!!!
DIONTAE YOU SHIFTY FUCK YURRRRR
WAY TO GO DOWN INSTEAD OF RISKING A FUMBLE!!!!
losing to one of the worst teams in the league.........beating them and having boys fans complain about the refs.....it's a hard decision.
STOP GETTING OUT OF BOUNDS FUCKERS
Run. The. Ball.
Can I get a touchdown!!! amen!!!!
"Well. 

Fuck this game. 

But its nice to be close to taking the win here"
WHY did you run outta bounds!?!
"Theory: the Steelers play down to competition so often because Ben plays best under pressure when he feels rushed.  When he does, he's a HOF QB.  When he doesn't feel rushed, he's a mediocre QB.  So, weak teams stick with us, and sometimes pull it out."
TD BABY
Have we just abandoned the run game?
"&#x200B;

Touchdown!!!"
Claypool in bounds please
LETS FUCKING GO BABY NEVER COUNT US OUT
GET HURDLED YOU DUMB BITCH!!!!!!!!!!
"Ok Ebron, that was sexy"
"Now

The question is


Does Gilbert have the gusto here?"
MVP BEN
"Now, can the D hold?"
Claypool needs to catch holy shit
OOOOOOOUUUUU
Go for 2?
I wish we would’ve taken more time off the clock.
Awesome job scoring but way too much time left
LETS GO D
"I’ll take it, but that’s a lot of time left. Defense please."
Can we not all out blitz?
Ebrontosaurus
"Claypool you're 6'4"" and like 220+ how are you getting bullied like that on the goal line bud"
"Defense usually unfucks themselves on these putaway stands. 


Usually."
A stop and they’re gone. Come on!
This is looking like that game against the terrible Raiders about a decade ago when we let Bruce Gradkowski drive the field.
HOME RUN. KICK THIS BALL OUT
all signs point to game winning drive by bum fuck gomer pile huh.....
Should have went down instead of scoring. Please defense pleaseeeee
Please don't let zeke run straight up the middle
Cmon Defense please stop them
Let's go defense
Come on boys
Nelson with a second missed tackle that I noticed
"Hey Google, play Renegade on 100%. 😬"
Our special teams have been playing a little special today.
No one expected Gilbert
Come on Watt strip sack
D D D
anyone gonna buy some of this stuff advertised?  I might buy McDonald's and that's it.
The Steelers have given up less than 20 points despite the offense being mediocre for most of the game.  That's a decent performance.
SUTTON UGHHHHHH
I’m gonna be on blood thinners after this
SO CLOSE AH
You gotta pick that
Alualu must make a huge difference.
Show me the steel curtain
LETS GO DEFENSE
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
Okay d.  I promised my first born on the last drive but you can have my second born this time.
ITSSS THIRRRDDDDDD DOWNNNNNN
Bobby Spills solid in man coverage on a quick receiving tight end in a big moment hell yeah
Let go D! Keep it up.
Not in the grasp there?
Just hold them off for 2 more downs and we’re good maybe
Wow. I’m amazed he got that out before going down.
ALRIGHT YALL I THINK ITS RENEGADE TIME - FIRE UP THOSE SPEAKERS
"Haden saved that play, wow. Didn’t expect that pass to go through at all..."
One more!!
Please Sutton
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
HADEN YOU ANIMAL
"Not ruled down on the sack? O_o

How was that not whistled"
"Watt finally gets home and can't finish

well he just finished it there"
like 3 holds on steelers there. obvs.
Holy fuck!!!!
Haden you have been redeemed
Omg
OMG TY GOD
Yeah boys! WOOOOOOOOO
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh get fuckkkkeddd
HUUUUUGE WHEN THE GAME MATTERS
THAT’S OUR F-ING DEFENSE RIGHT THERE!!
waiting 58 min to do that
Cam Heyward. Stud muffin
#SACKED HIS ASS OHHHHHHHHH YEAH!!!
Yessssssss
8-0 YOU STUPID BITCHES!!!!!!
That was a filthy bull rush by Cam lmao. Grown man strength
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
8-0!!!!!!!
that's a pretty late renegade they played there
CAM AND TJ
Remember that people whined about this D all game
LETS GO YALL WE DID IT!!!!
BEND DON'T BREAK
Same time next week guys?
Major props to Garrett. Felt like we were playing Tom Brady for some of that game haha
CAM FUCKING HEYWARD
Hayward playing in a youth league
what is this madness? How dare we show up in the 4th and win it. Did no one tell them they reversed the script?
why does team have to play with my heart!?!?
You absolutely love to see it
Where's the dude with the doritos?  I think you saved this game.
Let's get a FG to preserve the 25+ points streak
Heyward is a beast that last sack was amazing.
"Our hearts did not deserve this punishment. I'll take it though, but heads need to roll here. There is no reason this should have been as close as it was. Our offense has some issues it has to sort out, but I am confident we can get that sorted before next game. Let's go baby."
Game aint even over
I cant believe we pulled this stupid game out of our ass
I accept T.J. as my daddy.
"We’re lucky we have star power. One or two players play every week. The rest relax. If they all would step up, we’d be unstoppable."
What. The. Fuck.
Just try the FG jesus hell
[deleted]
Why not fg?
Why did they go for it?
I miss the days where we could've picked up short yardage with a strong run game.
are they trying to lose?
What was the fucking point of signing Derek Watt
No no no no no please
That needed to be a FG WTF
KICK THE GOD DAMN FIELD GOAL
Why the fuck did we not kick it
We don’t deserve this game...
WTF
Why in the hell do we never QB sneak...
why did they do that lol
This has been the worse run blocking game I've seen in years
Never go full retard
WHY DIDNT WE KICK
"Why don’t you just take the fucking 3 points, sure they can still get 8 but takes the TD and the 2 pt conversion... this team just trying to kill its fans hearts"
Why did they not kick a field goal
P U C K E R   T I M E   II
Questionable. If we end up losing this game
Fucking idiots. Watch Dallas win now because of that
.....but i thought we won the game already??
COME ON DEFENSE PLEASE HOLD EM AGAIN
That’s a catch I think
Field goal???
You don’t win games with that fucking shit. Even if we win. That’s the worst call I’ve seen in years.
Lol mike was literally just shaking hands on the sideline like it was over
your ST coach not being able to figure out why you can't get a kick up is an indictment on the coach...O-line and ST.
"the only reason not going for a fg makes sense is because Crawford is running through our line like they're not there. otherwise, retarded. lol"
WHY
This is insane. Why didn’t they kick a field goal and make it impossible for them to win even if they managed to March down the field?  I’m so confused.
Why not a fg? They'd need a td + 2 woth zero timeouts
Okay... 3rd born but I’m running out of future kids guys.
Steelers should have at least tried to pass for the first down.
If they lose because they didn't kick that field goal...
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Tomlin did that to try and stick it to a rival, or something like that."
I’m not sure why our run blocking is so bad but it’s really become a problem
Dear God dear God LETS GOOOOO DEFENSE
My this is amazing
I don't like this
"So why didn't the Steelers attempt the FG and instead go for it, am I missing something?"
BLATANT hold on TJ. That will never get called
fucking heart attack team.
Hey I haven't watched a lot of football but Im confused why Steelers were not able to take a knee to run out the clock under 2 minutes? Can someone please explain to me? I have seen teams do this before?
I feel sick
We didn’t need this late game drama
holy shit. headlock on TJ is totally allowed.
I don't feel comfortable
I can’t even sit lol
Lots of heart attacks happening
HOLDING
Can’t help thinking if Dak was playing we wouldn’t have been close here
We’re literally just letting them get wide open and letting them catch it
LETS GO DEFENSE
Just need a sack
LETS GO DEFENSE
I hate every second of this
Exact situation as last week
I can't breathe...I can't breathe..
LETS FUCKIN GO
Bud was almost there
Phew that was too close for comfort
Waaaaay to close.
Put Claypool in
THANK GOD
Hoooolyyyyy shit that was messy. But ill take it.
FUCK YES THANK YOU GOD
Sphincter relaxing...
GET THE FUCK IN
FITZPATRICK AGAIN
Never a doubt /s
Minka was worth 3 1st round picks!
I cant take this
Aaaaaaaand... unclench.
Your gonna get beat....but you don’t want it to be to the Cowboys
**Breathe a Sigh of relief.**
That was a terrible game.
8-0 baby!!!   Ugly but still great and Kings of the NFL (record wise).  Not sure if my heart can take 8 more games like this season.
"Holy shit, I need a drink. Or should I say more drinks!"
HISTORY IN THE MAKINGGGGG
"Two drives in 3-0

This sub: SEASON OVER WE FUCKING SUCK GG FIRE TOMLIN. 

Y’all are children."
I get that he used to play for them but could Romo make it anymore obvious that hes rooting for the cowboys. Getting mad annoying
"Can we complain now? I hope so because our team looks like hot dogshit right now, and it isnt getting better."
STOP THE COUNT! STOP THE COUNT!
3rd and 4 so let’s throw a fucking bomb
I'm prepared for 3 straight losses with this performance.
hE tHrEw a pUnCh fUcKin ToSs hIm lol this wasn’t a big deal from either guy
2 missed XP are going to cost the game
Dumbest thing Tomlin has ever done
"I don't know if it's James Connor or the run blocking, but our rushing has been anemic lately and it really isn't helping at all."
"And thus begins a new streak of not getting a touchdown on the opening drive.

Should of had that Mapletron."
That just went right through his hands.
Claypool has to be kicking himself after that drop
This guy be like Tom fucking Brady out there
What. The. Fuck.
Trap game time baby
Everyone getting panicky either didn’t watch last year’s offense or are likely new fans
"Playing down to shitty teams.

This is the way."
I am wholly unconcerned at this point.
R/Steelers be like: Tomlin is on the hot seat right now
"I can hardly come in these threads anymore with how reactionary everyone is, it is so much more stressful. Games last hours dudes chill out"
Ok tomlin i see you!! Play conservative right out the gate on a practice squad. BOLD
Play to lose. Classic fucking steelers
Difference between us and the Chiefs imo 🤷🏽‍♂️
All day I’ve envisioned Admiral Akbar screaming “It’s a trap!”  I’m not being negative. We’re still an amazing team and no one needs to be fired. But I really wanted to come in swinging and punch them in the mouth.
Looks like Ben told Randy to sit down with his coloring book and took control of the offense
You know how they've stuffed every single draw we've tried so far? Let's run more draws.
Yeah let’s go in the gun with our weakest back on 3rd and short.
Connor is hurt?!? Sucks it had to happen to the most durable back in the league
Sometimes I just feel bad for our defense. Offense just trots out there only to do nothing and expects the defense to just bail us out.
I live in Spain but the S is silent
God our secondary is absolute trash. This is absurd to watch.
"Jets fan here, does Ben not look juju’s way at all anymore?? I’ve seen like 3-4 times he’s wide open and Ben doesn’t even seem to looking for him. Just curious because I think he’s still great. Thanks dudes and fuck the browns!"
Bruh why the fuck is Watt covering Lamb?
Fichtner and Butler make me want to gouge my fucking eyes out
I hate our coordinators. We win in spite of them.
I’m late to the party. What the fuck is going on? Why is TJ playing coverage downfield instead of murdering this 3rd string idiot
The Steelers and playing like hot garbage on the road against the worst teams. Name a more iconic duo.
I have never been less surprised by a bad start in my life. There has never been a more obvious trap game in recent memory.
At least there's no heart attack if its a blowout? Silver linings.
This game will hinge on the fact that they didn’t get 7 on that drive.
"Thank god he fucked that up because otherwise he would have had the first.

What the fuck is going on today?"
I just love how quickly everyone in here is turning on Tomlin. Y’all sound stupid af.
"$15 says next possession plays out as Run, Run, Pass, Kick."
"Know who's not surprised, Jim? Steelers fans who have read this book before."
"You give Mason or Duck a competent OC those two look like QBs last year.  

Arians saved the 2010 season when Ben missed those 4 games by letting Charlie Batch and Dennis Dixon make plays.

Todd Haley put Landry Jones in a position to succeed against New England in 2016.

I don’t think Fitchner excels in the essential death sentences those two were given on paper those games."
Injured Ben best Ben
Please bring out knee brace Ben. Knee brace Ben has 10 Super Bowls.
Rudolph blows. I told you guys he shouldn't be on this team. Fucking dent brain.
If Big Ben doesn't come back at the half we are donesky.
Still think Dobbs and Duck are better than Mason
"So let me get this straight. Fichtner has us throw check down passes all game. 

We have a backup QB who’s ass and we’re at a 54 yard field goal range and we throw no check downs"
"They had nearly a minute, and this is what they got? God damn it"
Said a prayer for boz and it paid off. 🙏
If ben is hurt we are FUCKED
Were going 9-7 with Rudolph
"We're 7-0 and Ben finally got his first tweak of the year. It's over for everyone now, limpy Ben = asshole destroyer."
I hate that a majority of our games are heart attack games when they shouldn't be.
Defense has gotta make a stop and get the ball back to the offense.
Why was Dupree on cooper?
activate: hurt ben
I’m oddly at peace. 7 hurt his knee. He’s about to go super saiyan
3 and out. Good stuff
Can we get ben to draw up his own plays again?
"This offense is a joke today. Just wow.

Its either 🔥 or 🥶 and we cold today"
Classic trap game. Smh
The ravens exposed our run defense
There’s that elite rush defense
"Ok, that's enough getting kicked in the teeth. Wake up & fight back!"
Hey lots of time still to play.
Weak flag there
This is so on brand for the Steelers. I can always expect the Steelers and WVU to disappoint me in games they should easily win.
Fucking hilarious
Why the fuck wouldn’t u take the penalty on the try ?!?!?
We look terrible.
Our defense is absolute flaming dog shit
WE’RE LOSING TO A 5TH STRING QB
"On the bright side, in terms of tiebreakers for playoff seedings, it's best to lose to an NFC team."
Stupid energy bringing that out of the end zone.
Would’ve been nice to kneel it down but whatever I guess.
I hope the two extra-point attempts don't come back to bite us.
HE REALLY JUST PUNCHED A ROOKIE
"that fucker just punched our man, throw that BUM OFF THE FIELD"
This is the year of tipped balls for Ben.
Take a broom and jam it sideways up my fucking ass
Imagine if you just tied the game 3-3 instead of going for a pointless 4th attempt
Why does this team gotta pull this shit so much? They've had one blowout and most of the rest have been close. The defense also hasn't shown me anything to say they'll be able to stop Dallas. Fucking aye.
Defense cannot get to this guy. Have we actually sacked him yet?
Goddamn Zeke is ugly as fuck
That's a fucking bullshit rule but I'll take it I guess
It's an NFL rule. You can't hit the QB in the helmet.
They left too much time on the clock though
OUR DEFENSE FINALLY DID SOMETHING
10000000000% coaching fuck up. What an atrocity
I swear Tomlin is a fucking moron. Kick the field goal.
What a garbage coaching decision. 5/11 on third down and you think that’ll work.
Sometimes you gotta take an L to get knocked off your high horse
Tomlin is an idiot. Why not kick the field goal??!!
"Okay I’ve been thinking about this more, I actually get not kicking the field goal, but since they’re expecting run on 4th and 1, why not try your luck at passing? Clock stops either way but damn I just feel queasy"
Again if you were one of those people saying fuck this team...you know where the door is. Feel free to close it behind you
Got to love watching the steelers cause they make ever game exciting. They could be playing again a middle school team and it will be a 1 touchdown game.
"So we drop this game.


Takes all the pressure off of being undefeated


Continue to win super bowl as scheduled


It's called strategery. Look it up"
Next week we will lose to the St.Vincent middle school practice squad.
This is turning into a game that’s going to come to haunt us come seeding time.
lucky. I’m sure we’ll win in the 2nd half but this is pathetic. one half a game where we play terrible
Too bad our 3rd (4th?) string qb wasn’t that good last year
"Sorry, guys. I went to get ice cream and missed the first hour of the game. I’m back now so we’ll get back into it. 😂"
Dude why does TJ still jump when a QB tries to throw it. Fucking HIT HIM
Looks like no second half adjustments for our defense
"“On that gimpy knee, when we return.”"
"I bet on you guys for the first time ever and this is what happens, I think I did this to you"
If Dak was healthy the Cowboys would have already blown this game wide open.
We still going to win
Ebron makes mistakes at the WORST fucking time
Of course Boswell makes his career long by 6 yards while also going 0/2 on extra points. Makes perfect sense
"7-1

Would take that at the start of the season though"
The Steelers offense has been dependent on getting PI calls for huge chunks and making the DB's back off. The cowboys have done a great job of either covering cleanly or just not getting called.
If you don't like this game you don't like Steeler football
"Ben's deep ball is super inaccurate, change my mind"
[deleted]
Holy shit we are a TERRIBLE 7-0 team. This is so fucking bad. Our staff is unable to make any significant changes to our gameplan when we need to. Fuck this.
Calling it right now... We're still gonna win this game and all you fairweather fans can go fuck yourselves
"Can Ravens fans quit bitching about the refs now, since they got handed a W by them this week?"
rivers is honestly so useless
Claypool has to get that
Can we please pick up a punter in the free agency? 34 yards to the 15? He’s awful
Wow was not expecting that keep
And none of this is even the least bit surprising
Why tf does the defense look so confused? Crazy how we can look so sloppy agaisnt inferior opponents
[deleted]
Literally playing like we have the lead with how conservative this is. Pathetic is a word that comes to mind.
yep don't even attempt to get a first down
Ok. Fire Fitchner and let Ben draw up plays in the dirt
Someone should tell the Steelers that losing games like this is why they never get the first seed.
Ben needs to do what he did last game and punt Fichtner’s shitty game plan to the curb and start calling his own shots.
When was the last time we had a fat head coach?
This team absolutely needs Todd Haley at the helm
"Steelers have a history of wearing down teams.


People come out psyched to play us.


They'll tire out."
How predictable was this game lol
"Hey so I don't actually give a shit if Roethlisberger loves being in shotgun, on third and a yard he needs to be under center."
everyone fuckin relax
Steeler nation on suicide watch
Trap gaaaaaaame
Whenever 99 is in bad things happen
Tomlin pull out the backups put in starters and open the playbook. We need to put these fuckers down. Holy shit
"WAKE. THE. FUCK. UP. IT'S THE 2-6 COWBOYS.  

This team is such a fucking embarrassment."
Getting out coached by McCarthy right now. Not a great look.
2020 is finally reversing. We're returning to normalcy again.
"I think Mike Tomlin needs to be fired

/s"
Playing down to competition as always.
Someone wake Ben up. He's missing the game.
"""we don't play down to our competition"""
"fichtners gone rogue, guys hes gonna run em inside until the cowboys quit lmao"
Yeah we're losing
KILL ME
"If we lose to these fucking bums then Bitchner needs to be on the hot seat. We play phenomenal against good teams but we run non stop, which doesnt work, against one of the shittiest in the NFL? FUCK off fitchner"
"I ask you now, can we panic yet?"
"""You guys wanna score before the half or nah?"" Ben probably."
"Ben is throwing this game so far, looks bad."
I like how ppl defend Randy fat fuck.
That one handed nonsense was STUPID Washington
"Where's the guy who said ""how long till Ben fakes an injury"" ?"
Why don’t steelers just run shotgun spread and let a Ben do this all game.
How does Boswell miss an extra point indoors
Missed PAT and Ben in the locker room. Could anything else go wrong before the half?
Rudolph hasn't missed a step with the 1 yard passes.
Honestly don’t understand why Dobbs isn’t second string
Boswideleft
Did we ice our own kicker?
#FUCK YOU HATERS
it annoys me that my hulu feed is 30-45 aeconds slower than reddit. so no drama in this 59 yarder.
"That was the luckiest shit ever, but I'll take it"
we are fortunate to only be down 4pts. if ben wasnt coming back id be seriously worried.
"Captain Fat Fuck, leader among men being tough as nails"
Can Haden defend a pass
Things are not ideal at present. There are still two quarters.
come on td drive here
Much respect to big Al and all our troops
Just get a first down for once holy shit
we fucking suck
tf can we please stop a 3rd and long. fuckin trap games.
How is this offense murking us in time of possession?
Why not go for it when they have been stomping all over us.. I’ll take it ig
I hate games where we travel west. Especially if it’s the damn Raiders
"Yes, Tony. I can believe this is the game we're going to lose."
Ben is ass today
Out of bounds should have stopped the clock.
I wish brown was still here to complain about not enough targets
Juju is still the best receiver on this team and (hot take) it isn’t even close
Shoulda gone for 2
"Boswell, 0/2 on extra points, 1 missed field goal...

1 60-yard field goal.  

wtf."
"IMO

Its obvious this team came in thinking this week was going to be a cake walk; from the dropped passed, to missed blocks, to the passionless defense thus far. No one (including myself) thought this would even be a competition. I hate the ""playing down to teams moniker"", but...damn if it aint true."
Worst undefeated team in history
Steelers look 0-7 not 7-0. My stomach is in knots watching this team right now. Holy fuck
This front 7 is an embarrassment
DEFENSE HAS BEEN ASS SINCE THE 2ND HALF AGAINST TENNESSEE
"I don’t understand why DBs do that, just take the touchback. You aren’t Ed Reed"
"Int is great, but you really really gotta go down in the end zone there"
I just yelled “no Pittsburgh” at Colin. Come on dude
That's 3 flubs for Nantz. Dude needs to get it together.
"Trailing a 2-7 team by one score in the 4th and the defense makes a momentum-swinging interception on the goal line to give us a chance. 

If you don't like that, then you don't like Steelers Football."
What's gonna be close?  Lol he threw a punch
Vander is a bitch
Yeah the only reason he isn't getting tossed is because it was open handed
Lol our offense is so bad
If only Claypool caught that TD in the beginning of the game. This game would be so different
"Will the defense be shredded like cheese this drive? Probably, but I have hope."
Can't even beat the 2-6 Cowboys.
Their backup oline is out-physicaling our guys
D line has been bad since alula (I can’t spell his name) got hurt
Holy shit. Mongo made a play
Come on Ben. Can't let this asshole team beat him a third straight time and likely the last time he'll play em.
So we’ve got to find a way to score while draining the clock. Hire me Steelers; I have it all figured out
We’ve gotten bailed out on two shitty calls. Wow we’re not normally this lucky
When the refs bail out Brady 😡. When the refs bail out Big Ben 🥳.
Claypool is making countless mistakes today
Just keep them out of the end zone no chunk plays
Ebron is the next heeeeeeath miller!
Tony Romo is deflated.
"Ben is praying, I’m praying we’re all praying"
I have a bad feeling that they go right down our throats.
Maybe we didn't kick the FG because bosgod has been a bit shakey
We choking hard than that defender choking Watt
Boswell you stupid bitch
"Permission to be a Steeler fan for the day? I'm trying to hook up with a Steeler's fan and she is die-hard. I was given specific instructions not to show up until after the game but she kept messaging me irate messages about the way the game was going so now we're watching the game ""together"" and discussing damn near every play and why everyone did something."
Patrick Mahomes is going to eat up this buttercream defense in the playoffs.
[deleted]
The 7-0 Steelers are going to lose to the 4th string led Cowboys. Absolute laughing stock in r/nfl and we deserve it
now these are the steelers i know
Seems the consensus is the same. Anyone want to start a change.org petition to fire Fichtner?
[deleted]
"We’re 7-0 after beating two really good teams in back to back weeks. We have a slow start and everyone wants to burn everything down lol. You fucks make me sick. 

Y’all do realized the Bucs barely beat the Giants, right? Shit happens. It’s the NFL. We’ll be alright. We’ll make adjustments and win this game. Relaaxxxxxxxx."
"I don’t get why people are blaming Tomlin. Ben’s accuracy has been shit. 

Blame Ben"
We are so fucked if Ben goes down he is the only reason our offense can do anything
Damn didn't realize Boswell's knee was injured too
"Omg I’m not even a Steelers fans and I hate these refs. You ain’t gotta throw a flag for every play, just let them fucking play"
"To all the Rudolph haters, please relax. Yes, he looks unpolished but it took 20 minutes to get Ben warmed up."
Lol were down 7 to a 2-6 team
"3rd and 4, better try to bomb it 40 yards."
I'm about to shut this off. They fucking suck and if they can't beat the 2-6 Cowboys then they don't deserve the playoffs.
Our defense sucks again
"19 points on this ""BEST DEFENSE IN THE NFL"" fucking pathetic group of players"
Should have went for 2
Yall fucking suck lol. Cheer up
Really Vander Esch? Punch him while he's on the ground?? Fuck you.
We're gonna lose by either 1 or 2
[deleted]
I don't disagree with not kicking it. I hate the play call. Pass it or sneak it
Panthers and Chiefs is only a two point game
would be a classic trap game but they're on their 4th fuckin string qb. have to think our boys can pull the dub even on the 3rd straight away game
"Let's do this Steelers!! Its going to be a good game. For anyone out there looking for a live match stream, without need to register, check out this link [https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/](https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/) and enjoy! :D"
"we go up 42-14 in the third Ben rests 4th. D rests a couple guys. Oh shit cowboys score 3rd td of the half with 2 mins left, get an onsides kick. Cowboys drive down to 4yrd line, TJ steps up gets 5th sack of the day steelers win."
Well this is gonna be spicy.
"Currently my local cbs station is down, just my luck :("
honestly guys i know we are all thinking it might be close but im feeling a 40 pt win
We got Romo again? Nice.
"&#x200B;

Tracy Wolfson has *wayyyyy* too much makeup on"
"I know everybody is saying this is an easy win, but we've seen how these kinds of games have gone as Steelers fans. Let's hope we leave Dallas with a win & a healthy team"
Romo is still sucking Raven ass from last week
Let's go boys
Looks like a Steeler home crowd
Let me guess 3 straight conner runs
Sitting down for a very relaxing game I'm sure.
Let’s gooooo
THE LUMBERING BEAST!
"Damn it, I've been watching at my parents house who have actual cable the last few weeks and now I'm watching on the CBS app and I forgot it's a full minute behind the rest of you jagoffs"
Lamar who?
Big Ben the mobile quarterback keeps on truckin'.
"BEN!!

Hopefully he outrushes Elliot"
"Conner should be able to go over 100 yards in this game. Run or pass, pick your poison today."
Love me some Steelers' third down conversions.
Messy
"Hell of a shot but fucking damn near picked. 

My heart was not ready for that."
Picture quality on Gamepass is so bad today for sone reason
damn it
PI
"That’s was a hold but it’s cool, don’t call it."
I guess the only silver lining is that the Claypool drop equals out the Cowboys INT drop
"No need to tackle Gilbert, he can do that himself."
TJ with the opposite assignment today.
LET'S GO D!!!
"Hulu TV is such a whopping piece of shit. If you’re looking for a cable alternative, please just pay the extra cash and go with YouTubeTV"
TJ Watt is gonna kill someone today.
Tomlin has seen enough
There’s nothing else to talk about but Gilbert?
Defense picking up where it left off last week
What happened to Pine Richland Yuppie Dinnuci?
Wtf defense?
defense needs to put in more effort. this is lazy and they can do better
We are Steelering
Well then. Dallas moving the ball with ease early.
Wow. This is gonna be a long night.
Ok. Let’s hold for a FG and hopefully that’s a wake up call.
We're gonna be fine. Dallas is having their best drive of the game.
"This is where teams realize inside the redzone there's not so much space with this D.


Holding them to a FG"
Sacked
Took long enough
Yessirrrrr
Bend. Don't. Break.
Bend don't break?
"Rack em up, sack em up."
Ok the defense did their job. Now it's your turn offense.
Getting stopped by the Cowboys D. Very fascinating
Our playcalling is sooooooooooo inconsistent
Nice run play. What a surprise.
RUN RUN PASS!
Not a fan of the play calling on that drive at all
Love watching this. Absolutely fucking love it lol
Fantastic offense so far boys! Good thing you're playing the cowgirls.
Offense looks great against this stellar Dallas defense
Defense is gonna have to do all the scoring
Why am I wasting my time watching this
"alright boys let em have it!

you can have it :)"
Too early to boo....right?
Guess we have to wait for the 2nd half to see Steelers offense
This offense needs to shape the fuck up. This play calling is fucking abysmal.
Imagine relying on ur defense to beat the cowboys
Let’s go Berry!
....so time to go no-huddle?
We're off to a bad start
Berry has been eating his Wheaties
Smells like Randy Sphincters doing...
Good punt let’s get the ball back
What's up with this play calling?  Let Ben cook!
Rabdy is a fat fucking moron.
Offense can not afford to start off slow almost every damn game. Sooner or later it's going to bite us in the ass.
"This medical ad hitting a bit too close to home...

Literally me anytime the Steelers play..."
Lol oh man this fucking team
"Gilbert is 3/4, Ben is 1/4"
I’d sneak it. I hope they don’t though.
Alright time to score
Joe?
Why is Haden catching punts?
Joe hayden does punts?
Wait Joe Haden on punt return?
Mapletron!
I was confused but I guess they left the d on in case the offense ran a play
Ben at work
YES! Claypool!
"This is good, let Ben play"
Now we're cooking
McFarland snatching ankles lol
That is Haden's 3rd career punt return.  1st ever with us.
Is Conner injured?
The best #26 in team history ...
McFarland tried to get fancy there.
Wish he would have kept going instead of cutting back and forth. After the first cut he coulda gotten 2 more
What happened to Conner?
What happened with Connor? I thought he was healthy.
Fentanyl Fichtner
Where is Conner?
God damnit
Didn't get it
[deleted]
Are we secretly ass?
Snell had that one game. I’m over the guy.
We are throwing at will. Let’s run it four times in a row.
Even if connor is hurt. Why isnt snell in?
96 is killing us right now
Ughhh Why are we running up the gut twice with McFarland
Orakorafor got wrecked
What a stupid play call
Yeah take Conner off the field on 4th and 1...genius!
What in the actual fuck am I watching? Seriously offense...
Our line is asleep
Sneak the damn thing
We make shit so fucking hard it’s unbelievable.  Imagine if we have someone that follows the KISS formula.
No Conner lmao
Is Conner hurt?
Where is Connor ?
"Meh worth the risk, don’t know why our running offense is so ass today though"
This offense can suck my fucking asshole
Ugh
"If you're gonna run the ball on 4th and less than a yard, why the hell would you line up in the shotgun?"
Contain Lamar but eat shit on Gilbert
Offensive line is absolutely garbage in run blocking.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS PLAYCALLING
Ben should’ve taken that.
Holy fuck I had a massive headache BEFORE kick off. This is frustrating
"Running up the middle didnt work

Randy yeah just do it again anyway"
This is depressing lol
Fuck Mondeux
It was 2nd and 3 right?
might actually fall asleep during this weak ass game
CLASSIC
Out run blocking is fucking embarrassing
Gilbert > Jackson
Henry mondeaux
I missed the first quarter.  Is Conner hurt?  Why aren't they running him on these short yardage situations?
I thought Mondeaux would have went back to the practice squad
3 runs in a row going nowhere wtf. It’s head scratching honestly
Are you fucking kidding me?
Classic Steelers against a dog shit team.
That’s fucking horrible play design.
Offensive play calling is awful today.
Just wow
99 bad
Nobody told me we were playing KYLER MURRAY
Lamar Gilbert here
Offensive line is ass right now
lol wtf is happening here
GILBERT PLAYING LIKE VANILLA VICK
Are you fucking kidding me!
out hunting whats the summary so far? thought we’d be up at this point
"I knew we'd give up a lot of yards to Lamar Jackson, but we're seriously going to give up yards to Garrett Gilbert?!"
This is so sad
Such a fucking hold on Watt
Watt was damn near tackled
They will have to start accounting for Gilbert as a runner
Can’t run for 1 yard. Can’t make tackles. Can’t contain QB.
Keith butler is actively trying to take tj out of the game
Vince Williams man come on
"We really need to get a solid hit on Gilbert, he’s playing way too comfortable atm."
"Chiseled Adonis called that we would play down to the cowboys.. ""its in our blood"""
Lmao cowboys are getting hyped about getting a 1st down
This is embarrassing
Is this Aaron Rodgers?
Can we get back to blitzing out of man coverage
What the fuck
BIG GROAN
Well this is fun
"Wow, fucking terrible"
of course
Absolutely pathetic
Lol we didn't even show up today.
HAHA fucking trash team
For fuck's sake nobody covering on top
Jesus fucking Christ
Pathetic.
They always lose when they travel west
Jesus fuck
Seriously put TJ on Lamb smfh
No more zone please.
Damn against the cowboys
FALSE START WTF
Dallas? Fucking DALLAS
Good Lord
How the fuck is this happening?
Bruh
We’re going to lose this one of all aren’t we?...
Why I'm not surprise....
Why
🙃
Embarrassing
Should Tony Romo recuse himself from the game since he played for the Cowboys?
"Getting outsmarted so far. 

We need 7 points this drive. Right now."
Lets just get some points on the board. 10 is chump change we got this.
Both randy and Keith need fired they hold back both units immensely
When do we get nervous guys? When they go down 24?
We just look tired man
False start was so bad everybody stopped playing.
"Disappointing, but not surprised"
Put claypool in coverage on D man we might get somewhere
TJ against CD genius.
Can we stop playing down to competition this ish has been going on for to many years
I wanna say I'm surprised but I'm really not
We make backup QBs look like Tom Brady. Every goddamn time.
maybe this damn cowboys TD will open their eyes.. they're playing like trash today
Ah there's the Steelers I know and love. Good to see nothing has changed
Feels like the Steelers are experimenting.  Why the heck is TJ dropping into coverage? Seems like every time he does a chunk play occurs
I don’t want to hear anybody defending either of our coordinators.
Not surprised. Hopefully we look better after the half.
The entire oline false started and no flag. Rip.
I am embarrassed to be wearing the black and gold after what I've seen so far
Conner back with instant impact
Time to wake up and put 7 points on the board offense.
OLine getting bitched right now lol
Run run pass! Excellent!
Is this our play down game?
Crazy... first string RB runs the ball better than the 3rd string.
If we 3 and out here...
Fire Fichtner
"Oh my god.

Stop playing the same fucking play"
3 and out against Dallas
"Terrible throw, Ben."
This is making me fucking sick
Defense needs to make some plays
I'm sorry dude but Diontae will never be a #1 or #2 WR. Insanely inconsistent.
Why can’t we just sling the dang ball
What the fuck man
The fuckin kinda foofoo fairy fucking toss was *that?!*
Bad throw
Could we stop running it up the fucking middle?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Please god not a 3 and out
Die Randy Die.
I'm about to turn this shit off and enjoy the outside.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
I can’t believe this shit
"its happening

its happening"
I want to die
Fuck me
Man this shit is just irritating
This is embarrassing.
[deleted]
It’s probably possible to argue that we’ve got some of the worst play callers in the league. Imagine not having Randy as OC.
Lol holy shit that was a good play by the cowboys
Fuck. That was a great call by the cowboys.
Of course
We will be fine haha
3 and fucking out... sad and pathetic
Another 3 and out
Another fucking 3 and out.... who said our defense was better than theirs?
"Hey diddle diddle, two plays up the middle..

Maybe next drive well open it up. Probably not, but we can hope right"
stunning and brave performance boys!
Saved by the flag
That was a great punt return
Lmao
Don't worry it's all part of the plan to give the cowboys false hope.
I hope someone says something at half time
No.
Wow just wow
Christ
Fucking horse cock
"I guess if we're going to be exposed its best to not do it against the Ravens or Titans. Disgusting anyways.

The memes are manifesting into reality. :("
lmao
This is my worst nightmare
Time for more alcohol
HAHAHAHA BLOCK IN THE BACK
Even our special teams is being outcoached
I shall be passing away
Plenty of time to get our shit straight.
"ok, ok... on the bright side, that punt was a HEATER (bad coverage tho...)"
They have got too cocky sitting at 7-0
We caught a break there
Great work Bince
"If that guy doesn’t trip, the convert 3rd and long."
"Guys I'm not a Steeler fan but I made a huge bet on the Steelers to win

Should I be worried yet?"
We NEED to score here. Let’s see. Hoping fat randy ain’t calling plays here or else we go into half 13 down and they get ball second half. Not looking good.
"Alright jokes over, time to get at least a FG and go in with some momentum and shut them out 2nd half"
"I cannot handle this, it hurts"
Ben has to step the fuck up and we need to keep 30 off the field. I don't get why they always put mcfarland in and then abandon him as soon as he has a Conner-esque run
Ben's accuracy has been horrible this season. How can you expect the defense to be good when they're on the field 90% of the time
"Can't keep keep calling run, run, dump. Need some better calls."
I wonder how much that ad costs purely in network time not production or any of that
Any Given Sunday...
We need to play with some fucking urgency NOW. This is now WE ARE IN DANGER OF LOSING THIS GAME. Mode. Get to work you boys.
Regardless of what happens the rest of this game. This team needs to learn how to not be Jekyll and Hide between halves of football. This team is either dominating or can’t fucking beat a JV football team
i feel like we never get juju involved until the 4th quarter
I don’t know why guys.... but I’m getting an urge to buy a flashlight from amazon
We need a run run pass drive here
Dink. Dunk.
Backyard football time
I like the momentum we’re having rn
"If we score a TD on this drive, we’ll win this game."
WHY DIDNT HE JUST KEEP GOING TO THE SIDELINE
Finally a little something happening
Side note: Justin Herbert a real one
if we just stop giving James Conner the football our offense will put drives together
Bens deep ball is shot
Fuckfuckfuck
"Ouch!! 

&#x200B;

Ben, please be okay"
And Ben is injured
Just tuned in and I’m shocked. How the fuck does this happen
Another overthrow... how many does he average per game?
Here comes the fan favorite rudy.
So....why was Watt covering Cee Dee Lamb?
Most of this offensive line needs replacing
Holding claypool and leading with the head on a QB...
Someone needs to be fired. Offensive line coach. Fichtner. Someone.
O-line didn't show up today against a team that can't stop the run and hasn't got the QB latley
NOT MASON NO PLEASE GOD
I blame this injury on all the dumb fucks in here saying Ben is trash and should be benched
Ben bby maybe rest a series?
Oh boy
Gg boys
We need points here
That looked painful
HURT BEN IS BEST BEN
"Johnson's jersey get ripped? 

And that's not the sort of shot you want Big Ben taking... Hopefully just knocked the wind out of him."
Injections for Ben incoming at halftime
Hurt ben. Best ben. Let's fucking go.
"Sucks to see it but that was incidental, not really Lawrence’s fault."
Activate Dobbs. I don’t think mason is ready after last season
Get the walking boot ASAP
Ben limping. Throws a nice pass. That’s injured Ben for you lol
Never question Ben’s toughness. He beat the Ravens with a crooked nose
Anytime Ben takes a big hit I get super stoked to know we have Ma$on back there to lead us into oblivion
"Just tuned in, bow bad are we eating shit? Knew we were gonna have one of these days but didn't expect it v. Dallas."
Holy shit Mapletron
Hurt ben is best ben
Ben out there through sheer force of will
Shit.
Get Ben some painkillers
Pulling a Greg Jennings against the Cowbows
god damn is there a human alive tougher than Ben
Hopefully a knee brace at halftime helps
At least if Ben needs to miss a few games there is time to heal and we can afford a few losses
THANK GOD
"Helmet to helmet. He better be fined over that. 

Ben keeps on doing it. TD Washington."
Yep ball is gonna be high now that his plant leg is hurt.
LETS FUCKING GO
Best receiving corps in the league right there
Wow
Let’s goooo
There we go!
FUCK YEAH
WASHINGTON!!!
I love how Ebron is so willing to go for the stiff arms and fight defenders for extra yards.
THERE WE GOOOOO
Oh come the fuck on make that
OFFENSE DECIDING TO SHOW UP LETS GOOOOO
Way to go Boswell.
Fuck
Thats not good
I guess all it took was a slight knee injury
Missed PAT Seriously?Come on
KEEP PASSING! GIVE BEN THE BALL AND THIS IS THE RESULT!
Damn Boswell we needed that
Hey look we did a thing
Par for the fucking course...
Oh oh
That hopefully just the beginning. Let's go!
"When it rains, it pours"
"Would be tight if we started out dominating like we TOTALLY could be, so that ben could just chill in the second half. But nooooo. Also wtf bozchoke"
"The Cowboys QB looks like someone who would play a QB in a Lifetime movie, but has never thrown a real pass"
"Washington is slick as fuck on double moves, especially with Ben's pump"
"The outcome of this game won't be decided by the players, it will be decided by the courts!"
Tough SOB there
Where is the Advil and Tums.....
"Were this is the worst possible out come for this game, fuck!"
I think that might’ve been a bad hold
Ben has one leg
Wait did all the fair weather fans stop crying now?
Well at least Boz won’t miss for awhile now
Did they finally call a holding
I feel like he’s gonna come out with a knee brace and deal with it. Play the rest of the season with the brace and then have surgery after the super bowl
The hell was that romo cbs lmao
YEASSS
Ben's like shit already
Ben “no pain no gain” Roethlisberger
Fumbled right into his hands
Holy shit Minkah!!!!!!
ATTWAY MIKAH
Let's gooo. Let's tie this game going into half
Let’s fucking go!
The ball is just attracted to Fitzpatrick’s hands
Minkah you beauty
QUICK SOMEONE GO GET BEN
SOMEONE GO GET BEN
This year I can die with a back-up.  You really want to play an 8 man box with a threat like Claypool deep?
Uh.  Is Ben still in the locker room?
Fuck where’s Ben?? I don’t want Mason
KILL ME
CAM SUTTON
Where's that guy who said Fitzpatrick was overrated?
Rudolph time....?
Ma$on should not be on the field this year
aww shieett here we goooo
Fuck Ben’s in the locker room
Mason time
Mason Rudolph? Oh No.
Come on we are down to a 2-6 team
THAT WAS SO SICK
Loooooolllll
Oh god Mason don’t turn the ball over please
Geez I thought fitz was gonna run the wrong way for a sec
BALL
WOW!!!
God I don't want Mason in.
Quackers now
What is this game?
"he floated that 

I swear of he throws a pick 6"
So we could have tied this and now we have to try not to turn it over.
Wait does this mean that Rudolph is coming out?
OH YEA now this is Steelers football
fItZpAtRiCk hAs regReSsEd tHis YeAr
Oh Rudolph
Mason “The Goat” Rudolph will score a td for us
Rudolph with your nose so bright give us the fucking Dub tonight
Rudolph has to watch those floating passes.  Easy to pick off for 6 the other way.
Show us what you got Mason
i like how that never touched the ground. cant even complain the catch and no football move lol
"MINKAH!

MY DUDE!"
Hello
Oh no. Rudolph.
Hahahaha fucking mason
Hopefully Mason has had enough time to pull himself together after the results yesterday.
That's exciting! Just went right into his hands
THE BATTLE OF THE BACK UPS!
"My, my, my. How the turn tables.... - Michael Scott"
no way Rudolph expected to get into the game
what if this is the beginning of the mason rudolph era
Ima have to blame the sun for this half
Fuck these refs smh
Why do people think Mason for one drive would be bad? He's always good his first few drives lol.
So many Steeler fans in the stadium they r cheering for that!!!
Just run it
Mason out there without his chin strap all the way done
[deleted]
These pop balls are gonna fucking make my heart explode today.
Juju’s spidey gloves
"Where can I bet on Josh Dobbs losing a wildcard game for us this year, just like go down to Rivers or what?"
4 yard pass and time out.  Dont fuck this up
Why did Dallas spend a TO there
Replay the down? Christ
JuJu channeling his inner Franco!
Lol
Also wtf was rudy throwing to. Holy hell it looked like a dunk attempt
I forgot how bad Rudolph was
come on boz
I would attempt a field goal.  Boz can hit 54 yards.
No arm
Ok that replay of the hit on Ben looked bad
He freaking sucks still
Lmao
And of course McCarthy still believes in icing the kicker...
Geez.... bad football
So fucking early good lord
Sigh...
Fucking sun 😠
Holy shit what a leg!
BOZ!!!!
Holy fuck
Wow redemption
Boswell you're amazing
YO WHAT THE FUCK
FUCKIN RIGHT BOS
Reverse jinx success!
He made it WTF
why are you calling a time out
LETS GO BABY
Well that’s one way to make a record
He did it!
BOSWELL THAT ENDS WELL
You beautiful Bos
"what a fucking legend, the wizard of boz"
My hopes that this game would be done before my shift starts in two hours are dwindling fast.
BOSGOD IS AN AWESOME GOD
"Thank you, Bosgod!"
That was..... interesting
Boz fucking NAILED that one.
Lol he makes it
God damn Bos!
Love a franchise record.
"Keep Rudolph away from Boswell, don't want him to rub off on him."
Fuck yeah Boz! Fuck yeah false start!!!
What is this game? I just.. I just can't.
We’re gonna have to come up with some one read quick passes for Mason this half.
Don’t think that Ben should come back if injured. We’re 7-0 and it’s be pretty difficult for us to *not* make the playoffs. Need to play the long game here. We also need a better backup plan than Mason...
"Now that we got some points on the board, we better not play like the usual 2nd half Steelers."
"If last week for the Steelers is a yardstick, it's already over for the Cowboys."
"2nd half steelers, here we go!"
So what 4 or 5 Field goals in second half from BOZGAWD?
Well this game has unfortunately pretty much gone the way I thought it would except for Ben getting hurt. Just had a bad feeling about it. Too bad I didn’t bet that way..sigh.
Defense still looking bad.
"Damn, that O-line isn’t letting TJ get through"
"Run from it


Dread it


2020 arrives all the same"
Minkah is magic
Man Gilbert out here throwing darts.
Wtf we wouldn’t call that play. And why? It works
Is Dallas’ 4th strong qb better than Andy dalton? I think so
LB on Cooper again
Lmao Dupree on cooper. Next level matchup.
They're doing whatever they want.
JFC
This is so embarrassing omg
They’re still giving them too much space on the ground man
They never call holding for us
how they did both miss
"Lol who’s 73???

Edit: ahhh never mind it’s Carlos Davis"
We need Alualu back.
TJ bad play :(
Defense looking pedestrian
I’m so confused with the defense right now. Such a weird look at times
"They’re entire game plan revolve around quick passes to spread out the defense and avoid the huge pressure we’re getting. Just gameplan for that, guys."
The WRs need to start getting massive YAC with a gimpy Ben
"well, that's not gonna do it"
Just end my suffering and beat us already
Turnover is gonna get us back
Someone please say SIKE
Should be a Steelers' jersey for Williams now.
"I know he was open, I know if ben isn't rushed he probably nhits him but why are we doing risky shit when we've looked like ass."
"Its a TD game, and second half this year been our thing most of the season.  We got this."
Let's make some magic happen defense.
pick 6 here would be lovely.
What the actual fuck
"Look at that box count... is that a joke?

Four o lineman and two defenders lined up on them. No wonder we can’t stop the run"
Mental check out so far
Is it the play call or can they just not stop Pollard?
what happened to our run defense
cant get a 3rd down stop
Is Cam getting doubled. Need a fucking play
Did the only prepare for Elliot and nothing else?
"3 lineman and 2 defensive lineman on the 1st down run

bad math again"
This is seriously unacceptable
What kind of crap D was that
Just like last week. Large chunk plays on third down. Difference is the offense was ok last week.
If you're gonna just hand them yards may as well just lay down and give them the TD and skip the middle man.
Holy holding batman
Pollard looking like prime Adrian Peterson
This is stupid.  Just stupid.
Our defense looks weak as shit
“Random” is probably the best ever description I have ever heard for Farve’s QB style.
So our run d is pretty bad without Tyson it seems
Lol Nelson
More zone. God I hate butler
Steve Nelson is fucking garbage
"The pittsburgh ""let 'em break every tackle"" steelers"
I wish any of our backs had the holes these guys are getting.
Steve Nelson scared to tackle Zeke lol. Go for the legs bro 
itchin for a int right about now...
Vince Williams dropping back in coverage is my favorite thing
This is just exhausting
Yo these games are getting painful. We have gotten dominated 2 weeks in a row
Everyone who put money on the Cowboys looking like absolute genius’ tonight
Cant force a single third and long
Fucking coaches and leaders not getting this team ready to play.
Dude they’re just marching down the field
Oh look another LB on a receiver
I’m in so much pain
Damn Steelers make me feel like a fool every week.
Just remember we got 2 more bad teams up next and ones record is extremely deceptive.
This guy is really picking us apart
It’s been all game where linebackers have been on WRs. Come on guys change something.
Heart...stopping...uuugh
Gilbert looks like a hero
We are getting embarrassed
Are we doing some avant garde shit with our linebackers? Like I feel like Bud and TJ are getting used weirdly today.
Well this sucks
they should probably start playing man D and get out of the zone
They are wiiiide open everywhere on the field. It's so easy for them to score on us. Even for a guy who threw like 6 NFL passes in the last 4 year's.
Lol smh
Wtf
Come on
No fucking way.
This is fucking hilarious
Pathetic
PUSH THEM BACK FOR FUCKS SAKE. WHY DO WE LET THEM FALL FOWARD
"I hate to be pessimistic - and there’s a lot of game left - but we are simply put, not playing well.  What can I say?"
The tank is almost empty after two tough road games
I’ve never seen such bad tackling lmao
"I'm used to them giving up 3rd and long to passes

but runs

thats new"
LET BEN CALL THE PLAYS
Why not. WHY THE FUCK NOT.
Yikes
Might as well just take the defense out on 3rd down
Averaging 25 points a game so let’s do that now pls
I still have hope
Have to get a TD on this possession
IT'S NOT FUNNY TONY
99 has to walk home right?
Can you guys stop with the “even we win this its pathetic”. It isn’t. A win is a win and keeps our lead in the north. Not all our wins have been beautiful. You take wins how you get em. Period.
I don’t understand how the announcers are always surprised like this doesn’t happen every single year lmao
Love how Juju fight for yards
alright alright right... juju with some.blocking. Me likey
"Oh, yes Juju."
Good play by Juju. Nice block by Chase
More of those please
Let’s go juju
Ben took the harder crosser that time
Chase has to bring that in
Juju gettin pissed
claypool has to catch that
Claypool...you got to catch those...
Juju clutch
Jesus Christ
Lets fucking go JuJu!
FUCK YES JUJU LETS GO
Juju is sooooo tough and reliable!
Juju comes in CLUTCH always
thank you juju
FEED JUJU
No excuse. Clay pool needs to get those
JUJU WAKING UP 200 YARD FINALE
crap C'mon Ebron
The over throw...
JUJU
LETS GOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOO JUJU
Plz Boz come through
LETS GOOOOOO
JuJu with the hard carry
"K come on defense, please"
please boz get us this extra pt
Time for the defense to get a stop and we’re rolling
God I love that man!! Juju is the real deal.
Juju is legit. Need to find a way to keep him
Fucking pay that man.
JuJu I love you.
Juju is one tough sob
JUJU SCHMITT SCHUSTER
What the fuck man
"Are you fucking kidding me?

No I'm being serious here is anyone fucking kidding me with this shit?"
"Is this fuckin for real? I’m having a nightmare, right. It’s Saturday night."
Step up D
Lmao that guy was just chilling there waiting for him to kick it
"Better, no ot for us. Lets win this"
Steelering requires to do something very poorly after someone else does something very good. It is what creates the balance.
3 and out. 3 and fucking out. X4 we win 31 24 done
"Dotson didn’t move at all the entire play, get that undisciplined shit out of here"
Minutes since Baker Mayfield commercial: ~~5~~ 0
Lets go!!!!!! Guys positive vibes. Def needs to do their thing. Here we go!
Wtf was that
Game over.
"coaching, all of this is on coaching"
Fuck this.
Unfuckingbeliveable
[deleted]
"ST has cost us this game today, jesus"
are you kidding me
Special teams has been garbage today.
This team is dumb
STOP TRYING TO LOOK CUTE HOLY SHIT
This is fun.
Pathetic
What the fuck is up with this
Holy shit. All 3 phases.
How come in all kicks there has been a dude in Boswell’s face?
NO FUCKING SHOT
It's the SAME play how is that not covered
So fucking stupid
Steelers with another great special teams play.
This game is cursed af
Defense just had to stop here. But let’s set them up in fg range.
We are FUCKED. Piss off...
Dammit Layne left his lane
Pathetic
you have to absolutely shitting me
Special teams really is special
Idk why we’re trying all this bullshit
Fuck this shit
Fire Danny smith tomorrow. Get fucked
Lol Jesus Christ
Our kick return D is usually good no??
If we couldn't not keep letting up big plays that'd be great
We are being outplayed in all 3 phases lol
Special teams are looking short bus special. What in the world.
We don't deserve to win this
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
Welp gg bois
Holy shit
How did he get 5 yards out of that. It looked like he got lit up 2 yards in
Tomlin you fucking asshole
Stop letting them run ffs
Zeke running through our defense. I've seen this before. Not even gunna get my hopes up
Special teams fucking us feels oddly nostalgic.
Why act like a real team? Why? WHY!
😂😂
Defense and special teams were disgraceful today.. and no adjustments in sight.
What the fuck Richard!
I get the offense sucking but what's going on with the defense today?
As guess the guys needed their clock cleaned today. Maybe they’ll show up ready to play football next week.
Let’s go D! Let’s hold em to 3
I’m straight up not having a good time
"Good thing the Defense blocked that, would’ve been a TD he was open lol"
it was nice having defense for 7 weeks
"Worst coordinators in the entire league, across the board, every side of the ball."
Defense couldn't stop a peewee team rn
Make a fucking stop here please. Bail out this ST unit
[deleted]
FUCK
"I play Renegade, and the Steelers get a stop"
figures there would be a flag
Well that was needed
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
All good after the pick
How bout a 95 yard drive
Best thing to happen on that flag tho
Nance is glitching today. Second time he said Dallas when he meant Pittsburgh.
MiNkAh WaShEd LmAo
It’s juju time
LETS FUCKING GO
"Thank you, Minkah"
"Well, that just means we gotta go 99 yards and waste most of the clock doing it. Let's go!"
"I feel like our QBs are fighting over who can make more dumb throws

I kinda like it.....?"
Momentum shift. Let’s do this!
A stop is a stop this was a very important drive for Dallas
TJ is the only player I’ve ever seen kneel in the endzone
Shotgun when inside the five?
Cam made that play
"Come on Diontae, you have been JV for 3 games now"
Man I had high hopes Diontae but he’s been disappointing me 😣
McCarthy needs dat absolute unit mask
WEAR THEM THIN
"I’d like to see some running but it wasn’t working earlier, so I really can’t complain"
Tony Romo knows football
Need at least a FG
Diontae is so good at evading tackles
Nantz has been making mistakes all night.
That LE has been so close to offsides this whole drive.
its been one of those games
LES GO
Hahahaha fuck you Dallas!
BASED REFS I LOVE REFBALL
Oh thank fuck lol
Jaylon just saved our ass
Fuck me sideways with a belt sander Jesus christ
well that worked out for the best
Phew
Phew.
Conner looks rested.
Cmon they’re tryna give us this game
Thank fucking Christ.
"You chuckleheads in here acting like Rudolph can be as good as Ben are delusional if you think he could put together a drive like this. 

Only thing he has in common with Ben is the ability to fumble."
Lmao cowboy fans PISSED
Cowboys imploding?
lol @ the music starting and getting shut off
Lol are the cowboys imitating the bungles
The come back kid
I’ll take that
"Oh my god enough penalties I want this game over before I have to leave for work. 

I gotta start getting ready in like 20ish minutes. Come on!"
DOES ROMO HAVE HIS CONTACTS ON INSIDE OUT? How could he not see the punch
jesus christ this whole dallas team can rot but thanks for the penalties
Good to see the Cowboys self destruct.
"We might win today, but going 5-wide on every single play is not sustainable.  WTF is up with our running game?  We need to get it on track.  Pick a guy and stick with him."
Love it
Lve with a punk ass move
got away with another one
Got me yelling obscenities at my tv
The fuck they trying to claim 'holding onto his facemask'... you cant grab with your forearm and wrist
Ticky tack penalty but I’ll take it
LETS GO OFFENSE
Ridiculous
I'll take the FG here
Cmon BOSGOD
"&#x200B;

Mr. Automatic    ➡️    Chris Bowswll"
Boz God 🥲
FG it is then
Boswell playing so well.
Ghaut
Bro who is this crawford dude sheeesh
Atta Boz
Let’s go d
I’m a novice when it comes to special teams but there has to be a way to account for a guy that’s constantly jumping over the LOS
I want this ball so far out I can't see it
Dial it up.
Has Avery Williamson been playing today?
Good fucking knock
Renegade
BosGod not even gonna give them a chance to try some bullshit on a return.
"They say that the team who wins the turnover battle wins the game. But boy-oh-boy, last two games and 6 takeaways... still doesn’t leave much breathing room"
"Thank God Boswell boot that kick, our special teams would've blown it."
Another PD for Watt
I know refs have helped a few times this season but I defo feel that usually that's not the case for the Steelers so I'm really not complaining
Our D Line is literally made of saltines.
One 3rd down stop is all I ask for
Sure doesn’t feel like we’ve only given up 19
Course they get it.
Holy shit he actually made a play
Mondo cool
4 minute fucking drill
BRING US HOME BIG BEN
"they man to man and good things happened

waited long enough"
That was a “mondo” tackle
Thankfully he didn’t set his feet for that throw
Cmon defense.  I’ll give you my first born or something.
Only second punt today lmaooo
Offense need to step up
Time to close this shit out
Mondeaux!!!!!!
I’m scared
"mccloud definitely aint scared of getting hit sticked

send him over the middle lol"
finally their 4th string qb messed up.  how is he playing so well when Mason is so awful?
Let’s gooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
If we score we absolutely need to go for 2. We can't do shit for extra points today
LETS GO 2 MINUTE BEN
Last second game winning FG time?
I don’t want this to come down to a FG attempt. They e been way too close to blocking every kick
Romo with the cave man insult to Henry. Oof
Where are they finding all these punters with these foreign names? One team has a Scottish guy. Another has an Australian guy I think. Is it because of a soccer thing? Maybe something to keep in mind when we replace Berry
I just wanna say Joe is a beast he called that run play out and pointed Henry in the right direction.
Here we go steelers!
Offense take my energy!
Were losing and throwing 1 yard passes lmfao
Turnstiles up front. C'mon big guys
CLAYPOOL MAN
Our O is stacked. Ben is feeling it. Let's go!
Underthrows every pass this game...
So many fucking drops man
3 and out is not optimal Ben
It’s going to come down to those missed XP isn’t it?
And now we got the dropsies
Claypool deep td right here cmon.
This is a disaster
Someone catch the fucking ball please.
"This game is to close to not be running the ball at all

Edit: especially only being down 1"
somoene catch please. gd it
2 drops in a row not ideal
Probably on us
We do not need home runs!
Claypool with the drops ..
3rd drop by claypool
Ref ball thank god
REFBALL REFBALL
Jugs machine on Monday
Lol
How boy that
"Has Claypool pulled one in all day?


Edit: nvm lol"
lol I’ll take it
Why are playing Flacco ball?
Our team is playing very disappointing today.
Good ol Refball
We are getting bailed the absolute fucked out with these flags.
I wish our offense could play mid to deep routes it would be nice to not have to always nickel and dime
Good catch Claypool
Automatic first down
Mapletron being demoted to maplecrief if he doesn’t come up with some plays on this drive
walked away to pee before that call so i will be reading the thread in the bathroom for the rest of the game lmk how it goes boys
GOOD SHIT LETS GO
LETS GOOOOOOO
That’s the dumbest rule on the planet jesusss
YESSSSSSS
Weak call tbh. I’d be pissed if that went against us.
FUCK YES!
LETS GO OFFENSE
It was a legitimate call so I’ll take it
Let’s go Diontaaeeeeee
Diontae Motherfucking Johnson!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The left side has been vulnerable all game.
Johnson is such an amazing player
LETS FUCKING GO
Should have stayed in bounds
Clock management mike
DJ!!!!!!
DJ FUCK YES
WHY DOES THIS FEEL LIKE THE SUPER BOWL RIGHT NOW WHAT THE FUCK
"All those idiots saying DJ is bad after the catch, WYA?"
Whole bar yelling SNAP IT SNAPIT SNAPIT
LETS GO OFFENSE
Johnson fucking saves the day and showing why we've got the most deadly receiving corps in the league!
TD
DRAIN THAT CLOCK DON'T STEP OUT CLAYPOOL USE YOUR HEAD DAWG
[deleted]
Lions fan coming by to say you guys are awesome. What a team... what an organization
🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
HURDLE EBRON
Gotta use up the clock now
"Go for 2

Makes no difference if we miss it

Makes a hell of a difference if we get it"
i'm afraid that they've scored too early
EEEEEEBRON
We need the 2.
That is a steelers heavy crowd in jerry's house.
ok defense. your turn again. you got this.
"Fuck yes ebron

Get 2"
this entire game has been way too close for comfort.
God I love having a tight end like Ebron
Holy fuck
Go for 2
EBRON!!!
Got to go for 2
Well that went exactly how I thought it would
Let's goo! But game's not over!
I hope the d is ready!
Wooooow
Of course we don’t get the 2 point conversion
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
ERIC EBRON!!!
"Ebron is a fucking beast!! 

God I hope we didn't leave too much time on the clock though..."
So much time. KICK THE BALL OUT. NO SPECIAL TEAMS. KICK IT OUT
One more time D
Shut em down
"DEFENSE

WINS

CHAMPIONSHIPS"
Pick six comin baby
Holding my breath!!
I did NOT want this to come to defense. Shit.
It's all on the D
Defense please take my power
We just need the D to come up big like last week
"2 missed XP still loom large, should be up 8"
Our defense won’t let em score a touchdown
cowboys coach is gonna have a heart attack after that call.
You know what this reminds me of? 2014 when we took the lead and Glennon beat us with a last 30 seconds touchdown. Please hold them off D.
That felt like a dirty drive but that jumping TD was awesome.
OUR D GOT THIS
Make a stand D... no recounts!
Defense. Fucking prove yourself.
Alright D time to do stuff
Defense gunna have to win it again........
D!
CB saw that coming the whole way.
Game gonna come down to missed XPs
My chest hurts again
I kind of miss Heath Miller
How does a Mike McCarthy keep his job in February ...?  lol
How many timeouts do they have
Nooooo
Looks like blitzing was the key
Damn Vince flying at him
Bince
Edmunds got a break there because he was beat
Sackem
GILBERT LOSING IT
I thought Vince was Hampton getting air.
When do we play renegade?
LETS GO DEFENSE
LETS GOO FOURTH DOWN
Holy fucking shit
Holy shit that was almost a fucking disaster lmao
Is “in the grasp” not a thing any more?
Haden just saved us so hard
Did he throw that from the ground?
And the election is called
"Sit down, fat fuck McCarthy.  You lost."
Why couldn't the defense play like those 4 plays all game
LETS GOOLO
I still love this defense.
And boom goes the dynamite
LET'S FUCKING GO
Defense finally steps up!!!
CAM FUCKING HAYWARD
LET'S GGGOOOOOOO
CAM HEYWARD YOU BIG BEAUTIFUL BEAST
Easy never had a doubt we wouldn’t win
CAME UP BIG WHEN WE NEEDED IT
Let's fucking go
I gotta be real... This defense is tired. Game plan this week was to sit back play zone and let the cowboys make mistakes. Going after a rookie is the way to shake them.
8-0!?!?!?? LETS FUCKING GO
Big dogs eating.
I AM IRON HEAD
BOOM!!!!
Fucking rights.
Monstrous Cam
THAT'S THE BIG PLAY WE NEEDED BOYS
"LETS FUCKING

# GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Love that big D!!!
Dallas HC has no neck bruh
Did we win????
BEST START TO A STEELERS SEASON IN HISTORY!!!!!!! 8-0 MOTHAFUCKAHHHHHHHSSS
Holy fucking shit
Watt said its time for you to go night night
Run three times... kick the field goal since we can't seem to make an extra point... and yeah... this was ugly as fuck.
"That's funny

Heywood set em up and watt finishes him off

8-0"
So many close games. Our problem seems to be our defense is weak regardless of who the other quarterback is.
Like last week. We played like utter dogshit but still got the dub. Very enticing for the future
This is the way
Can they just please stop playing these kind of games just once.  I mean are they trying to kill there fan base.
Not a win yet. Remember Cowboys v Falcons
Just do a TD. Easiest solution haha
Our D showed up!
QB sneak?
So I’m going to assume everyone was having a pucker of a time this game
Wtf tho? Just take the 3?
Well fuck more stress
Hmm
Isn’t crazy how once we started pressuring the QB he started making mistakes?
Lol @ running to the outside with Conner
"WTF was the logic there?

banking on another blocked FG"
What the fuck are these cunts doing?!
WTF WAS THAT
Why not kick a field goal?
Why is Ben scared of QB sneaks?
Whyyyyyyy
Is there any reason we didn’t kick the FG there?
ST has been so lack luster. I'm not mad
Wow. Kick the fucking field goal you idiots.
LETS GO DEFENSE
Come on defense
I'm in a nightmare and I can't wake up.
OMFG
Man y’all could very easily eat your words
NOT LIKE THIS BROOOOO
Decastro looked like a flailing fat boy out there.
I don’t know if I can physically clench my asshole every weekend boys. Lets fucking go
If you’re that worried about the special teams fire the fucking coach.
What da fuck goin on
DEFENSE PLEASE
There is no fucking way....
why
What the fuck was Vance doing? He walked right past a cowboy and blocked dd
Hes out of bounds
JUST KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKERS
LETS GO DEFENSE
Such a fucking shit take by Romo. Why the fuck would we do that??
Dawg......
Please D please
Jesus H Christ
Dude. Absolutely fucking disgusting. Fuck Randy.
Does Derek Watt not have a role on this god damn team?
DID WE LEARN NOTHING FROM THE VIKINGS
I’m so confused
wtf
omg are we gonna lose this?
Playing the prevent
LETS GO DEFENSE
This is killing me
"I wouldn’t have gone for that, but I probably would’ve snuck it if I did. We haven’t been able to run all day."
"Someone needs to grill Tomlin on why a FG was not attempted. He better not give some lame answer like ""we want our offense to win it there""."
We’re gonna lose this
Omg omg omg omg come on
"This is the way the world ends, this is the way the world ends. Not with a bang, but with a dumb ass call to not take the 3 points."
Wouldn't be a steelers game if it didn't end with a heart attack
After I just made a joke. Shit tf
How many times have we been stopped on 3rd/4th and 1 this game? Kinda sad
How is there not a view of that straight down the line
If we lose because of that..
Is this game 2019?
LETS GO DEFENSE!!!
ITS THIRRDDDDD DOWNNNNN
Deep breaths fellas.  Woosah lol
"God Terrell I love you, your a Hokie but do NOT run full speed like that at a receiver with how they’ve called this game"
2 more!
"0:07


No mista bond. I expect you to lose"
You know I would'nt be on the verge of a heart attack week in and week out of Tomlin wouldn't make stupid decisions like not going for the field goal.
rear naked choke on tj. seriously.
lmao they gave them a chance. Unbelievable
Fuck it I’m playing renegade again for the whole remainder of the this drive. This is too intense
I think the though process on the fg was to avoid them blocking it for a touchdown return or something. Still a debatable decision
CMON DEFENSE
👁👄👁
Coming down to last play like last week with our  **defense** on the field  👀
Prevent D
Alright now It comes down to 1 play
1 more stop!
FUCK PLEASE
You gotta be shitting me right now
Ahhh there we go
LETS GOOOOOO
Whew. My heart is still beating so fast.
AAAAAND THATS A WRAP
He fucking body slammed Watt. Stupid cowboys
OVER!!!!
Ill take it. good night
I HATED that
Jesus man. Not a pretty win
THANK GOD
LETS GO
LETS GO
That was much closer than it needed to be. Holy shit.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
"Pack it in, boys. This one is a win!"
Minkah again
3...2....1.....OMG WIN
"I just wanna say for fairness that the hold on TJ was flagrant but the refs have given a lot of help this game. Steelers shouldn’t have put themselves in this situation anyway.

Edit: nvm let’s go lers, fuck the cowboys"
Holy shit they were playing deep
Wow. 2 weeks in a row.
NEVER IN DOUBT BOYS!!!
JFC my heart.
cant there just be a normal game for once?????
WINSBURGH
Nearly had a heart attack tho
Ben has like a dozen O faces
WE FIND A WAY
8-0 baby we did it
**NEVER DOUBTED FOR A SECOND**
Messy win omfg
Damn 8-0 steelers are fire this season
I can sleep now.
The Steelering has began
"Stop fucking crying ""Steelers"" fans"
Washington > Johnson and it’s not close
Favored by 14.5. Losing 13-0. Classic Tomlining
"To all the annoying fans that are saying fuck Thai team, you are no longer allowed to root for the Steelers. If and when we start winning this game and any other game, kindly fuck off and root for another team."
If we don’t put points on the board before halftime this game is over
I’m going to go grill burgers. This isn’t worth watching
Knew this would happen
I'm gonna burst a fucking blood vessell.
"So 7-0 down 2 scores to 2-6 fourth string qb. Don’t ever tel me we don’t play down to opponents again. This is the definition of playing down. Hell, it’s playing worse!"
These guys need to just look in the mirror at halftime. For 12 minutes just look at the mirror and figure out who the fuck you are. Because what I'm seeing on the field today is horrifying
Ben should've hurt his knee earlier
So we’re back to Boswell hooking shit left again?
Boswell having a shit game. Let’s see if he can redeem himself with a 60 yarder.
If ben is out im turning it off.
Steelers FO need to be questioned why they didn’t bring in a QB.
"Was that a tiny jersey grab? Yes. Was it egregious enough to warrant DPI on an overthrow ball? Absolutely not.

Furthermore, that was not a tackle leading with the helmet on Ben. Anyone who is not an idiot can see that. The helmet made contact with him as he was lifting his head up - incidental contact.

Quit whining and start playing."
this :) game :) is :) annoying :)
Our line is embarrassing without Tyson
Come on Claypool...
Second time he’s done that. Team is just dead in the water and not reacting to anything
"Ugh take the touchback my dude

Too much traffic"
"Christ. Can't even get a fair interception without a damn penalty. 

Nantz you idiot it's the Steelers with the takeaway."
[deleted]
You’re insane if you think were driving 98 yards and scoring a TD lol
Yo what the fuck was that Vander Esch. You dirty fuck
Romo is a cowboys apologist man
"fucking romo waffling, thats a fucking punch!"
I guess Bos doesn’t like Xtra pts lol
Only positive was Fitzpatrick. Everyone else was a negative
Lmao when the coaches have more trust in Boz hitting a 60 yarder than Mason throwing a TD
All I can do is just smirk at how shit we are today. It is laughably bad
"All setup with Chinese food, dogs and myself are in our jerseys, got a really good sativa testing at 24.5% ground up, and a victory pre-roll on standby for when I get home from work in the morning. 

Let's fucking do this!!"
Why we wearing black on top?
Like we didn't know this bullshit was going to happen
"Lmao it’s the first drives for both teams. And the Steelers rarely have looked good in the beginning of games, let’s settle down now"
Optimal steelersing going on right now
What’s the point of having a great WR core when you don’t use them? So tired of how boring we always start out.
"2 runs and then a dump off pass with 16 yards to go

Talk about confidence there"
"3rd and 15, huh. #Steelering."
"I so wish there was a hotline we could call , so we can voice our opinions to someone inside the Steelers organization"
How's it feel that our Steelers thread looks exactly like the Ravens thread earlier? Have some class.
Tomlin special shaping up?
"If your heart is aflutter now, how will many of you handle Q4?  Have a beer, or two, or three as it is often the best antidote."
i say punt. our offense cant do shit lol
We look like absolute trash
Lol Ben is already calling the plays. Randy is so fucking trash.
Looks like Ben has taken over calls
Enough McFarland already. We have better rushing options on short yardage.
Tipical Steelers playing down to their competition
Cut 99 at halftime please
"Lmao were fitting outplayed by a fourth string so far. 30 yard bomb on drive 1. 30 yards running here. 

Meanwhile our offense looks like the browns."
TJ Watt covering lamb?
Ooof - please let Ben take shots now
Absolutely fuck Keith butler
Im actually more worried about this game than the Ravens game.
"Fichtner calling dumbass plays where we can't convert on 3rd and 1/ 4th and 1 and Butler is having TJ cover wide receivers. 

I don't think our coaches gave a fuck about this game this week."
God forbid we let the best pass rusher in the league put pressure on a fucking 4th string QB lol
We're getting cooked by a team that lost to Washington by 3 scores lol.
"Steelers look exactly like a team playing their 3rd straight road game during the second half
of the season."
"The only undefeated team in the NFL with an inarguably no. 1 Defense is losing to a third string QB. If we lose this game, remember that."
what a fucking break that was
Steeler football is infuriating sometimes
I fucking hate Steelering. I don't even know who to blame. This whole team is to blame.
Imagine if we were facing Dak. It would be 50-0
We deserve to lose this game. Imagine being outcoached by one of the worst coaching staff this season.
"Everyone here: Why is Romo sucking the cowboys dick???

Also Steelers:"
somebody give the sideline a call and give them a heads up we are playing today
Ah yes. The annual Ben shit the bed game against a garbage team.
"I’m shocked the spread for this game was 14 points lol, this is typical Steelers"
Look I get we played two straight physical road games against Tennessee and the Ravens but this game is pretty much the football gods balancing that by handing us a W. And we refuse to take it.
"It’s fine guys now I’m watching the game. I was out and about before, but now I’m watching."
Its painful watching them wait until they’re behind (against a terrible team) for them to start clicking on offense.
Ben cannot throw a deep ball for shit
No deep accuracy dear God
Fuck Romo man
Just TAPE IT UP
Dobbs should always have a hat because if he isn't better than Ma$on I will print out the PDFs of the gameday programs for the entire 1996 season and eat them with Hunts ketchup piled on top of a heap of skyline chili and crabcakes
How is mason rudolph on an nfl roster?
"50 seconds and 3 plays to get like 5 yards 

and they can't do it LOL"
Oh your mother offsets
Give me Josh Dobbs over Mason Rudolph any day of the week
I am fucking sick
Just put Dobbs in and throw it in the inzone you have better odds of making it.
Pittsburgh kickers aren’t built for kicking that far. Heinz Field is notoriously difficult to kick long field goals at
Why the fuck did we not bring in Jameis Winston
I take it all back Boz
I haven’t checked the r/NFL game thread. I assume they’re shitting all over us lmao
TJ limping ? God stop doing us like this
Our o line sucks this year
really 3 and out
This game is tied if Claypool doesn’t drop a sure TD in the first half. Y’all need to chill.
[deleted]
Nice of CBS to do an AV tribute on a day where he's having an abysmal game
Losing in the trenches on both sides of the ball smh
they are going to fucking fg us to death at this rate. make a fucking play defense
"THIRD STRING RB, 5TH STRING QB"
Fuck the Titans and the NFL for fucking us into an early bye week.
"The defense looks so inept. This has been a current trend this year.

Wonder what the issue is🤔"
Remember this is a fourth string qb
Can we just play Cleveland every week? That game was fun.
Shit defense
We are very fortunate to not be facing Cooper Rush tonight. Mike McCarthy is merciful.
Pathetic
The only reason we are in this game is because of bad play calling by the Cowboys
Kick the fg. You know the Steelers won’t score.
"No bye, harsh schedule three weeks in a row, third week on a road game. No injuries pls."
"60 Minutes: So how does the military intend to distribute a COVID-19 vaccine to over 300 million Americans?

Military: Chemtrails.

60 Minutes: Wait what? Seriously?

Military: Absolutely. We've been doing this sort of stuff for decades now.

60 Minutes: Why are you telling us?

Military: We perfected a memory wipe drug that'll be part of the COVID-19 vaccine. Standard stuff. Be glad you don't remember the summer of super diarrhea.

60 Minutes:"
That's another pass right through Claypool's hands.
JU FUCKING JU
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS???
Another missed PAT. Really been that kind of day man.
Special teams has killed us today
Our special teams is a joke
This really is the Tomlin special
Only we could shoot ourselves in the foot
The Steelers are losing this game because of special teams
Worst special teams in the league.
"Most likely underprepared for a much weaker opponent, and just not our game today. That’s all. Nothing truly to freak out about"
"I remember in the Cowher days, he would start every training camp with a day devoted to nothing but special teams. Seeing the way Dallas is winning this game through special teams play, I wish more modern coaches would put that kinda emphasis on special teams play."
I really believe we are frauds
"I’m not usually one to want to fire coaches, but whoever decided to not kick it into the end zone can pack their things and go."
"The mistakes this team is making right now are just hilarious, lol"
Did anyone think we were actually gonna win today?
Oh ye of little faith.  I knew we still had a chance. It isn't over yet
minkah is fucking disgusting
Why in gods name would you run that out. Actually a really costly play
Why not just fall down in the end zone?
This will end with a punt.
Anyone else think he should have kneeled it?
Love Minkah but I would have loved him to get a touchback
"Who are the cowboys playing today, thought it was the Steelers..."
"That shithead threw a punch, ejection"
VANDER BITCH
What the fuck is his problem
Did he throw a fucking punch?
Vander Esch threw a punch
[deleted]
Fuck that get that cocksucker out of there. He threw a punch
THIS FUCKING OLINE MAN!!!!
Lol we really bout to lose because of the missed FG
"We're playing like we only want a FG, which is weird considering we've missed a bunch lol"
"[Leaping is illegal ](https://www.nfl.com/news/nfl-bans-line-leaping-approves-ejections-for-head-hits-0ap3000000795748#:~:text=NFL%20owners%20passed%20a%20rule,kicks%2C%20the%20league%20announced%20Tuesday.&text=Defenders%20leaping%20from%20the%20second,has%20led%20to%20exciting%20plays.)"
"Boyfriend walks in: “this is close, huh?”

Me: “just as I expected”

Another game where we’re up by a few scores and breeze to a win would be fun instead of raising my anxiety week in and out, huh?"
This is bullshit. Nfc east is a power house this year
Stinky poopoo
Risky not calling fair catch
I have a feeling Boswell gonna have to come in clutch here.. hope I’m wrong
"We got a b.s. call.


I'll take it"
LETS GOOOO RESPECT BENS SPACE
We really celebrating the refs helping us against a 2-6 team?
A gift. A fucking gift.
That’s the first one for Ben in 5 years I think lol
Weak but legitimate call
Tbf the calls have been reasonable in some cases they just feel like dog shit bc we've played so bad and everyone hates the undefeated team. I don't agree w all the calls but overall refs just suck in general so
OMG they're only going to win this game bc they have more points at the end
Claypool. Dude
That was a weird conversion attempt. It was obvious that he was throwing to Claypool. Come on Ben. You’re better than that.
Claypool isn’t playing bad. But he hasn’t made any plays on some catchable balls
Holy fuck defense
Are the cowboy WRs covered in grease?
My Apple Watch just told me to take a minute to breathe haha
This one is for all the infants in the game thread
A father teaching his son a lesson.
8-0 BOYS!!!!!
EAT IT DALLAS!!!!!!!!
"Classic cocky Steelers, come on man"
"I don’t hate going for it, but why run the ball outside?"
STOP THE COUNT NOW!!!!!
We did not deserve to win.
Incoming pick 6 from Ben
That was some cute playcalling. Exactly the kind of thing that's caused us to Steeler games against scrub teams.
"Oh man Elliot is already averaging 2 YPC, we lost. Game over, let’s just forfeit now. 

/s

These game threads are pathetic."
I fucking hate Rudolph so much
"So now the Steelers finally showed up to play the game. Right after I pitched a bitch on this thread like 10 minutes ago roughly.  I have been mostly a lurker on reddit for over 3 years.  I have only posted less than 50 times total, ever. Hell, maybe less than 30.
    
I don't count, or even pay attention to up/downvotes, karma, etcetera... I couldn't give a fuck less. I won't even engage in an argument on here. I dont have the time or headspace.  

But believing in superstition,  maybe I should post on the Steelers game day thread more often. Hmm..."
How bad is it that I'm ready to turn on this team? They deserve to be scrutinized. This is dogshit from them.
"Fuck the Cowboys, and fuck all you fake Steelers fans who give up on the team before the game's over every week"
These announcers are annoying AF
"No lie, the yAlL are OvErEaCtInG people are as annoying as overrators lol"
If Ben is hurt we can pack it in for the year. I want no more of the Mason Rudolph Experience. He tried his best to shit away that possession.
It’s happening
I hate it here lol
Our defense is going to give up a TD this drive lol
Sure do love the 1-2 wasted timeouts per game we always have.
"We’re losing to Dallas, guys, season’s over."
"Best case scenario: We win by a field goal. 
Worst case scenario: we lose a trap game and get the undefeated monkey off our back, while also continuing to be the underdog in all games moving forward."
"Bench Snell already... hes not a power back, he was a fluke back.  Hes 3rd string now"
"This might be the single most pathetic performance I've ever seen in my life. It is inexcusable for a so-called elite defense to get worked by a team that hasn't even scored a touchdown since October. And the playcalling on offense wouldn't even be innovative in 1945. Absolutely abysmal, and everyone associated with the team should be ashamed. Can't believe I wasted an hour watching this crap. Off to do something more important like slam my fingers in a door"
"I'm not saying just Tomlin, but coaching is a problem"
Like Derek Watt was the biggest waste of cash imagine-able. Dude hasn't played more than 1 game I think
My bad everyone I took the Steelers in my survivor pool
And their defender leading with his head for the extra shot on Ben... just awesome.
All we needed was Ben to break his knee and we are all good.
Ah 2018 Boz is back
"Shew, I gotta admit it, Cowboys fans are entitled to their anger right now. That’s a shitty way for a half to end."
Idk what everyone is talking about. This Dallas D is as good as ours
1 sack? I'm insanely fucking disappointed man.
If we don’t have the easiest schedule in the league we’re 4-3.
Giving up a 9 yard run? Thats fucking pathetic
Watch for a fake. Dallas has nothing to lose
Claypool with another drop
AB IN TAMPA BAY SEETHING RN LOOKING AT JUJU
Did we figure out how to keep juju with the cap as it is? Or nah?
We always rally in the end baby!
Missed 2 extra points but made a 59 yard field goal lol
[deleted]
IS IT TOO EARLY TO PANIC NOW? AM I OVERREACTING?
"Reminder Dallas has only punted once all game. 

This defense is only elite when they earn or luck into a couple of turnovers."
It’s like every good play is met by a bonehead play.  I love Minkah’s aggressiveness but the play there is to get the fuck down and get the touchback
Johnson tries to do too much after the catch and ends up doing too little
I really hope Boswell doesn't lose us the game in the same game he made a franchise record
this game feels so gross
You have been awful today defense. It won’t matter if y’all make a stop right here.
Headline tomorrow: Pittsburgh has until 5 PM EST to clear $1.25m in cap room after signing Zebras
[deleted]
Suck a dick Jim Nantz
"I’m surprised that people are surprised that we’d play down to one of the worst teams in the league. It always happens lol

Why I was so confused about media members calling this a blowout coming in. That never happens."
AFC championship game: Chiefs 100 - Steelers 0
Let's win this for Biden and Harris!
"I'm down to fire Fichtner win or lose after this game. 

If you think about it if we don't score this first half including the first half last week, that'll be an entire game that Fichtner calls the plays and the team has scored 0 points. All the points last week came in the second half when Ben started calling plays. 

Seriously...fucking fire Fichtner."
Lol coaches didn’t prepare us on all three phases.
This thread is worse than the game somehow lol
So fucking done. Steelers look like the 2-6 team here. So fucking done.
[deleted]
Whole team is fucking lazy and Tomlin is literally just standing there doing nothing. I haven’t seen him speak a single word all game meanwhile McCarthy is over there actually coaching
"That was open-handed dudes...

I hate the Cowboys too, but that was CLEARLY open-handed"
I'd say stop the count but I'm pretty sure very team has made that joke at least 40 times.
Let’s play down to the Cowboys woo
I'm so worried that this is a trap game for us smh
"Waaaaahhhh, waaaaahhhh my favorite football team isn't doing everything perfectly. They'll never win another game again"
Calm down it’s the second quarter you guys act like our season is over like fucking chill
"Tomlin doing it again, overlooking opponents and not planning enough for the one we're playing."
Nothing has changed.. kaepernick???
Guess roughing the passer penalties aren't a thing anymore
And now you people see why Tomlin was under scrutiny in years past. Stupid decisions like that keep him from being a mastermind of a coach. What a stupid ass decision to let them back in the game by not trying an easy field goal.
Biden’s America made Bens knee weak
Romo is such a little bitch it’s insane
Play down to your opponent. The Mike Tomlin way
"Oh, and thanks to the yinzers who voted cheeto man out in PA"
"Wow, dropsies"
Another deep sideline incompletion...can we cut that shit out. Maybe some rub routes or something
....I'm worried.
Seems about right.
The Renaissance of Garrett Gilbert
Just watch this 4th stringer pass all over us because our defense doesn’t know their coverage assignments or Zeke mad dogging us. 🤦‍♂️
Defense is garbage since the 2nd half against Tennessee
ItS OnLy OnE PlAy
Holding on Vince Williams??
Beginning to smell a lot like trap game.
What is this horrible play calling? People told me it’s time to forgive Fichtner
What the fuck are these play calls? Is Fichtner and the team TRYiNG to lose? What the fuck.
I love it run run pass punt everytime until we get an almost unrecoverable deficit
Fire Fichtner. Now. Kill him. Vote him off. Do whatever but fucking Christ just get someone who doesn’t run on 2nd and long!
Romo is salivating right now
"This is vintage, perfectly aged, delicious, rare, exquisite steelering"
why do we always play down to our competition? why?
Maybe stop running it so much...
Any one else feel like we are watching a Dallas commentary on CBS? F-ing Romo....
Holy crap phones are so expensive. I thought the flip phone looked cool but it’s like $1200.....that’s almost as much as I paid for my first car lol
I swear to God randy fichtner gotta fucking go.
I would have personally did an end around with Claypool on that one or at least put him in motion to unstack the box in the middle
Kick. The. Fucking. FG
We are being outplayed on both sides of the ball
okay now I’m getting mad
The standard is the standard 😎
I know there’s been posts disproving the Steelers lose to bad teams thing... but like...
"Just tuned in and wanna ask:
What the hell is going on with this team?"
i am going to go throw up
STOP THE COUNT!
This team is a fucking embarrassment to watch
we are getting blown the fuck up by the cowboys right now
Worst secondary in the NFL still proving it.
Welp. Season's over /s
It’s the second quarter I swear to fuckin Jesus if I hear someone try to cal for Tomlin’s head imma lose my shit
Leave it to us to be embarrassed by a fucking 2-6 team. What a fucking poor effort by this team so far. Fuck our offense.
"I’ve been saying all week to myself that this is the trap game. Well, here we are..."
If we are going to loose then let them hang 60 on us
This must be our bye week.
"I was having a great day until now, fuck off"
Why do we lose to lower teams?
"The whole “lol everyone need to relax Haha, right, fire Tomlin 😭😭/s” is so old as this point. Getting upset about predicable collapses against horrible teams is not an overreaction. It’s completely legitimate."
I’m embarrassed by this Steelers performance right now
This shit is a joke lmao
So is it gonna be 17-0 at halftime or is our defense gonna man up and only give up 3 to this elite Garrett Gilbert led offense?
LMFAOOOOO
Lmaoooooooooo
Ben is playing like hot TRASH right now (right after I said this last week he threw a TD against Baltimore so bare with me 🤞)
I wish I at least lived in Pittsburgh but no I live in Texas and I'm going to get shit on tomorrow. Classic man.
I'm gone. @me when we wake the fuck up
Hay subreddit en español porque decir fuck y no vayansle a la verga no se siente igual
"It's allll goood. Chill people, our D will pull it together and save us."
Literally don't let Fichtner call another fucking play this game. We were favored by double digits and now we're down by double digits. As bad as the defense has been they've held them to 2 field goals when they could've had more. This shit is on Fichtner and his patented 3 and outs.
https://i.imgur.com/YzCcvyK.jpg
"Trap game anyone?  Fuck!  We need to right this ship before halftime. Their guts are wide open.  
It as if we thought this game was a win before it was played. Our Steelers have not shown up yet."
STOP THE STEAL!
This is on Tomlin.
"based on this threads supporters, we should just go ahead and put duck in there and see what happens"
"ANYONE THAT SAYS WE DONT PLAY DOWN TO COMPETION IS WRONG, im still confident well win but this is not the first time this shit has happend."
The real Steelers are waking up baby
grabbed his jersey and arm no call. dirty hit on ben. classy dallas
Well this games done if Ben is dead
IF WE PUT IN FUCKING MASON RUDOLPH I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD
Now that Ben is hurt we will be better. This is the way
Astros cheated
FUCK
That throw was reassuring lol
And just like that it's 7 points. Screw you dumbfucks calling the game in the 2nd q
Of course Boswell misses
"Ben looks like he's hurting, but eh I guess it's not effecting him too much."
[deleted]
Rudolph Redemption Arc
Minkah where tf were you running?
So Ben has been saying that Dobbs has been helping him see things on the field yet he’s inactive and we are stuck with fucking mason
TD to juju please
Probably a hold and they are out of FG range
Damn Rudolph just looks lost out there
"""Sorry guys, Ben went to the bathroom, so I'm in. Gameplan is not letting anyone got me with my helmet"" Rudolph, probably"
[deleted]
Reset the clock?
Why the fuck don’t we make Dobbs the two. He was always better than Mason.
Maybe we should’ve invested in a fucking backup QB???
I think we need duck part 2
Is there anyone in free agency we can sign to play QB? Can we trade for Fitzpatrick?
Boswell gonna be good from 63 yards
This team is playing Jet ball what the fuck in a taint lickinnbasket is this
this is pathetic
Just end the fucking half. Jesus
Can someone fill me in? I’m not watching. Is ben out?
if Ben is hurt that is just compounding what has already been the worst day of my life so far ......
It would be nice if he was actually consistent
What are we thinking that injury was? MCL sprain?
Perhaps the worst half of the season injury notwithstanding. Run defense still suspect. Butler too ignorant to understand that pressure needs to come up the middle when everything is a quick pass. Giving Snell and McFarland burn instead of Conner. Too many ridiculous decisions by this staff.
"Face the reality that at some point this year, we will have to rest Ben a game even if he finishes today"
We are not that good lol
Butler is handicapping Watt. Jesus Christ get rid of him.
lol i hate it here
Jesus this is painful
Can we just run slants and rub routes and curls and things. Why is there no intermediate passing?
Classic trap game
This is honestly embarrassing for our defense.
We can’t stop the run. We can’t tackle. No wonder we are losing this game.
Yeah this is a loss.
ITS ALMOST THE 4TH????
We can't stop the run of course you go for it
"These guys looked gassed, man."
We have them right where we want them
Time to fucking score
Are we suck?
"Its hurry up offense the rest of the game.

Need 7, a stop and 7 and its over.  They can do it.  Will they?"
BOO BOO SMITH SCHUSTER 😭🤙 #CallGod
Backyard football time
well being undefeated was cool
Wow. He just missed
"Mapletron, get some syrup on those gloves."
Lord why y’all blaming chase for that second drop Ben threw it a mile behind
"1st and 15

they better not run it here"
Somehow we are still the live betting favorite
Why is Cam on the field?
qUiT sElLiNg CeReAL aNd MaKe tOuChDoWn
Oh fuck a flag....
This is just fucking comical at this point with the kicking team
I never got over my extra point anxiety from Bos’ bad season and it’s through the roof tonight.
Special teams are special ed today
"If you think about it, we could be 1-6 with how some of our wins went lol"
Ah here comes the special teams regression we’ve been waiting for.
0/2 on extra points with a 59 yard field goal. Surely this is the first time that has ever happened in history right?
Steelers are 0-5 vs these refs in the last 5 games
"All 3 of our Coordinators are having a shitty game. Ficthner has the offense looking like a dead corpse, Butler has the defense playing the worse matchups ever, and Danny smith got the Special teams shitting the bed so hard, it’s the biggest reason we’re losing right now. 

But somehow we’re still in it, and will win this shit!"
Special teams really trying to lose this game
For all the whining about Randy we're gonna lose this game on special teams lmao
We are frauds
the secondary is bad...i'm tired of people thinking it's not.
Like I said. This team fucking sucks. Can't even beat the Cowboys.
"Every time this team takes a step forward, we take three back."
Fucking fire the special teams coach
Its over
Edmunds making dumb fucking plays nothing new
[deleted]
Jim nantz doing his best Lou holtz impression right now
Eject him
Are you fucking kidding me Vander esch??????
HE JUST THREW A PUNCH CLEAR AS DAY ROMO
"Man, I'd be wasted if I took a shot everytime the Steelers got a bailout call"
Throw his ass out. That was a punch
"Fuck you, Vander Bitch!"
WTF he punched him lol
Vander Esch playing dirty as fuck  🖕
Dirty as fuck right there
Lots of deliberation considering he just hit the guy in the face.
Used to like that kid. Fuck him
I swear it’s hard just to catch a break
Renegade time y’all!!!!
I am smelling a Spilane stop/turnover.
Have the Steelers run the ball once this half?
smells like a trap game
Only good play he has today.  Mondo still trash
Lol y’all ready??
#R.E.L.A.X.
"Guys, I don’t give up hope easily. But I am scared that we’re gonna make a critical mistake."
"Please dont let this come down to boz , i like him but he has been shaky today"
We are so garbage lmfao
Lmao 3 and out.
"Obvious call. 

Hands to the face of the QB"
Ben got an RTP call? It's a miracle
Gonna buy a Ref jersey after this game
The fact we need the refs to hand us the win against the COWBOYS is pitiful
"Cool let's play baby shit soft zone, that'll get it done."
Lol we have been unbelievably lucky and still barely winning. They are on some shit ass QB and our defense suddenly sucks dick. We look like the Jets.
All they needed to do was run run run and kick a fg. Make this GG dude drive down yjr field with no timeouts
GREAT TEAMS FIND A WAY TO FUCKING WIN
"Breeze of a game, never in doubt"
DONT TRY A FUCKING FIELD GOAL
"If they lose im done with this team, that is absolutely ridiculous"
Tomlin is an idiot for not kicking that.
At first I didn't think it was a catch until Tomlin threw the challenge and now I'm thinking it definitely was.
Refs giving Dallas a free timeout to rest and make a play with that review
Y'all up in here acting like that FG was a gimme....
Thank god but seriously fuck you Tomlin
THANK FUCKING GOD DUDE JESUS CHRIST WE IN NO WAY DESERVED THAT SHIT
"FUCK MY ASS WITH A RAKE. We did not deserve that but holy fuck, my voice box is ruined."
No trap no trap no trap no trap
"^panick 


For real, chill the fuck out. It's not even an important game if we do lose."
"So, should I start playing Renegade now, or........"
3-0. It's over going to watch a movie or something.
Is it just me or did that little skirmish this week between fichtner and ben result in ben having less control over play calling? Ben looks uninterested and like he isn’t trying today because these aren’t his plays. Probably isn’t true but I just feel like ben is petty like that
We stand zero chance against KC.
It is so obvious when Ben is calling the offense.
Seconds from turning off. This is embarrassing
"""Herr derr stop being negative this early herr derr its only been × amount of series herr derr"""
"I'm not sure what hurts more: That it's happening, or that **we fucking knew it would happen**"
WERE LOSING TO THAT FAT FUCK MCCARTHY
If we lose I’m protesting
I’m gonna unfollow juju if we lose
"That lazy snap, missing a play before 2 mins encapsulates everything we've witnessed thus far."
I'm so tired of watching us air the ball out. Lmfao Ben's deep ball is the worst in the league
Take him out of the fucking game! This game is not worth Ben getting injures.
There is the cap'n fat fuck pump fake... and wtf Boswell
Were so fucked
get outta town boswell
Thank you Dallas for taking the penalty
On behalf of all of us we would like to sincerely apologize to Chris for any remarks made about the missed extra point
[deleted]
We can't stretch the field and I think defenses are starting to catch on to it. Big Bens deep ball lacks accuracy and power. Fuck it sucks so much to see age and injury bring one of his best attributes down like this
2 games we cant stop the rush.  Our Defense is being exposed.
OUR DEFENSE SUCKS
You guys still think we’re a SB team?
Christ. Even when they start moving they just fuck it up. Come on already.
This game needs to be a wake up call for Tomlin regarding our offensive play calling. This shit can not slide if you wanna make a deep playoff run.
I’m actually happy we might lose this game lol maybe it’ll make people stop acting like we’re the best team in the league
Right i mean ben is better then our second and third string but imagine if we had a Lawrence Taylor we would dominate for the nest five years only challenged by the cheifs in our division
"We gonna lose, aren’t we?"
Not sure if anyone is a penguins fan here but this is kind of like when the pens play a no name goalie on a bad team. They just get outplayed
Selfish not taking the knee.
Romo is such a Homer piece of shit today.
We should be down 10 instead of 1 so this is as good as we could ask for with how this fire of a game has gone. Just need two more stops and one more score. Lets get it.
MOnDeauXxx iS sO baD
Let’s run it 3 plays in a row. They’re used to passing at this point.
Fuck everyone that says we scored too quick. I have faith in our D. God help me.
Are you fuckers gonna let them back in the game? Like really?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:00 4th|PIT|24|@|19|DAL|
|03:30 4th|MIA|34|@|31|ARI|
|Sun 11/08 08:20 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|TB|
|Mon 11/09 08:15 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|NYJ|
|Final|NYG|23|@|20|WAS|
|Final|CHI|17|@|24|TEN|
|Final|DET|20|@|34|MIN|
|Final|CAR|31|@|33|KC|
|Final|HOU|27|@|25|JAX|
|Final|BAL|24|@|10|IND|
|Final|SEA|34|@|44|BUF|
|Final|DEN|27|@|34|ATL|
|Final|LV|31|@|26|LAC|
|Final|GB|34|@|17|SF|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
This game as all the makings of a classic Tomlin choke job. Let’s hope it doesn’t happen.
Y’all were real cocky this week. I said this would be closer than predicted.
Damn man I really thought we wouldn't do any Steelering this game. I guess I'm the fool
This is why Mike Tomlin deserves criticism. He has consistently lost to the worst teams in the league.
I expect apologies from everyone that told me I was overreacting.
Was wondering when the real steelers would turn up
"Yeah we are losing this game, might as well take a nap"
(Serious question) What QB are available around the league? Or trade options?
Too late to trade for fitz? Lol please be ok ben
And this defense wanted to be considered one of the best of all time
Get Sutton off the field that was an embarrassing effort on the tackle
"If it isn’t over 50 yards, don’t let Boswell kick today. Lol"
The commentators never cease to amaze me with this justification for bullshit behavior. Every week they just try to justify these obvious personal fouls. Hope the steelers score a TD on this drive to stick it to them.
Defense is not #1.
One of the worst 8-0 teams in NFL history.
[deleted]
5TH STRING QB IF WE LOSE WE ARE PATHETIC
An AAF QB is shredding us
"Told myself I was gonna play through and beat Super Mario 64, Sunshine, and Galaxy before playing through Super Mario Odyssey finally. Had it in my backlog forever and every time I would get into it something else would come along that would distract me. By the time I returned to it I forgot what I was doing, moon locations, moves get rusty, and I just die a whole bunch losing all my coins.

Just restarted Odyssey again and realized Age of Calamity drops in less than two weeks. 

Hopefully I can finish Odyssey in two weeks lol."
[deleted]
"Hey, Romo. If you would shut the fuck up that would be real great. K, thanks."
"The only positive in this game is that now I don’t have to worry about winning a SB, now I know we’re not making it"
"this defense is absolutely fucking pathetic from top to bottom, the biggest steaming pile of dogshit can't stop anything"
Connor is so fucking trash and we keep trusting him to do 4th downs
I don't care that we won. The decision not to kick that field goal will forever be a stain on Tomlin's career. What a total shit show. Barely beat the 2-6 Cowboys.
Concerned about our depth on D line and playing down to competition but trying to stay positive...shades of Mike Glennon are dancing in my head
"Damn! Buffalo, Ravens, Tennesse and KC will all most likely win today. Gahhhh, would have loved to build a bigger AFC lead"
I thought this would be the first game I wouldn’t be nervous. I was wrong...
Anyone streaming it?
Crackstreams isn’t working right now...
"Damn, that was a ballsy kick. Would have been dope as hell if he made it."
"&#x200B;

Tony Romo is calling this game?

&#x200B;

Hmmm..."
Cowboys deferred. We get the ball first
HERE WE GO!!!
"Gilbert: Alright coach any advice before we get this thing started?

McCarthy: Greet death like an old friend.

Gilbert:"
So weird to be in black
Finally
Seeing a toooooon of towels in the stands... I love it
Lot of us Dallas steeler fans in the stadium today!!!
Party time boys
Mcloud so shifty
Why are we wearing home jerseys???
"My opponent in fantasy has johnson, juju, ebron, and the Steelers defense. I'm conflicted to say the least."
Look at Ben run!
LMAO BEN GOOD JOB!!!
My man got WHEELS
I could listen to Romo all day.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw1k20DpHfA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw1k20DpHfA)
Wheels
Lol with our luck we are going to be the only team that doesn’t rush well against them.
Ben with the pace!!
Ben’s arm is definitely stronger lol
S P E E D  D E M O N
Chase gotta catch that but the o line is getting a good push so I’m encouraged!
[deleted]
"At work right now, if we score tell me plz"
"As long as they consistently don’t call PI it actually helps us. 

Less flags means less opportunities for them to get bailed out."
Just tuning in what happened on our first offensive drive?
"Fucking hell, come on guys"
Anyone have a radio link?
Williams wasn't held.
Hahahaha they are marching down the field. Fuck this
Itsatrap.gif
Anyone got a link to a good stream?
Not the best start here
I wish they would've just started Ben Dinnuci
Alualu was literally our key to stopping the run. Without him we get shat on
WHY FUCKING WHY
Oof...
leaaaague leeeead
BLITZBURGH
Let’s go Ben
Rudy! Rudy!
"Damn, that Ben stat is mad"
Something tells me we didn’t take this game seriously during practice this week
I’ll be damned
"Their defense is playing better than ours. Their offense is playing better than ours.

This is bad"
Wtf is that drive
We are punting better! Every cloud....
Sigh...
Love me some steeler football lol
I'm kinda worried a 57 yd punt means we are going to get a 30ydr at some point this game lol
"Berry fuckin upgrades, boys"
Awesome run blocking so far
"No huddle, please."
Michael Jordan who who???
Wonderful play calling.
Um. What the fuck?
"We are just feeling them out. Offense and defense will make adjustments. It’s always this way in the beginning of the game. Remember it’s not how you start, but how you finish.  
Let’s go defense."
Too soon to call the trajectory of this game. Steelers have been a second half team all season.  But Dallas is getting the start Dallas needs to keep this competitive.
Steelers been pretty good on 4th down this year
Excellent D
Lol cowards
Where’s Ray ray(???
"got a stop, thats all that matters"
Why is Haden taking the punt?
At least the defense is showing up now. Offense needs to get in the game.
Romo talkin trash
Is that like when chad Johnson wanted to kick a field goal?
McFarland'd himself there
"There we go, much better"
Here we go.
Can we get some points this drive?
There we go!!
Claypool wanted a whole lot more than just 14 yards.
Lve almost fell there lol
Don't let those knees be exposed boys. NFL might fine ya.
McFarland is looking good
HERE WE GO
There’s there short passes I wanted
Gotta go for it
Not even close
Fucking fantastic. . .
when Tony McFarland runs it reminds me of Happy Feet when the little penguin dances funny
Take the points.
ITS DIFFERENT
Go for it
Go for it
Why McFarland?
"Really. 


Run up the middle



Are you fucking kidding me"
That’s my team
What the fuck is this play calling? Three times the same play?!?
Yikes
OL playing weak as shit
What a play call
Fucking weak
God dammit
Pathetic from the offense
They know you are doing that so why tf do that?
Line up in the I and run it down their throat...
Just have Ben sneak it next time.
"Offensive line needs to get its shit together. They're 30th in pass block win rate, and 19th in rush block win rate so far this year, and as teams start squatting on the short stuff, that's going to really hamper the offense."
Nice job ficht
YOURE BLOWING IT
Mother fucker
Not surprise
"Hindsight is 20/20 but, we should have taken the points"
"Also, you should tie the game there."
Fuck!
Three fucking runs up the middle in a row. Of course
Is someone on our coaching staff paid per shotgun snap?
Braindead. Saw that coming a mile off
Lmaooooooo
wow.
well hopefully that makes us abandon the inside run
Damn it.
Yeah let's just run the same play we ran that didn't work at all. Sounds like a good plan.
Oh my fuck
Wtf is going on this is embarrassing
Those yards are about desire.
Facemask?
My co-workers asked me why I was worried about this game all week 😂😂 if only they knew
Is it the second half yet so our offense can SHOW UP
This is very embarazzing
Lamar? Is that you?
steve young?
Let’s get a turnover
DO WE NOT KNOW WHAT A FUCKING SPY IS
So have people worked out we cannot deal with a running QB....
I guess Cowbays are allowed holding.
Why is Mondeaux playing
I can’t fucking stand Mondeaux
Cowboys got a good game plan.
Can we stop running the ball it’s clearly not working
"Yeah, just let him run to the end zone if you want."
"Honestly rooting for gilbert at this point, its ridiculous"
The big problem is the O Line is getting blown up every play.
TJ WATT
"I should have known, as a Longhorn fan...i should have known. Always be a weary of a Longhorn playing in Texas"
Blah blah blah
Fuck Keith Butler.
Wiiiiiiiiide open
Wide open again. How?
No false start?
LOL FUCK THIS TEAM
Why was Watt covering Lamb?
Wake up time
How is he that open
False start?
What the hell is going on?
"Okay offence, can we get going now instead of the latter half of the 3rd quarter?"
Heyward is Conner Williams father. Dragged him along for the QB pressure
Lmfaooooo
Jesus christ
Yikes!
Watt covering Lamb. Thats an interesting defensive scheme
Nightmare start
Like I'm not even mad I knew we were gonna get trap gamed.
Still not worried but Butler is a fucking dumbass
This team better get it together with all the shit they were talking all week
Alright. This is how we’re doing it today. Sweet.
"So we use our smallest back on 4th and 1, and use our best pass rusher in coverage on third down. Am I missing something here?"
Did the staff member with Covid have the entire game plan with him in quarantine?
Was starting to think they'd do a Browns and keep trying what doesn't work.
Both sides playing bad. What the fuck is happening
This shit is not surprising at all unfortunately
"run run 

pass

seriously?"
Not surprising but also calm tf down lol whole game left
it’s like we’re in a whole new playbook
Hopefully we start taking this team seriously and play like it's all in the line.  There's still time let's GOOOO
Run. Incompletion. Draw. Punt.
"Stat line is crazy, Rothlisberger 6/9, 4 yd avg.  Gilbert 6/9, 9.4 yd avg."
THROW THE BALL
Can we stop with the 2nd down runs. Jfc.
Oh my god STOP WITH THE FUCKING DRAWS
Gotta have some faith yall
Where's that guy in this sub that said Steelering isn't a thing?
Run run pass.
3 and out omg lol
Wtfffff
Unreal.
What is going on?
I think we’ve ran like 20 jet sweep plays over the last 3 weeks and only handed it off like maybe once or twice
Have Ben make the play calls fitchner is clueless
LMAO
amazing
That was a good play by them
Fucking trap game
Oh my fucking word
"yeah, not a good throw.. that's on Ben"
This is a fucking embarrassment
jfc
Why are we running so much? It's not working.
Fucking bullshit man
I seriously wanna cry
Unfuckingbelievable
what the fuck
Yeah. This is pathetic.
What the hell
Okay. Punk these fucking pricks.
our offense is painful to watch and sadly our defense so far today is too
"Embarrassing, absolutely embarrassing"
This looks like a dump show
Bruhhhhhh Diontae would've had the first down on that wtf...gotta lead it Ben
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Cool cool cool
I’ll tell you now. This offense is going to cost is. They’re very bad in 8 qtrs and getting worse it feels.
I hate that i love this team
LOL
Fuck this
Jesus Christ
I think the game plan is not working. Maybe time to adjust?
I hate everything
"Okay, Randy, enough up the gut stuff"
HOLY FUCK
So...everyone got hammered last night?
Why was Haden returning a punt? Anyone know?
Yeah Tomlin special even if they pull it out
Bro how
"So flat to start this game, bout to get reamed out by Tomlin at halftime"
Of fucking course
What the hell just happened?
We... were getting wooped by the... the... cowboys.
Yikes
Dive dive drag is every drive.
If we give up a touchdown here I'm gonna cry
Why are we like this
Let's go D!!! Turnover time.
This is hard to watch
Vince is a beast
What in the WORLD
"I love Tomlin most weeks but I’m so tired of this shit happening. It cannot be overstated how predictable this happening is. The Steelers are known for doing this shit and it costs us big every single year. We didn’t make the playoffs last year losing to the Jets, we didn’t make the playoffs the year before losing to the abysmal Raiders, and lost the one seed year the before that losing to an abysmal Bears team. If we lose today I guarantee it will have a huge effect on playoff seeding."
ok now will the real steelers please stand up
🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚 awful. Hopefully 2H is a diff story
Sigh. I have the Steelers in my survivor pool this week. Need a  comeback. Come on boys. Let's rally.
Good thing NFL games are forever long.  Ways to go in this one but no points here and I’m gonna need a fireball
Please. Just a heartbeat
What in the actual fucking fuck man
No reason to play conservative anymore.
"Good start to the drive, need to score here"
DJ so slippery
Not a big fan of today’s game.
Oh fuck Ben...
Oh no Ben got hit hard
NOOOOOOO
SHIT MOTHERFLINKER
F YOU SEE KAY
Fucking hell.
Offensive line needs to get their heads out of their asses
"When I was in Iraq they had Bad Company come out to see us.

Thing was Bad Company was touring in Europe at the time.

The guys coming out to see us were people who had randomly played with Bad Company for various things over the years. One of them was the same age as me. 

I still think about that."
Fanfuckingtastic
Such is life in the national football league
Holy shit Ben come on
No no no no
Head hit
Fuck. Ben's down
Just when you think it can’t get any worse
Ben is a warrior
Ben should be pissed
EBRON 😤💪🏼
this game keeps getting worse.
I’m scared
Gimpy Ben is peak Ben
Oh no
Here comes banged up Ben!!
BIG BOY BEN LEGOOOO
Big hit. Just needs like a min to recover
"Ben, sit out a few plays, cook up some heat, then turn it on second half"
BEN!! What a warrior
YEAH BOY
Washington
Anyone know a place I can watch?
WOOOOOOO
ATTABOY
We need our defense to step up here big time
YESSIR
Boo boo Ben
HERE WE GO
James Worshington!
Ben's a goddamn warrior
Left Garrett Gilbert too much time lol
No
Of course
Wtf Boz lol
This is feeling a lot like that raiders game right now
NOOOOOOOO
Washington James Washington 7 foot 20 Washington!
I thought it was the right knee??!
Bro did anyone get off the plane today?
I wanna cry
Could be Rainy and Breezy Golf next weekend.
We got lucky lol
"Vikings fan here, how many games this year has Ben R missed due to injury?

ETA: thx, I thought he had problems. Don’t watch many Steeler Games. Fuck the Cowboys"
good job cowboys you just pissed of the steelers
This defense is playing way too much zone. That's why they're getting carved up and leaving open guys everywhere.
"Oh, well, hello!"
ok lets hope its a bruise. now defense lets pick it up
Lololol
"lets get 3 out of this 

Ben's in the damn locker room though"
"So, who's qb now?"
wait... didn't Ben go the locker room? Now what?
Was that Sutton with the strip? Let's go!
And now Mason. Has to play
Rudolph time baby!
Mason Rudolph is in guys: . .
"Oh dear god, it’s Mason Rudolph"
Oh Gawd
Great d but Ben is in the locker room
2019: part duex
Ben!!!
Is this a nightmare?
Turnover!
Mason time bitches!!!!!
Hello Mason
Can do without the team photo op when they’re playing like this.
"If cowboys punt, it’s Rudolph time boys"
"DONT KILL US, MASON"
Come back Ben pls
He has ZERO zip on his passes
sutton on some G SHIT that was so sick
You haters need to calm down a little
I put up my tree already. RUDOLPH TAKE MY ENERGY.
They probably didn’t expect to get the ball back this quickly
Field goal is fine here...just don’t fuck it up Rudolph
Lmao how lucky can you be
Rudolph will be 15% improved this year.
Hey this Mason guy is pretty good /s
[deleted]
LET'S PULL SANTA'S SLEIGH
Wtf
"Incase everyone was wondering, Rudolph is still a checkdown machine."
Ben is out then....Time to switch to booze
coming back on a hold.
Fuckkkkk
Wish we had Jaboo
Did he even warm up?
I think I would prefer duck as the back up
Yup. Rudolph still sucks.
Rudolph is a bitch
Could we be any more obvious that we were going with a screen on that?
Of course mason wants to be a hero
[deleted]
RUN The ball!
Bos pls be god
Wow
Lol Boswell
WHAT THE FUCK BOS
Throw a Hail Mary
What happened to Ben?
I'm just happy we stopped the points dallas could a potentially had
In bos I trust
Great kick.
Lmaooo
BOSWELL WHY!
LETSGOO
Longest 2 seconds ever
What
Lol Boz
BOSGOD
FUCK YEAH BOZ!!!
there we go!
This is farce.
ATTA BABY BOZGOD
Hahahahahahahah oh my God
LOL
"I'd have bet my house he missed it. Good on Boz!

2020 keeping up the weird streak"
Holy FUCK
HOLY FUCK
Boswell let’s go!!!
BOZGOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Out of the loop, why was big ben not playing?"
DONG SHOT
BOSGOD
whats the news with big ben ?
Who's our 3rd string QB btw. Is duck still there?
[second half](https://imgur.com/gallery/JupJrsp)
why did BOZ not dance on the star after that kick
Thank goodness
I stepped away at about the 2 minute warning. Did we get a pick or something?
Amari Cooper doesn’t deserve his madden X factor
I expected 5 sacks in this game. We’ve gotten 1 and close to another.
Tackling is hard
Our defense like butter.
Still nothing man.
This team just didn't show up to play a winning formula. This is just ridiculous.
Tony fucking Pollard.
I guess this is the bend not break D
It’s like our defense is still gassed from last week.
Ebron is not great at blocking
Need a stop so bad
if they score on this drive it’s over
I need a dub got money on this to top it off lmao. Last leg of my “safe” parlay. I should’ve known though lmao
It’s time for renegade. https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc
The one time we actually play for the pass there
Might as well just let them score at this rate
I swear I'm about to go destroy something. This is fucking pissing me the fuck off.
where the fuck is our run defense today????
Sick
I can’t complain about that one. That’s just Zeke making a play
"Lol, I thought they were prepared to not play down."
Great job 97!
Wrap up and drive.
Wrap up and drive.
It’s alright they will get the first down on this.
Vince cannot cover
Why the fuck do we keep dropping TJ into coverage
feels like teams have been able to move the ball pretty much at will all season outside of cleveland.
These defensive schemes with all of the LBs 5 yards off the line need to go
Zero pressure on the QB
They’re just not getting much pressure. Dupree or Watt needs to get home
Can we play a nickel ? I’m sick of seeing LBs sitting on WRs in coverage
Getting single blocked by backup lineman
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE IN 3....2....1!
I'm about over sports
YES. Spillane on lamb.
[deleted]
Cal heyward is such a beast
The team that’s playing right now sucks so bad lol
a sack right here would be great.
"Seriously, I'm out of words.  There's no excuse for any of this."
Motherfucker.
Good shit 97
SHORT
I’m scared
"If Ben can’t get us a dub here, criticism probably valid? Love the guy but these things force you to ask questions"
there's no sugar coating this shit. this is fucking awful
How in the fuck did he beat Baltimore and Tennessee back to back just to come out with THIS
"I thought we were very bad against the run last week because of the defensive game plan to contain Lamar. 

But it looks like that game was not a one off"
Rudolph was dogshit last year but I genuinely feel like we had more of an intermediate pass game this year. It feels like this year it’s a deep ball 40 yards down the field or a 2 yard drag
"Last two times we played them, we trailed by 10 in the 4th and ultimately won."
Only thing that makes sense for the D’s performance is that the Cowboys chose a guy who hasn’t started in like 3 years. Hard to gameplan for someone you don’t know
"with how our O is playing we need a TD in the first couple plays of this drive, because our D also isn't giving us favors. We can't keep having Dallas waste 6 minutes of the clock"
I want to die
Let's go! Was all JuJu that drive.
Thank you juju
JuJu is the big winner on that drive
"He ruined that DB lmao, sent him stumbling to Timbuktu"
cowboys get yet another one on us in the trenches
Of fucking course.
Of course
Would be nice if we could stop somebody
"Wow, Randy Gregory was dumb there. You’re still winning dude"
Hope he doesn’t miss the kickoff
Juju tried to pull the TO celebration
We can't have anything nice today.
Makes me fucking sick
"My one gripe with special teams/kicking: blocked FGs/PATs shouldn't really be considered misses. Sometimes they are the fault of the kicker, but most of the time the kicker can't really prevent that. Like if you put Tucker on a team with a weak OLine he would ""miss"" a lot more from blocks, not from lack of skill"
"Feel like that should have been reviewed, he was close to stepping out"
unreal
Out Special Teams is absolutely destroying us. What on earth.
If we lose we deserve it
You have to be fucking kidding me
This is one of the worst special team performances by any team I have ever seen.
Tomlining 😎
Just fucking kill me now and put me out of my misery
"Offense, check.  Defense, check. Kicking, check.  Add special teams to Steeler failing today."
Can’t even watch
This coaching staff is just so fucking stupid sometimes.  Unbelievably stupid.
Lmfaooooo gotta love this team
So many blocks in the back on that return.
Guess my pooping mojo is gone.
Jesus fucking christ enough already
Told yaaaaa we aren’t that good !!!!!!!
Just kick it out of the fucking endzone. My god
this is unbelievable.. you pooch kick it to the left side and don't cover the left sideline? wtf
This game does not want to be won
Lol what a fucking nightmare
This team is going to be the death of me.
what the fuck
Should’ve traded for Gilmore
This is really embarrassing man wtf is this
Reminder this is a 4th string qb
I’m very worried
Special teams is so dookie
Hold them to 3 and still need one TD anyway. Come on!
Thank God Let’s goooooo
LETS GOOOO MINKAHHHHHH
Please not us
Flag
God dammit man
Thank Fucking God.
Phew
Pain
Fitzpatrick
We can manage that. LFG Minkah!!
Make them pay
Thank fucking god
At least no score for Dallas.
We took big advantage of their Olineman dropping out of the race. I'll take it
Anyone think Romo is doing a good job tonight?
RTP please no
holy shiiiit pleeeaaase
Fitzmaaaaaaagic!
woooow. I wish minkah would have stayed in the end zone on that one but hey well take it.
Who’s ball??
"Also watch a reply, terrible call holy shit, I don’t usually like to complain about refs but we’ve been hosed"
That wasn't a blind side
Refs have been so bad this game
Great work
99 Yard MVP Drive
You just know this somehow has *Chris Boswell 50+ yard game-winning field goal* written all over it
Moving the ball well here
Why can offsides be declined but not false starts?
Fuck man smh
Well well welllllll
Not like this
That’ll do smh
No
Oh my god
Incomplete pass
Jesus Christ
Im back boys only 2 inches of snow.
Oh Christ
Bs call lol
Jaylon Smith's arms are huge.
hold fuck now they want to call penalties on Dallas...
"Fuck you Dallas, Fuck you Romo"
They just want to keep the game interesting. They do this every week
"Super bowl teams will find a way to win.


No matter the circumstances"
Lucky here
what a disaster lol
"Wow, my heart."
"Jesus fuck, that was terribly thrilling. No me guesta"
At least the refs are consistently garbage
Phew! Cash it in boys
"if this is on McFarland 

get him out"
Dallas losing their minds
"LVE

thank you"
What the actual fuck
Catch the ball Ebron sheesh
We got this.
"Ebron you dropped it

don't stand there like you the man"
Claypool had a lane there why did he toss it to Ebron?
[deleted]
Ben feels uncomfortable throwing left and I think the D knows it
Lets get a safety
can’t believe I’m saying this but our pass rush is too slow
LETS GO DEFENSE
Our defense and special teams to blame today
Fuel almost spent
Too east for Dallas. Too too easy. Already near midfield and time ticking and ticking.
I'm so glad we picked up Williamson... jesus
They're running all over us
Steve Nelson is so scary when it’s time to tackle the RB lol
And that’s a stop
YEAH BABY
Ray Ray needs a big run back here mannn
Game winning drive
This is coming down to a fg isnt it
Lmao
"Is there anywhere online to stream this?  The sub used to have a guide to places to watch for free.

Edit: thank you all!"
Zoinks
LETS GO OFFENSE
Claypool’s third drop today
Claypool can't hold anything today
Claypool 3rd drop
Claypool dude come the fuck on
No zip on ball
A run there would have been cool
Goddamn it claypool you’re a rookie and that’s how it goes
Catch the ball son
Not pretty balls but cmon
"Drop, drop, drop. Can’t force 3 and outs. Special Sam’s sucks. Playcalling sucks. Gee I wouldn’t expect us to be 7-0"
Catch the fucking ball
Not how you wanna start the drive...
Claypool having an awful game with the drops.
Catch it ffs
just had to take a tums....god damn guys can we a have just an easy game....and i don't even care if we lose....
Smh
Uuuuuuuuuuu there’s a flagggggggg
We put the fate of this game on a long throw....
"Ah yes. It appears Jerry Jones has a ""Forget-how-to-catch-inator"" in Dallas"
Wow
Chase has let the boys get to him mentally this game.....
8-0 feels like a fantasy
Serendipity
How many drops is that for claypool today?
Wow
Holy shit CATCH THE FOOTBALL ujioejurofi4ewqjlksdxa
You gotta fucking catch the ball. What is going on today Claypool?!
"Well, shit"
Claypool has dropped far too many
Cowboys bailing them out again
Jesus Christ man
LETS GO OFFENSE
Well
Phew
Ball game
"&#x200B;

We need to milk this clock so Dallas doesn't score"
Lmao what an absolutely shitty call 😂
BONK
SOME LUCK??????
Score. Please?
thats game
FUCK YES!
Johnson lost his mouth guard. Go back and pick that up bud.
JOHNSON BABY
Seeing McCarthy’s mask makes me uncomfortable.
Johnson is so bad once he catches the ball. Just run straight!
Johnson baby
DJJJ
Holy fuck Diontae
Great play. Don’t score too fast though
"wow, what an ugly set of plays. I don't know why ben can't hit anything beyond 15 yards anymore when his arm is still a cannon. glad they finally called something when Ben gets hit for once."
"Just torch the clock, kick a field goal to win it, and call it a day. 

My fucking heart..."
Stay in bound rookie
I thought they were gonna challenge that
Get Conner in the game man
Keep the clock running please
STAY IN BOUNDS CLAYPOOL
Diontae...THAT'S MY GUUUUY
He’s out fuck
I like ben was not in a hurry
"Wow, Johnson just gave me a shot of adrenaline. I might have to furiously push my shit out on the next commercial tbh."
DEEEEEEEJAYYYYYYYY
"Guys, are we uhhhhhh getting calls???"
goddamn it stay in bounds lol
STAY ON BOUNDS
"Why didn't McCarthy challenge that wow, a gift."
Run the clock.
JUST SPIKE THE BALL SO THEY CANT REVIEW
Physically I'm tired. Mentally/emotionally I'm drained
LFGGG BOYSSSSSS
Did I miss something happening to Conner?
Eric LEbron.
EBRON JUMP
LETS FUCKING GO
I NEED TO CHANGE MY PANTS
Do not at all let them have a chance to run this kick off back.
Should have stayed in Claypool...
EBRON 1000 IQ PLAY!!!
Tony Romo literally called that play lol
Ebron!!!!! I just hope scoring quickly doesn't come back to haunt them. Gotta trust the defense though.
"we are so fucking lucky, this week better get our head out of our ass. I don't want to see any positivity after the game."
Going for 2 is the best option
It's happening!
EBROOOOON
"Nice, but too much time on the clock."
Go for 2
Boss move
LEAAAAP
STAY IN BOUNDS CLAYPOOL
EBRON!
Fucking right!!
Go for 2
GO FOR IT
Ah fuck.
Let’s go d. Get fucking nasty
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO WE FIND A WAY!
GET THAT TWO
Ben a little lower there buddy
One D stop and it's done
I trust our pass rush to end this game... keep Bud & TJ out of coverage please
LETS GOOOOOO DEEFEEENNNSSSE
Time for the d to get up!
Man we needed that
We miss the 2 point and this thread already calling it a loss and we should fire tomlin lmao.
Thank fucking god.
LETS GO DEFENSE
We finally have the lead now all we have to do is keep it
god this team gives me anxiety lmao thank God ebron is ridiculous. now the defense has to pull out the nipple clamps on em.
"so a pass to the corner of the endzone wasn't an option on that play, it was all inside slants?"
Not PI?
What's eating Garret Grape.....TJ
OF COURSE
Is Conner hurt or benched?
Good idea to blast the kick out of the end zone
My facial expression during this game is about the same as that Progressive sign guy. I am just dead inside.
Welp. Not a good start.
"Should be working but had to get in there after that ebron td

How was today's game tho"
Sutton gets those man
That was almost it
ONE STOP PLEASE
LETS GO DEFENSE
sutton still could have caught that
How was that not blown down lol
Same thing next week boys?
LETS GO DEFENSE
He was in grasp.
never in doubt
The defense finally gets the pass rush going.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Cam murdered that lad
LETS GOOOOOO
defense took my energy and used it well.
weird game
And that’s how you treat the fourth string QB! That should have been happening all afternoon!
"I mean with the fouls they called, probably should have tried to “protect” Gilbert"
I KNEW WE COULD DO IT
CAM IS A BAD MAN
WE DEM BOYZ
Fuck yes
Cameron just lifters that dude
I've never been so happy to be wrong. Still not the way you want it to go.
THAT'S MY SHIT
CAM LIFTS WEIGHTS
HUGEEEEE STOP D
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT
Never worried. Not once. Obviously the standard is the standard
"LETS. FUCKING. GO!

TJ!!!!!!!!!"
OH SWEET BABY JESUS
just protect the ball.
We were all so fucking mad before lmao
"TJ WATTTTTT

CAMERON HEYWARDDDD"
I’ll take it
Ugly win is a win
"What a turnaround.

Didn't lose in the trap game.

If you took the points, tough break. I don't blame you"
TONY ROMO CAN SUCK A DICK
Cam said please sit down
Now the real question is why tf were we not blitzing this guy the whole game? Defense played so conservative.
"Defense really hasn't been *that* bad. Two TDs given up, two takeaways, two sacks. I don't like the amount of rushing yards tho."
THE STEELERS ARE *THE* COMEBACK KIDS
LETS GO
Barring some flukey bullshit it looks like we preserve our win streak and our 25+ point Streak.
Wtf are they doing?
Go for it!!!
WHY?????
What are they doing???
the offense can never just end the game
Oof
Why no field goal?!???
Watch that cost us the game
Hold on what the fuck
Can’t get one yard? Okay
jesus christ my heart
What the fuck
There a chance we’ll ever see Romo coach?
Horrible decision
Romo has a good point there.
Mothfucker
Fuck conner
LETS GO D
Pls God
WHY NOT SHOOT A FUCKING FIELD GOAL LMAO
I’m like Fred Sanford about to go to Elizabeth over here.  Watching this team should be an Olympic endurance sport.
Always heartburn
ok defense take my energy 1 more time please.
He's out
Guess we don't get the useless accolade of 25 or more for the first 8 games
JFC come on
Wow
Stupid stupid decision
Every game gotta be a nail biter huh
I think he tried to slide a little early
"This is why I didn't say anything yet....



Here we go ....."
why not
Lamb is going to be a good one
jezus fuck
UM
They just can’t make it easy
Please go please
WTF WHY
wtf kick the field goal!
fuck. seriously.
Of course is coming down to the wire
How does that happen
FUCK THIS PLAY CALLING. FUCK IT. UNBELIEVABLE.
Can we just play the Browns....
I just don’t get how a field goal isn’t kicked there. And if you go how is it not a sneak?
WTF is going on.
Why the fuck
jesus lol I don't know what the problem is specifically but this run game gives me no confidence.
Oh Jesus Christ
C'mon cmon please defense clutch this up please
His heels landed out of bounds
Oh god
TF
I think my butthole has actually closed up at this point.
LETS GO DEFENSE
stupid motherfuckers.
Come on defense get another sack
Afraid of a PI call
LETS GO DEFENSE
Didn’t we just do this?
Please no
Romo just willing the Cboys
Yo i don't feel good about this
"Edmunds

doesn't even try for the ball there"
LETS GO DEFENSE
Do we play renegade again? Lol
LETS GO DEFENSE!
That the hold lol
Prevent defense
We are getting held like crazy no calls
They gonna score....
THE TIME THE TIME
Where’s the hold!?
LETS GO DEFENSE
Holy deja vu
"Well Lamar failed with this opportunity, lets see how Gilbert does"
OH THANK GOD
Win
WOW
LETS GOOOO
"https://youtu.be/gf-e6c7OrGk
Every Steelers game"
Hell yeahhhhhhhhgh
I was wrong by 1 point
Can’t wait for the next two games...
LETS GOOOOO
8-0
this team gives me more scares than any horror movie I've seen
Can I get a hell yeah 😎
Let’s goooooooooo
If we lose this game I don’t wanna hear shit from anybody that were a SB team
We’re down 13-0 against a team that’s 2-6 with a fourth stringer. Oh and we’re supposedly “7-0”
"Is this the day where our season basically ends? I don't care if we go 16-0 or 9-7. With Rudolph, we won't score a point in the playoffs."
No chance he has the distance
"Lol if he couldn't make it from 54 yards he prolly won't make it from 59.

Edit: damn homie proved me wrong lmao"
"So Ben's injury looks reeeeeally likely to be and LCL injury/sprain, depending on the severity (Grade 1) he could come back, if it's higher than that idk if you can play through that and he would be out. Idk whether him playing on it was good or not, as that may mean it's either completely torn and he couldn't feel any pain, or it's a low grade sprain and he is just a beast."
Our defense is overrated. I don’t wanna hear any of you optimistic people claim we are a great team. Both sides of the ball were inconsistent and not that good
"I love that no one is defending this bullshit. It's Q3 and they continue to allow the Cowboys to drive. 

This is a loss. They can't play on offense or defense. I've lost faith in this team over one game. Like fuck. You can't even beat a fucking 4th stringer. Ridiculous."
Shut the fuck up you bastards that was a good call
We have zero intermediate passing game
You'd think we were 2-6 according to these comments
"Explain this field position. They got called for an illegal block in back at around their own 20. So the ball should be on their own 10.

&#x200B;

edit. They just showed the replay. It was the Dallas 15 yard line. Penalty is supposed to be from the spot of the foul not the end of the play. So it should  have been half the distance and ball on about the Dallas 7. They were off by like 60 yards."
I called that long throw. Dumbass Ben. He cannot complete the long throws
Rudolph is fuckin' terrible.
RUDOLPH SUCKS RECTUM
Losing 13-6 at halftime to a team that’s 2-6 with their FOURTH stringer playing. Take it as you want but we aren’t that good
Steelers couldn't beat my sons pop Warner team due to steelering. Our coaching staff is absolute trash. This is getting old.
They are going to FG us to death because our offense is absolute trash
This team fucking sucks lol
Is this game thread more dramatic than usual? Or has it been that long since we've had a bad game?
I've seen enough Dionte for one season.
Won’t win any playoff games with this offense.
We’re really about to lose to the fucking cowboys
I know it looks we are gonna win but I have a really bad feeling about this
No FG attempt?  What a fucking BUM ASS coach!!!!
"god damn I miss Zeke on my Buckeyes...

Snatched defeat from the jaws of victory today boys. Don't even care that we won, the asterisk next to that ""win"" is larger than the fucking numbers. good lord I hope they figure out the play calling and special teams because that shit is gonna bite us in the ass again"
"Play stupid games, win stupid prizes Dallas. 

Shouldve just let the man kick."
Gonna make a scrub look like a God
Trap
It's insane how we manage to waste timeouts after a few minutes every single game. Awesome.
SMH this defense
"People at work said I was crazy when I said this game would be closer than it needed to be, and we would likely drop it."
This is about what I expected. Typical Steelers playing down to their opponents.
Faking an injury should be a penalty
3rd and 13. Dallas about to get a TD knowing the Steelers
Room sucking Dallas dick all day like he did Baltimore last week
"Silver blue man bad


Black gold man good"
We can realistically lose out
I thought this year was different but it's the same old steelers. We may still get a first round bye but it's one and done in the playoffs
Looks like all the critics were right
OUR DEFENSE IS FUCKING GARBAGE !!!!!!!!!!
My godddddd this is sad
This is why I was worried about this game. We don't travel west well and normally struggle against the Cowboys.
Sutton give me a break you pussy.
"Oh, Chase. That’s the second today, my dude."
You gotta catch that
Man Ben just doesn't have the deep ball anymore. Sad to see.
Boswell taketh
Missed 2 extra points but made a 59 yard field goal lol
Vander Esch always seemed like a bitch to me.
That was a gift. Get off the dudes face mask
I really don’t trust Boswell. But holy shit
I don’t know if I trust Boswell to hit the game winner if it comes down to that
they're gonna run this 1st down  and then torch us over the top
"Our defense is so bad we blitzed and couldn’t get to him, and we got bailed out by the overthrow 😂😂"
"Cowboys trying so hard to lose, but we won't let them... we built different 😤😤"
WeRe GonNNa LosE tHe GaMe!!!!
They didn’t deserve this game at all. I’d be pissed with that roughing the passer if I’m a cowboys fan.
The refs looked really good in the 4th quarter vs. the Cowboys.
If we made one PAT and hit that FG it would be game over. Thanks Boz
7-1.
Real steeler fans here smh
I hate to say trap game....but....
Ben Vick lol
I hate Romo lmao
Why throw it into double coverage? Ben is so inaccurate on the deep ball
"Gonna be one of those games where we hate catching the ball, eh?"
Damn Mapletron just dropped a TD
And so it begins.
Lol here we fucking go
Here we go
What the fuck...
HEF FUCKING BRADY
I think my Minkah jersey is cursed. The d seems to play sloppy every time I have it on. Take it off and boom they play better. Sigh
Lmao gonna be a long fucking day getting worked by this team because our defense has ZERO killer instinct.
Pittsburgh D: what??? The game started?? We thought this was Sunday night game.  We better get a sack.
We made the stop. Cmon let’s go people
Did Ben tell out what the play was gonna be there?
This is sad lol
Y'all need to stop worrying only 3 drives into the game. Come on now.
McCloud must be injured.
about time Ben started calling the plays
Is Conner hurt again??? Why isn’t he out there I literally just traded for him in one of my fantasy leagues....
"Sometimes I look at Randy Fichtner and I think 'yes'.

But most of the time I look at him and I think 'why'?"
Uninspiring.
"Honestly we were overdue for a classic trap game. What is this, a 4th string QB?"
This is the Tomlin special
Jesus christ can we get our shit together
"7-0 is a fluke, huh? I mean come on. What are they doing?"
Can we just never play another toilet team ever again? Besides the Browns and Bengals
Every stillers fan feeling like Cassandra right now.
"Don’t why anyone thought we were going to blowout the cowboys, I mean we only beat the broncos by 4"
#pretenders
This is normal. Don’t worry.
Um...
"Thankfully for me, my happiness died when Virginia Tech lost to Liberty yesterday.  You can't hurt me this time Steelers."
THERE WAS A FALSE START
Cowboys gonna run up the score. LMAO. Ben getting to break records.
Neutral observer. Connor looks like he's running in slow motion. He isn't good.
Lol cowboys showed up to play!
True Steelers game right here
bro what the fuck.
Wow fml
Ok maybe we are gonna lose
What the fuck is this commercial
I’m so fucking tired of this.
I guess Ben likes to fight from being behind.
Ben has no deep ball this year it's sad.
Ben only throws bombs nowadays to bait DPIs
and now we are fucked. GG guys.
The wheels on the bus come falling off... falling off... falling off.
Lol.
Why is it when we tank. The entire fucking team tanks
fuckin boz come on son
Freaking Boz
Lucky we are not down by two+ scores
"Just play Rudolph and sit Ben. If he isn’t badly hurt, fingers crossed, he needs to rest for the Bengals next week. This game isn’t worth it."
"lol holding, end of half."
He has the velocity of a dad at a tailgate
No zip behind that Rudolph pass.
 Fucking grab-ass
Let me guess - holding
Juju saving Mason there.
No Ben no chance
"Jesus, could mason have thrown that any slower?"
Who the hell called a turnover forcing mason to finish the half
Bring in Dobbs
Why didn’t JuJu run straight? He literally ran into the left to try and truck a defender
This is sad. Bout to be losing at half time to a 2-6 team lol
That’s too far for Boz
for once in our fucking seasons can we just play a garbage team and NOT FUCKING PLAY SHITTY
"Why do teams still do this dumb ""freeze the kicker"" shit lol it does nothing"
fake FG?
2018 Boswell back on the menu
Let’s drag this shit out longer
Just throw a Hail Mary.
Cursed score
"Boswell can make FG’s in shit conditions, but can’t make an extra point inside a dome on artificial turf? Wat"
Boz should heave it to the end zone on a fake.
Curse the Gods
Fire Randy
(I'll ask again) Can we please get a turnover?
Bud is not having a great game
Outplayed
Does TJ have a limp?
"lol, If Gingers had a soul, that dude in the stands just lost it"
I really want to know what are percentage is on the deep ball this year...
Embarrassing
They aren't gonna win this game playing like they are. They've shown they don't know what the fuck they're doing. It's the fucking Cowboys. THE FUCKING COWBOYS.
Terrible in virtually every aspect. Punting is the only positive.
"Plenty of times guys. I know it hasnt looked like it today, but this is a top O for bottom D."
Cowboys the new Raiders to us
Thats gonna cost dallas i feel like
We got this. Leggo.
"For anyone who cares about the spot on this game the Steelers were +13.5 favorites... hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
Does they not know the Steelers can’t dominate inferior opponents..."
"I just remembered, Steelers had a decent cordinator and our offense looked fun. This is debatably the most boring and bland offense in the nfl"
Holding on Ebron smh
Jujuuuuuuuuuuu
Juju is rockstar
JUJU SMITH SCHUSTERRRRR
[deleted]
Fuck this special teams coach. Leave his ass home. Trash.
Turning off. See you next weekend gang.
This game is fantastic
This is a debacle
Bruh what
FUCKING DANNY SMITH!!!
Please fire Danny Smith. The special teams play is pitiful.
are run defense is trash without bush
Which team is 2-6 again
You’d think that you’d want to avoid kicks being returned when playing a team with John Fassel as the ST coach. But we’re the Steelers so we need Big Brain plays
"WHAT FUCKING TEAM IS THIS? 

I swear that we don't practice for bad teams. We think we're to good and just ignore them. I'm fucking over this kind of play. Someone needs a foot in the ass, and it needs to start with our coaches."
"Seriously what are we doing on defense this entire game, no pressure, no run stop, no pass stop. It's crazy"
FUCKING FLAG
Game over
Great now we get it on the 1... fitz couldnt just take a knee
"Get your shit together, Nantz."
FTLOG please let us make a deal for the Jets first round pick.
Game over?
Vander Esch is a bitch for that punch
What a piece of shit. Wtf
Let’s run the ball a little
VANDER ESCH JUST TOSSED A PUNCH
Possible ejection??
Yo Wtf Vander straight punched
"Thad Castle losing it out there.  Understand why BMS never won a Natty with him as captain.

Alex Moran for life!!!"
What does “outside the numbers” mean?
actually cut this whole special teams unit. they almost blocked that shit AGAIN
We can’t stop them.
The blitz just isn’t working. Surprisingly this qb is picking it to bits.
This isn't good
Plenty of time. 3 time outs and 2 min.  Bens moving the ball.  All we need to fg.
Ik they let those go and Ik AB def did it a shit ton but I hate how coop only got separation there cause he pushed off
I actually have a heart problem so I think this might be my last Steelers game
Fuck you clay poo
Can’t win em all
"Of fucking course Ben throws it poorly.

Edit: it okay"
3 and out. Typical Steelers
How are they not calling the grab and shove on Claypool there?
"Announcer: I can’t believe it. 

Me either. I can’t believe it. Let’s not shit away these 4 downs too."
"Yes, throw 3 straight balls to the guy who has dropped almost all of them today lol"
right in the face.
"That wouldn’t get called 15 years ago, but it was to the face, so I agree with the call in 2020"
Man I love the Steelers and all but that roughing the passer call is horrible for the league
Claypool needs to catch with his hands not his body
don't know why JUJU isn't getting targeted....this isn't Chase's game right now.
Claypool could've reeled that in.  That's like the third catchable ball he didnt handle
"Almost want to claim Randy is calling good plays,  we just can't execute... but fuck Randy anyway"
"if i were a ref and a coach came up to me and started losing his shit all the time, id flag him. i get being grumpy but damn have a little composure."
"we dont deserve this win if we get it. That call on ben's facemask is technically correct, but holy shit is that a bail out call."
DO NOT TRUST OUR DEFENSE
Scored too quickly. I've seen this before.
CUMSHOT BABY!
We sucked ass today but got the dub.. all that matters
Oh look. We're running it.
**8-0 YOU FUCKERS HAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**
I'm not relaxing with this down to special teams.
IM FUCKING DONE
Tomlining
Watch us lose on a Tebow to Demaryius thomas slant route
WHYYYYY
Heel was out of bounds
"If we lose, it will be on Tomlin alone"
Lmao. Incoming td and tomlin won’t say anything meaningful about that decision.
Cmon tj....
Thanks for the heart attack Tomlin
Every fucking week...
i’m ashamed right now
hahahahah none of the fucking Steelers look like they're gonna win hahahhaa
YOOOOOOOOOO
Our defense is SO FUCKING OVERRATED
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Our defense is so bad. WE ARE NOT THE BEST DEFENSE IN THE LEAGUE
Yup. 100% trap game incoming.
This defense isn’t good.
"Don't worry guys, some crazy ass splash play will happen to save these sorry ass coaches from being blamed for how awful at football they are."
Ben shoulda retired so we could have gone and got someone with this defense.
So Boswell is making 59 yarders and missing multiple extra points in a game. Sounds like Harrison Butker
"Pathetic, Tomlin. Absolutely pathetic."
"Does the Steelers defense know the word “consistency”? Play well one week and play like shit against the fucking Cowboys of all teams

Edit: as soon as I said that there was an INT...my comments never age well"
Is it just me or does Johnson suck once he catches the ball? He tries to do way too much
LMAOOO WE REALLY BOUTA LOSE
Lmao. This team is a first round exit
WHY TF DO YOU NOT CALL A PLAY BEFORE THE 2 MINUTE WARNING. LITTLE SHIT LIKE THAT IS JUST STUPID.
Please stop playing down to the competition
Maybe Ben should fucking practice more during the week. This wasting the entire first half shit is garbage
Apart from awful play calling I know this is unheard of on the forum but Ben has been slight avarage. Just above duck and Rudolph. But that’s not saying much. We should go back to short passes for 3-4 yards out quick and just tied the shit out of them.
I don’t see the issue. We’re playing like a Tomlin coached team
Probably gonna be a three and out here because why not lol.
FUCK THIS CRACKA CLAYPOOL GO BEAT HIS ASS
This is the worst defense we’ve had this decade
REFBALL
We dont deserve to win lol
"Steelers are so bad, fire Tomlin, fire Fichtner, fire Rooney, fire Heinz, fire the Allegheny, and fire the Primanti brothers.  And Ben should retire!!!"
This is a one and done team
Strength of schedule finally showing
I just want ONE bad season so we can fire this entire garbage coaching staff
We should trade for Fitzpatrick even if Ben's okay lul.
Tank and hopefully we can get a low teens pick
"Typical game thread. Y'all know teams don't go undefeated, right?"
Fuck that white fool
The sad thing is this isn't even the least bit surprising. If this Steelers team can't beat this absolute dirty toilet of a Cowboys team just pack it up for the year cause they're not beating the Chiefs either.
"Absolute meltdown, what the fuck"
That was a fucking false start
Having McCarthy as HC looking fucking sexy rn
I’m so fucking done
Mike Tomlin will not win coach of the year because for some reason he can’t beat the absolute worst teams in the league. This game is over in the first half for good coaches. Instead we are down two scores to a high school team.
Hahahahahahahaha
Romo is royally pissing me off
"Chick fil-a advertising on a day they're not even open, lmao"
Maybe that'll wake your ass up ben.
Ben can’t throw deep anymore. No one in the league will respect it.
TAKE HIM OUT
We aren’t that good
That looks like that outside of the knee. Looks like an MCL.
"Special Teams, Defense, Offense. All horrible. All fucking terrible."
"DUCK DYNASTY 

Is Hodges still with the organization?"
This team needs to get it's fucking shit together. This is so fucking ridiculous.
Wait why didn’t Dallas just decline the penalty?
Good teams don't lose to shit teams. Take it for what it's worth.
Yikes losing to the cowgirls
Still think we’ll win.
Wtf chase
Claypool more like claypoopypants
What the fuck boz
When we lose by 2 I might cry...
THIS TEAM FUCKING SUCKS HORSE COCK.
We lost
"We can't score here, offense is terrible and we'll be at the 5 or some shit because Minkah wanted to run it for some reason lol"
How did Rudolph do?
Claypool you bum
[deleted]
 Call me crazy but I go for it
stupid motherfuckers. take the field goal.  seriously.
We don't really deserve to win this one so whatever happens happens
"I want the Steelers to win, but that was a bullshit ""unnecessary roughness"" call."
Yep. We're Steelering already.
And so begins the Steelering
We always play down to our opponents
Mahomes is going to pick this defense apart. I’m really not looking forward to it
This dude is better than Ben
"It's the NFL, you're going to concede some points no matter what. I'm not super worried about the defense just yet. 

I'm a bit more concerned our QB is washed and we're stuck with his buddy OC."
Worst coaching in the league. Always shows in these type of games
Classic Tomlin coached team. Underprepared as usual
"59 yards ahahahahaha just go for it instead
Edit: fuck ok then"
Should the Steelers have drafted Jalen Hurts or Jacob Eason to replace Mason Rudolph?
May as well onside kick it because Tomlin and Butler are morons and can’t stop a nosebleed on defense
"Nice, ball at the 2 yard line. We ain’t driving 98 yards 😂😂"
off topic but our team needs cheer leaders
Yeah my brother and I are both yelling at them to stop celebrating. You're losing to the 2-6 Cowboys. You have ZERO room to do any celebrating.
I've been pissed at Pittsburgh for voting in Joe Biden but if we go 8-0 I'll forgive the city
[removed]
"It’s funny to see the Tomlin apologists squirm. It’s never Tomlin’s fault. As much as I hate seeing the Steelers lose, watching the apologists reach to blame everyone but Tomlin is quite comical. 

Tomlin develops the game plans with the coordinators, you doofuses"
I said the Super Bowl hope was done once Bush was done for the year. That’s looking pretty accurate at this point.
Tomlin should be fired for incompetence if they lose this game. There is no way you worry about a guy blocking a fg. Go up 8 and win the game.
"Lol, here we go, the Mike Tomlin special. Coach the team to try and coast and get eaten alive by a shit team."
"Cmon Tomlin, tell me you prepared this team"
Doesn’t matter if the Steelers come back or not. The defense has big weaknesses that they can’t make up for and they’re coached by a jackass who doesn’t know how to use his best players. I don’t see how this team can stop Mahomes or score enough to keep up with him. Any top 10 QB dismantles the secondary.
[deleted]
Mike Tomlin thinks this is acceptable.
He just missed a 54. Why not do a Hail Mary.
Interception from Ben is kind of our way now. Or juju 50 years run after catch to fumble
Say what you want but my negativity is a game winning formula lol. It's like it kicks the Steelers into high gear.
"This is what I get for thinking that 10-0 was possible after beating the Ravens. I should have known better.

Steelers gonna Steeler."
Wow we fucking suck
LMAO SOMEONE TELL ME WE ARE A SUPER BOWL TEAM
I'm sorry but Tomlin is at fault for what I've seen so far I love the guy but there's no reason we should be down 10. Fucking embarrassing
Not a SB team
[deleted]
Oh shit is it 30 seconds left in the 4th? No?  Stfu cry baby whiners.
About time we lost tbh
"Thank god we have a defense lol. That 7-0 is a bit misleading. Offensively, last week and today, we’ve been dreadful. Might have had more offense last year and that’s saying something."
Sit Ben. Rudolph got this.
We need a new kicker next season
WE SUCK!
How in the FUCK does offsetting penalties not result in playing whatever the outcome of the down was.
So we are gunna believe he can make it from 5 out? LOL
"I’m happy, but the false start on a kick rule is dumb."
Remember when people were saying this team was “special”
Lmfao fuck this garbage. I have to go watch Arizona v Miami. At least that game is a real fucking game.
Claypool looking like a bum this game
IF we win this they should take it away because we don't deserve it lol
"Literally 1 step forward 2 steps back EVERY PLAY, this team that showed up today’s not getting past the divisional win or lose"
Johnson has no moves at all this dude stinks
This team is so fucking overrated lol
TOLD YOU GUYS WE ARENT THAT GOOD
AMERICA'S TEAM IS GOING DOWN
Steelers will win by 50 lol
Elliot continues to run all over us
Terrible
FUCK
Lol I can't believe he they just marched 65yds. Good on Highsmith to hold it to 3 but I am dissatisfied.
"Remember in the Water Boy when they are playing in the Bourbon Bowl and in the first half and Louisiana defense is dominating the Muddogs because they are reading the  “Football for Dummies” that Coach Kline uses?  That’s how it feels when Fichtner gets in 2nd and 3rd and long. Defense knows exactly what play he is going to call.  Really annoying.  We have so many weapons, wish we could do some imaginative plays more."
Jesus
This special teams has no idea what they’re doing
Don’t let Fucktner call a fucking play again.
Enjoying seeing AntMac out there. A lot
It’s happening
Is Conner hurt?
Yikes. This is big bad.
They are dominating us
Why do I feel like we didn’t prepare this game whatsoever?
WE FUCKING SUCK
This is pathetic
Fire everyone
Garrett Gilbert was signed two weeks ago off the AAF and the Cowboys have a historically bad defense. AND the the Cowboys o line only has 1 starter in.
You guys are mad at what I’m saying but cannot deny we do not look like a JV team
I wonder when we’re going to wake up
Bengals and Jags next two weeks after this. We could've started 10-0 smh
"Welp, here we go. Wondering when we would shit the bed against a bottom barrel team, in classic Tomlin era Steelers fashion... we were a bit overdue for it so far this season, but looks like here it is..."
We look like a fucking high school team.
Stop letting Fichtner call the plays now. Jesus Fuck
Wtf
Hahahahabahabababababahahahahahahahajajahahahahahahajahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Hahahahahahahaahhaa. If we lose Randy should be fired...
Garbage
"If you watched this game and were told one team was 7-0 and one was 2-6, you would not be surprised.  If you were told WHICH team was 7-0 vs 2-6 you would be shocked."
no block in the back on that??? what the actual fuck
Someone definitely needs thrown out on their ass. This is fucking so fucking stupid. Fuck this team
What the fuck lmfao
He can’t even hit a drag route?
Guys have some faith
[deleted]
Maybe I just never noticed before but are there more commercials than normal this year?
If he’s hurt the seasons over
Get him out
They best draft a solid QB in the offseason
We have mason if we need him.
If Ben is hurt Trade for Darnold NOW
Boo boo Ben
Worshington!!!
Would have been nice to have some plays like these 25 minutes ago.
Lol fail on all three phases today. Of course hed miss the extra point. Lofl
the gasp I just let out
That should not have worked
c'mon rudy
Probably holding
"That was lucky, maybe."
"Calling blocked FG for TD now

Edit: Glad it was wrong, just felt inevitable"
I hate his stupid face
What is this fucking josh scoby
NOBODY should be surprised.
Hahahahahaha
Oh mama
Announcers on my stream saying Ben isn’t coming back...?
BRO WTF
This defense sucks all around but the run defense is particularly egregious
Steven Nelson needs to be cut. Wasn’t even close to tackling Zeke
lol.  Pitiful today.  I guess they need a loss to come back down.
So the defense was other teams playing down to us. Noted.
Whoever sent Ben in early needs to make an apology to every Steeler.
I believe it tony
"Okay, backyard Ben time right guys?"
Neil O'donnell!!!!
Right through the wickets
"Hey Bince, make a fucking play."
Fuck sake.
Of course
JuJu worrying about his celebration
"Well. We are losing in all 3 phases, especially special teams. We are gunna have to own this if we lose. We looked pretty flat all around. No excuses"
I wish I could take back all that effusive praise I’ve been heaping on this run defense.  I feel like a damn fool.
FUCK THESE REFS MAN
FUCK MY ASS MINKAH
Now they gonna call PI lmfao
Why is ben telling receivers what to run. How do we have 0 plays
Ejection time
"Personal foul, fuck Dallas"
Vander Esch dirty bastard
"Man, should they go for this?"
Maybe stop blitzing the QB?
Our CB’s are atrocious tonight
Our defense is not the best defense in the league please stfu if you actually think it is
DPI?
fucking whew
I think dionte was out of bounds there...but I’m happy about it.
Stop being a crybaby Tony
too much time. im nervous.
Fuckkkk defense
Defense get your shit together
[deleted]
I hate Tony Romo...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is anyone really surprised ? I’ve said we aren’t that good lol do not be surprised
[removed]
Boswell = Josh Scobee???
This team fucking sucks. Nobody defend them. They can hardly even beat the Cowboys.
[deleted]
Tomlin may be the dumbest head coach on the he f’ing planet. He’s rah rah AF but my god is he dumber than a sack of bricks. Got soooo lucky.
I think I’m willing to accept Ben has no deep ball anymore
This offense is embaressing
[removed]
"Tonight, on Days of Our Steelers.


But wtf is wrong with Ben?"
This would be the worst 8-0 team in NFL history
James Connor fucking stinks
"Remember when all you guys were coming at me for saying we aren’t that good, defense is overrated, offense sucks, and we aren’t a SB team?"
WE ARE NOT A 7-0 TEAM
Rooney’s should honestly just throw about $15 million a year at Lincoln Riley and see what he says. Tomlin ain’t it. 3 playoff wins in a decade with a HOF QB. Time to go
Who knew that Garret Gilbert would be playing decent?
Ben is faking the shit out of that injury
Imagine if we had a coach that knew how to make games easier.
"If McCarthy can do this with a 4th string QB and terrible team, imagine what he could do with this Steelers team"
Putting the game back into the hands of our bottom tier defense. Gulp
"why the fuck would they take the penalty????? LMAO

ALRIGHT I GET IT THEY HAD NO CHOICE."
Fuck you claypool
Fire Tomlin at half - I’m not even joking. This is not the type of mentality and culture we need on our team.
This is going to get ugly soon.
HAHAHAGA
Best D in the league stayed in the locker room.
Let the playing down begin
Fucking cowards
Wow were really not that good lol I do not see us beating the Chiefs or Seahawks
[deleted]
Im just chilling today. Wanna win but dont matter either way lol
Fucking bums. I guess they are taking the week off.
Can we just take the L and end the game here? Save us all some time?
Tomlin did absolutely nothing to prepare this team I see. Probably told them it was a guaranteed W
[deleted]
WE ARE NOT A SUPER BOWL TEAM
Cancel the season
I’m gonna switch off
Landry Jones sighting.
WHY THE FUCK DIDNT WE GET JAMEIS GOD FUCKING DAMN
Terrible throw.
"Boz going back to his old ways does not fare well for us, this reminds me all to much of the raiders game."
Our run d has been really questionable recently
How did this team beat the ravens and titans lol
Another Ben overthrow.
"Hits a 59 yarder. 

“Misses” two PATs"
Ben’s accuracy is worse than Helen Keller throwing the football.
[deleted]
3rd and 10? Automatic conversion incoming
Wtf boz
Cut Steven Nelson. Please
Boswell is so garbage lol
[deleted]
"I’ve been a Steelers fan for looonnngggg time and when the inferior team gets big plays off early, we take a L. I’ve seen it too many times but let’s have faith y’all."
UNBELIEVABLE.
Do you all realize that the coordinators meet with the Head Coach every week and talk about the game plan? It’s Tomlin’s fault. It always is.
Season is over
Seasons over
Watt has been a worthless addition
thas gonna be a hold on us.  EDIT: nm glad im wrong. just expect them to call shit on us always.
FUCK MIKE TOMLIN
You guys are all saying it was a bad Tomlin call cause he’s black! /s
There’s people out there that still think Mike Tomlin is a top 5 head coach lmfao
Ben looks bad as usual.
I think those Tomlin apologists and truthers might be quiet after tonight.
We are the worst team in the NFL
WE ARE NOT THAT GOOD!!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't think we've ever deserved to lose more than right now.
"nobody is going to say anything about the BS roughing the passer that was called on ben, but the horse collar on gilbert was a legit play? Gimme a fucking break. How can you be this obvious as a ref and get away with it?"
Now Elliot begins running all over us. We are so fucked
[deleted]
Just call the game man. Give us the loss for a bye week. I'd rather that than watch the rest of this shit
Boswell just made me break two of my controllers. Dumb fuck
I hate Mike Tomlin
guaranteed turnover touchdown for Dallas right here....
TOMLIN IS A BAD COACH
They continue to run all over us. How sad is remit their third String QB can have a TD in their opening drive and ours overthrows receivers and kills the drive
You guys look like hot garbage tonight
See you guys next year
Ben bailing Tomlin out again. 13th year now
It’s not the players. Tomlin just sucks
"This game is over. Our offense can’t stop with lame incompletions, and their QB can complete those."
[deleted]
Our season is over
Put in Mason. This game is over anyways.
"should have declined, bitches lol"
"Cowboys fan here. Refs won this game for you, which is sad cause we’re absolutely terrible."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"Haden: ""I. Don't. Lift. WEIGHTS."""
[removed]
Bilasport.net
[removed]
Nflbite
""
Thats awesome. Let’s beat dem boys.
"*everyone liked that* (except ravens fans, they’re still a little grumpy)"
"[LOUDER!!!](https://gifer.com/en/3BL)

Edit: Look at all those upvotes she/he is getting you!?!"
Aw what a cutie. Hope we can't win this old guy a Lombardi in February.
Oh love!!!
What a sweet dog!
Hey that’s my blanket.
"Hey, that's a dog from Far Cry 5!"
And another 14!
""
damn those are clean asf
I hope Big Ben knows the spidey patterns...
""
Have fun! Go Steelers!
"Ah family rivalry, I know it too well! Have fun!!"
Your hands have fur
How many Steelers fans?
I always love watching the Steelers play the Cowboys because I get to see my two favorite teams play: #1 - The Steelers and #2 - whoever is playing Dallas this week.
"Good for you man!

I hope you both enjoy the experience -cheers :)"
Is that the actual towel over your face? That’s gotta be hard to get air in lol
Enjoy it guys!
Damn super lucky. I yet to see my first game
Glad his boys have a good show!
"Nothing worse than your little brother gloating when you’re down early, I just know he was loving it!! 

Family rivalries are always fun games, hope you guys had fun!"
"My wife bought us tickets for this game, but then COVID happened :( I hope you guys had a blast!"
"You’re a good big bro.  
At first I thought you had tattoos on your knuckles.  Then I realized it’s genetic lol."
"I did this back in 2018 with my brother! He’s a Rams fan, and I’m a Packer fan...

0/10, would not recommend 😕"
Awesome dude. Hope you guys had a good time.
Aww! So cute!
Sorry you chose today
[removed]
"What a game! Wow, at least it wasn’t a blowout for y’all. 

How do two brothers end up fans of different teams? Very curious lol"
Rae you Roy's brother?
My brother is raven fan.
""
"I know it’s a cowboy hat but this has major *tips fedora* energy.

Love the jersey doe"
Never too early for Christmas!
James Conner having a bit of a look there 👀
"From Pittsburgh, moved to Foxboro, Ma (haha I held my own as a Steeler fan!), moved to Denver (I still hate the color orange to this day lol), now I’m in New Hampshire. It’s so fun to see how many Steeler fans there are all over the US (and world 🌎)!!! Love it!"
Go Steelers!
Try israel.
""
The cowboys always wear white uniforms
Because everywhere is a home game for us 🙌🏼
Cowboys home colors are white and steelers away is also white
Because we own the cowboys ;)
I googled this once. Dallas always wears white at home so the opposing team wears their own full colors. It was an ownership decision back in the day so that fans in Dallas didnt see the same exact blue vs white every home game.
Home team gets to pick their jerseys.
Cowgirls always wear white at home
[removed]
Because it's 3rd and 8 and he likes the extra cushion.
"Two Super Bowl rings, not a single season of his career (as a starter) without a winning record, a slam dunk HOF resume, and an undefeated record this season -- all by doing what he's good at.

That's why."
i mean if claypool had 1 more step on him that’s a td and he just trying to show off his bionic arm
Defense should be trying to prevent a 1st down so it should be a good opportunity to take a shot. Risk/reward
Rather it be thrown over than under
Better than an INT...
Big Ozzy Osbourne fan 🤔
Because our play calling is fucking retarded as shit for the first 2 quarters every fucking game. We like to play down to opponent skill and play catch up. Dumb as shit.
""
"https://shop.steelers.com/pittsburgh-steelers-mens-nike-lightweight-repel-jacket

This looks like it is it, out of stock rn though"
That looks like the color rush hoodie
Moin moin Meister
"Are you in PIT now?

Try these official stores if so... https://shop.steelers.com/store-locator

DM me if you need a hand."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jqk3zu)"
"There was a slight hold, but he has to make that play anyways. Ben put that in his hands, doesn't get much better than that."
Still should’ve been caught
No. It was decent coverage and then it just went through Claypool’s hands
[removed]
[removed]
It’s the first quarter let’s relax lol
This is embarrassing as hell
[deleted]
some times i wonder if randy finds his plays on madden rookie mode
R.E.L.A.X.......relax
Lmao right!
Im tryin lolol gooosefrabaaaaaa
"Right! Its like goddamn just play steeler football and theyll be fine. Its like watching the election every sunday! Heart attack, calm, heart attack, calm. Need some blood pressure medicine just for game day."
Yeah fucking pathetic.
This is designed pkaycalling to throw off future essentials games
[removed]
Houston wont be cutting Watt.  They’ll trade him
We dont need a dozen half assed posts on this
"I could see this only if JJ watt REALLLLLLY wanted to play with his brothers and thought we  Pyle win a Super Bowl next year. conspiring with his family to get an organizational wink and nod to know they will trade for him, and then JJ not show up to camp and force a trade. trade to Steelers for a 4th round or later, and then JJ negotiates an extension and renegotiated his salary to lower than Bud wants. If we somehow go all the way or even just the AFC title game, Bud will be out of the realm of affordability given our other signings. JJ would basically need to be had for 6-7mil a year at absolute maximum"
[deleted]
""
Run run pass kick*
i hate randy with all my life. we would be the best offense if ben called the plays
I mean we use the puff puff pass at my house so...
There is no bigger myth in football (especially in the modern game) than “run to set up the pass.” Especially nowadays with all of these RPOs where you’re just trying to get a numbers advantage
"*Ben throwing passes on first and second downs*

Steelers fans: wHy RuN rUn PaSs"
"I’m fine with run run pass, if you don’t go with your rookie who is 5’8” 208lbs and use your actual starting veteran RB who is 6’1” and 229lbs. Don’t sub players before you have the game secured..."
I want our OC to be fired. Ben is a better OC by miles. We were so efficient when he was calling plays. The OC sucks he is awful I can't stand him.
Still don't know why they didn't kick a field goal at the end....
"Lol it’s “pass, pass, pass” right now. Wtf is going on."
"Just run the 07’ Patriots Offense.  Quick Pass, quick pass, quick pass, bubble/smoke, a surprise run, another quick pass, and then chuck one long."
this isn't even what happened. Idk what fucking games this sub watches I feel like I'm in a different reality on gameday half the time
Conner hurt btw?
"Why do they have to wait till the second half to turn it on though? Its like, okay...I guess we will play some football now."
"The offense is seemingly stuck in mud almost every game until the team gets behind or Ben is allowed to go no-huddle and dictate the playcalls and pace. 

If I wanted to watch Run-Run-Pass, I’d watch a Kent Graham-led Steelers team."
"Pass to Lead, run to win. No need to fabricate balance that isn’t going to be there."
"Dunno, it gets us into a hole where we go with an empty backfield playing Ben ball which I'm alright with."
"And why on the 4th and 1 last offensive play for the Steelers, do they do a sweep run? Run offense wasn't working at all. Short passes were working for the most part. Clock is going to stop for change of possession regardless so incomplete pass is inconsequential. If you're not going to kick a field goal at least do what brought you success the whole game."
"Can i say 1 thing tho: IDK if it is Ben or Fichtner, but the ""fuck it chuck it deep and pray for a DPI"" wasn't working for us this game."
[removed]
Not happening we always blow easy games we should win.
"I mean I’d like it if that happens, unfortunately the Steelers love to play down to the competition (no offence)"
tbh i wouldn’t be surprised if we win by like a last sec field goal
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
[removed]
"Every game man, love that catch up football. And love playing down to opponent skill. Call stupid fucking plays until halftime then randy sphincter decides to do his job and call a decent play or three."
"Damn, I forgot the Steelers have never overcome a slow start to win a game in franchise history. We’re fucked"
AMEN.
What if we fired Randy Fichtner?
They have a long history of it. I actually like Dallas' chances of winning. And that sucks to say.
[removed]
There are 2 and a half quarters left. Relax
"Too busy making tiktoks.

Here for the downvotes of course:

Adjustments at the half is where our coaching staff will get this fixed. 

Shouldn’t have to, but that is what will do it."
[removed]
Ben just needs to call the plays
"Weren't all 3 to mcfarland too? pathetic

still a lot of time left"
run run pass sick of it
Here we go again
Are we completely unaware of how many great receivers we have??
They've also ran up the middle on 2nd and 10 and 2nd and 14
Third and 4? Let’s run the draw out of a spread formation that hasn’t worked all year
Fire the staff on a 7-0 team.  Brilliant.
Yeah you're retarded or something
Your a joke
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
She's a cutie!! ☺️
What a little angel!
[deleted]
"Lots of people are whining.  Other than that, not much."
How? Simple playing down to competition
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
You called it
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
This is the most Steelers shit I've seen in a while.
This is the way
Bold of you to assume Mike Tomlin can beat a team with a losing record
""
Steelering.
it’s steelers football come on u should’ve known this
First time?
This is peak Steelers.
"We ALL knew this was coming. If you didn't see this coming, you haven't been paying attention the last 10 years or so"
"Honestly it’s bad play calling, they kept trying to force the run first half Ben didn’t have many chances to get going"
"Exactly, always playing down to the competition smh."
What asshole is calling these plays?
It was a win. Poor run offense. Missed tackles. Or maybe they're just trying to give their fans heart attacks every week?
We’re second half hussies
Sums it up
"What happened to our run game? Holy lord. We've got Ben, how about we pass the ball a bit in the first quarter to open it up more."
At least they’re not losing these games like they usually do.
Here’s the good news. We usually lose these trap games.
Exactly what I thought when we didn’t kick the field goal at the end...
"You can call me a homer. I am.
But the refs kept this pretty close too. 
Since when can a DB tackle the receiver with the ball in the air?
Plenty of blame for Offense, defense and special team, though.
Just glad to be bitchin about a win."
"Was it a bad game (gmt+2 time, falled asleep in the first quarter)"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
""
Coaching
[removed]
Standard is the standard
"Relax brother, still have a whole ass half and it’s a one score game"
[removed]
I love 2nd and 14 runs!
Standard is the standard. Rhythm and flow
"Is it really a Steelers game?

We’re going to fuck shit up in the second half."
the sun doesn’t want us to win too🤦🏾‍♂️
Why the fuck did I decided to post this when Ben got hit...
if he’s hurt i’m jumping off a cliff. awww fuck he in the locker room i can’t do this shit again i can’t watch a magical raindear and a duck throw again
Coaching
""
We better be!
If dogs is descended from wolves then why is there still wolves
Just don't let that dog drive tonight and we'll be okay. 8-0 you fucking yinzers.
we're a 4th quarter team
"Funny, I thought we were a 1st half team that coasted?"
Not anymore.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
I think he'll be good. Even if he needs a cpl weeks
Quack?
Are you happy? You jinxed it for the entire team
yeah fuck that guy aheh
Damn buddy you’re sooooo right why some people simply can’t shut up?
"https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jqlglu/i_take_full_responsibility/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=mweb

Get em!"
Quack??
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"He can be a lot of things depending on the week. Legend, yeah most days. Soft ass bitch, never."
"Lets see how bad it is. I firmly believe that in increasing order of power, these are my preferred Ben statuses:

Normal Ben
Bearded Ben
Fat, bearded Ben
Fat, bearded, slightly-injured Ben

He hasn’t gained his winter weight yet, but he does usually play better with a slight injury. 

Here’s hoping it’s not too serious."
I said to myself that our qb was a badass for this
If is serious a potential SB season is already gone
""
I pray to god he comes back. That looks like acl man.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Is he okay what are they saying I had to leave my house
Fitzmagic as back up??
[removed]
Randy was hired by Ben. He goes when Ben goes
"Fichtner is ass, always has been. The team plays best when Ben takes control."
Not anymore he’s not
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
He’s back...
That one drive was 2019 all over again.
"When are the Steelers going to invest in a good backup QB? WTF! This kid just doesn’t have it, he knows it, the Steelers know it and the world knows it."
Great meme thanks for the laugh
My heart can't take these close games!   Pittsburgh Dad is going to have a heart attack!
"The Cowboys have a third stringer throwing ropes.  Just get a kid who can stretch the field a little, sheesh."
Any reindeer or duck can replace Ben perhaps we can have something decent with Dobbs that ofc is out ....smh
Mark Malone Junior
Oh nowwwww we’re all done with Rudolph
Yo honestly can we trade for Gilbert? Gimme anyone else
Why are we not starting dobbs over him????
We deserved more. We deserved Duck...
Way better than duck or dobbs. Lots of backups suck btw
Jesus christ. Every single game you fuckers love to bitch and moan about everything. Kid went 5-3 with 13 TDs on his rookie season with one of the shittiest offensive squads we've had in decades. Cut him some slack and stop talking trash about your own team like we're the Jets or some shit.
"The coaches obviously are keeping him around for a reason, you cannot judge a player based off 3 throws and we definitely have one of the top tier coaching staffs in the league. He didn’t play too bad until the concussion then his pocket awareness just became trash and he was afraid to get hit. I’ll give him another shot."
He deserved to get his chrome thunked
That's a weird picture of Tomlin 🤔
""
Why celebrate you are losing!!
[deleted]
[removed]
The gods have spoken! You are hereafter banned from Steelers Nation and should perish rooting for the Jets
With a duck Hodges flair. What a horrible oersin
Quack
"I won’t hold you accountable. 

Unless you *want* me to ;)"
"Yep, when mason went in, I thought of this post"
Fuck you
[deleted]
"Made me chuckle, then sad"
Indeed it is
[removed]
Mods - can we delete trash posts like this?
Quack
“Don’t shit post” is literally the first rule.
Ill fucking take some upvotes now. Docs reporting MCL (knee) sprain.
Ill try no promises though.
""
[removed]
"I’m here, I would donate my life. I’m so sad"
already on it and i got my right arm to give just in case
[deleted]
[removed]
""
"He is only speculation, and his prediction just mirrors what the official reports already said."
thank god but that first half was a disaster on all fronts
Walked out of the tunnel without a limp. Looks like he's coming back in
Thank god it’s not a tear
I accept to lose this match with the cowgirls if Ben is good
#magictape
[deleted]
""
😂😂😂
r/angryupvote
Now is not the time for memes and things of that nature
""
[removed]
The fact that we lost to Ryan Mallett haunts me.
[deleted]
He is back after being evaluated and is good to go
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
No the ball was un-catchable.
[removed]
[removed]
Why in the world do we keep dropping TJ and Bud in coverage? They are the best pass rush duo in the league and it feels like we are not using them to their potential.
Robert Spillane on CeeDee Lamb is the most insane thing I've ever seen. Whatever is causing this needs to stop.
It’s because of the formations and shifts by the offense. We’re trying to stay in our base defense to stop the run but they’re playing with 3 WR and forcing our backers into coverage.
They’re hoping this pays off when he starts to really pressure in the 4th quarter
This is where the lack of Bush is killing us. We can’t play Nickel because their rushing game is strong and we don’t have a coverage linebacker on the team anymore.
Because they're linebackers doing linebacker things.  When we go to nickel/dime they play 'edge' which is really DE and pretty much rush all the time.  Pay attention to personnel pre-snap for both the O and D each play.  Makes the game more fun and understandable.
Because the coaching staff decided to treat this game like a preseason game.
Because Butler is a dumbass
So that the defense can’t be entirely sure weather or not they will rush which can cause confusion
Big brain butler that’s why
"Feel like the team, especially after 3 huge games are starting to look a lil bit weary and tired. 

We got a bye in week 3 but there wasn't any rest as the team practiced as normal."
No this isn’t our bye showing. This is us playing down to our competition. AGAIN
So... 5 games in a row is showing it?
"It definitely factors in, but it shouldn't matter in this game."
8-0.  We should play a pickup game during our bye week every year.
"We’re also on the last leg of a 3-game road trip and had to travel a good bit to Dallas. 

It matters. That said, Dallas still shouldn’t have been this much of a problem"
"This is by design playing, they are half speed it seems, just going through the motions. Prolly to protect themselves"
"The minute we’re double digit favorites to win game, I know there’s a 100% chance we’re gonna blow it."
[deleted]
3rd and 1 - let ‘er rip!!!
"It has been very, very bad. Every time he goes long my vagina tightens."
This the funniest Steelers meme imho.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Romo laughs in every broadcast he does.
""
This is always a great indicator of the steelers being able to win a super bowl
Coaching
