text
"TEs are barely involved through two games. 89 has been invisible and while Ebron has had a couple targets and catches, he's also shown to be a liability in blocking.

This is likely to become a serious problem as the Steelers move on to tougher opponents. TEs are key to offense flexibility and selling run threats. The Steelers barely use play action, obviously 7 is no running threat, and the OC is on the predictable side as a play caller. That means they have to out-execute the opposition on every play, since they almost never win on scheme. It's not a good sign against elite defenses."
"This is an offense that used TE’s almost exclusively for blocking and check down passes for at least a decade. Just because they signed a guy like Ebron and still have Vance, doesn’t mean they’re going change up their playbook all that much so early in the season. Especially with a veteran QB returning from a year of rehab, they’re already using a lot of new motions and misdirection handoffs/PA thanks to the input of Matt Canada. As they’ve done in the past with promising rookie receivers, I’d imagine they’ll slowly increase Ebron’s usage as a receiving threat as the season goes on. That likely goes for Derek Watt too as he continues to heal up and get the timing down on run plays, they’ll likely use him more. When Derek’s out there, they’re usually lined up in a two TE set. From those sets you can expect more play action passes to the two TE’s.

As for why there hasn’t been as much play action so far, it’s probably because play action puts your QB sitting behind a promising but still unproven offensive line waiting for downfield routes to develop. Said QB is  old and returning from a year long injury rehab. As the season continues and Ben’s durability is less off a question mark, you can expect more play action."
"I can't quite figure out common attitudes among Steelers fans.

On the one hand, one might make a good point. They paid some money to Ebron, I wish he would have more of an obvious positive impact.

On the other hand, fans can go off-the-walls bonkers with acting like the sky is falling if this minor imperfection is not fixed. ""This is likely to become a serious problem as the Steelers move on to tougher opponents."" ""It's not a good sign against elite defenses."" With an attitude like this, I imagine that if OP gets a papercut, he acts like his arm is falling off.

This is a common attitude/belief, so I'll take this opportunity to ask the OP why he shares this common attitude/belief: Why would you choose to believe that anything resembling an imperfection means that they're doomed against teams you perceive to have better ratings than the defenses they've faced already? I'm not saying that the TEs have had the impact we're hoping for, that's not the point. The point is to ask why you extend that to mean that all else the team has going for it will all be moot since, apparently, you imagine a team will somehow successfully exploit one imperfection. Know what team has an elite defense? The Steelers. And acknowledging the short fields and penalties that kept drives alive, they just allowed 21 points to Jeff Driskel. You really think an offense with Roethlisberger, these top four receivers, and now we've seen two 100 yard rushers in two different games, will struggle because of the TEs? Step back from the ledge, calm down, it's not that bad.

By all means, this could be an interesting post, and Ebron/McDonald could be an interesting discussion. But not if it comes with the air of ""It's a miracle we're not 0-2 without a perfect offense that can kill you with its WRs, RBs, *and* TEs, and we're screwed if we play anyone better!"""
"Hypothetically: why do you want to put something on tape for your next opponent that you don't have to?
The guys haven't exactly been suffering offensively the last two weeks.  This week was closer that it should have been because the refs got snippy in the second half, and the defense got hit with some series they couldn't get off the field on.  The coaching staff isn't playing fantasy, 1 point more than the other team is all you need."
"I don't disagree, but Ebron had more yards than James Washington. Third most targets on the offense yesterday"
"We have like seven viable pass catchers soaking up targets in the passing game.  Giving more of them to big, slow guys, and fewer to JuJu, Diontae, Claypool, etc...this seems like a questionable strategy to me."
"Ebrons drawing coverage away from the WRs, and Vance, while better than Ebron at blocking, isn't particular doing great either. 

Ebron's done good from my viewpoint so far, Vance not so much."
I don't see why we aren't utilizing Chase Claypool as a TE. He is a big powerful guy and having him in that position would bolster our offense in every way from what I can see. Am I missing something here?
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
I think our D is good
Alualu really impressed me yesterday
Bince is so underrated.
"Love seeing all our guys on this list, but it’s as expected after games against the giants and backup-led broncos so far. 

Let’s hope we keep it going as we get deep into the season! I have faith that our defense itself hasn’t fully gelled just yet....which is a terrifying thought for the league"
Notice how TJ is the only one with an INT and our guys combine for 6 PDs too!
Always found Vince pretty unremarkable (solid enough) but he's looked very good so far this year imo.
Jesus so many Steelers lol love it 😻
"As everyone expected, nickel corner Mike Hilton"
T.J. Watt tied for 1st in Sacks btw with Chase Young
Wheres cam heyward?
"Hey, sorry: what's TFL? I feel like I'm a veteran observer but haven't ever seen the sack stat broken down this way before so if could tell me what each is /means I'd really appreciate it!"
So Cam still has more INTs then Minkah?
"Nothing makes me laugh harder than the fact that someone traded 1s and is gonna pay Jamal Adams nearly $20m per year, and Mike Hilton would cost no draft capital and maybe at most $8m per."
I think Bush is going to be solid but Devin White is a stud
""
Your NFL leader in YPC.
"Claypool and DJ on the outside, Juju in the slot, Big Ben firing on all cylinders.."
"Man, I just love Claypool’s energy, enthusiasm, and passion for football. He seems to be a high-character, hard worker and I’m just so damn excited to watch his career unfold at Pittsburgh 🙌🏼"
This young man seems to be as positive as he is good! I want to see than big play grin week in and week out!
[deleted]
"big dude working off the defender grabbing a dime and tossing on the afterburners for a score - he is like the second coming of Plax, Martavis was the false prophet"
Its going to be so much fun watching this guy. Skies the limit
And making special teams tackles
Claypool looks like he’s going to be an absolute stud in these upcoming games
this kid is sharp and most importantly confident right off the rip. love this dude
"I am very happy for him, just wish there were fans there for him to hear the crowd erupt for his first TD. He's the real deal."
"I'll say it again... This kid is going to be special, he's tall, fast, muscular and has great hands. Our whole wider receiver and tight end core is stout and it's going to be difficult to double everyone. I'm really thinking that our offense is going to be on the field more once we tighten up a few things."
This kid is like Martavis but with a functional pair of hands and a brain.
"He has elite push off skills, almost AB like lol."
Best #11 in the league. The other one gave me 4 fantasy points this week I might just sign this one
Mapletron is warming the bench on all of my fantasy teams.  I might actually be able to sub him in on a bye week if he keeps this up.
This guy's a stud
FIRST OF MANY!
Abbotsfords' very own!
""
"Me, the biggest of brains: wanting McFarland to start"
"Keep putting Snell in and wait for him to miss an easy block... ""Ben isn't getting back up! He's grabbing his shoulder!"""
"I think the truth is both of them are too inconsistent, but Conners ball handling compared to Snell gives him the edge"
"if you take away his single long run of the game, he was 15 for 47yds.     

Snell was 3 for 5 yds.

I'm not saying that Snell is better or the answer, But i am not convinced of Connor's greatness either.  any back can break a long one and push their total to over 100.  But averaging 3 yds a carry is not going to cut it."
I have one of these for Dionte too.
"1st off, we should be thankful we have two (really three with JS) solid options at RB. No point in complaining about an abundance of riches. Second, and more importantly, Conner is the better back than Snell for a variety of reasons, which is why Tomlin will go with him when he’s healthy. JC’s pass blocking, catching, and ability to get open in a QB scramble situation are significantly better than Snell’s. JC’s bad luck with injuries the past two years has really turned y’all against him which is sad to see...let’s just hope he can stay healthy, and if he can’t, well then we’ve got Snell who is a great backup."
I think the decision will eventually get made for all of us when Conner inevitably gets hurt again.
"It was a bit annoying after Snell’s great game that they said they’d “split carries” and Snell got the ball 3 times. Also I think Benny has a better performance against the Giants than Connor did against Denver, because Connor got over half his yards on 1 play in garbage time. They should actually split carries of lot give more to Benny"
Ride the hot hand
At this point I’m ready to see what McFarland has
"Most of Conner's yards came on one play. Admittedly one big play at a big time, but regardless, he had a pretty poor-average game outside that last carry.

That said, I'll take that every day over a guy who fumbles. Snell shouldn't play until he can learn to take care of the ball. Two fumbles in two games (one of which he barely played) isn't what lead backs are made of."
[deleted]
"I think they should both continue getting snaps, the thing is even if we want Conner to start his body isn't able to take 20+ attempts a game, he runs way too hard and he'll just get hurt."
"Listen, Steelers fans want every player to start and every player to be benched at the same time. It’s just what this sub is like"
"Late to the party, but hopefully not too late. I think the reason why Snell is not getting more snaps is because of his pass blocking. If Snell is in the game, Ben and Fichtner lose the ability to comfortably have the RB drop in pass protection. This tells the defense it will either be a run or they can blitz equal numbers and most likely gets through the RB’s assignment."
"I don't understand why we don't run RBBC if we have multiple viable starters. I haven't paid enough attention to both guys to say for sure if they're both viable, but Connor seems unreliable on his own. Party of the issue could be the line, they don't look great."
"At least conner doesn't fumble, and he can catch. He can't run though :/"
"Conner will inevitably get hurt. 

This is the way"
we are missing the right half of our line and ppl out here consistently and constantly wanting to blame James Conner - he displayed great vision on three runs (out of multiple formations too idk where ppl are getting off saying he can't run out of the shotgun when he even scored his tiddy that way) and had little to no room on most other carries
No I  am still 100 percent behind Snell
"With an amazing start to a season Dupree is looking like his last season was not a fluke. Having Dupree and Watt coming off the edge is just insane and I hope it continues like this, but if Dupree keeps his performance up is it even possible to keep him or will we not have the salary to spread around? What do you guys think?"
"Starting to think it’s very unlikely. Last season, he played well enough to justify the franchise tag price for this season. And he’s off to a just as good, if not better start. 

But Colbert has surprised us all before."
"It actually might be a possibility. The AAV of his contract might be close to the franchise tag and they’re affording it now. We’re gonna have some cap casualties regardless, but I feel like keeping Bud and TJ together should be a priority. Especially after seeing how good they’ve been to start the season."
"Finances have potential to be really, really weird in Covid World.  No point even beginning to guess."
There's no way. I feel like he's gonna be getting close to a 4 year 80 million contract with someone else.
"I think that this offseason we'll have Juju, Bud and Watt to sign. We'll be able to afford 2 of those guys, and I think even then, it'll be Watt and Juju. I think that Bud is pricing himself further out of our reach with every great game he has. 

I'd love to see the Steelers prove me wrong, though."
"Someone will have to be sacrificed for Watt's megadeal. Seeing that we just extended Heyward, Bud is most likely gone. Hoping Highsmith can use this year to learn as much as possible before he ultimately starts next year."
Not unless Ben retires.
No. Hes playing incredible again and unless he gets hurt he's not going to be in our ballpark. Even if we restructure the shit out of people we will be unable to afford him. I dont eant to lose him because he's always been an elite run stopper but since he's developed a pass rush he's as good as gone. Hope we get jima. Ring on the way out cuz dudes put up with alot of hate since he got signed
Penciling in a 3rd round compensatory pick
"I feel like playing across from Watt will lower his value a bit. Not certain that other teams will be ready to pay him top dollar. But who knows, I wouldn't exactly be surprised if a desperate team offered him an enormous deal.

In any case I honestly think it would be irresponsible to sign both Watt and Dupree to massive deals. It's too much money for one position."
"Dupree and Hilton will go. Tough, but you cannot pay everyone heavy vet contracts and tj will get his soon, Minkah too. In two to four years, Ben and Pouncey retire and it will be the first opportunity in decades to clean up the salary cap situation."
I would say no. He’s playing like a $20m kinda guy. We’ll see what the cap looks like I suppose but not a great chance
If he was on his final year and then next year his first tag... we could possibly work something out trying to roll the dice on a low cost/rookie-like QB... but Ben having another year makes Bud staying here a near impossibility after Cam's extension.
[deleted]
"I have faith that we will sign all 3. TJ. Bud. Juju

We will lose Hilton tho without a doubt"
lol nope
"Bud is gone and I’m fine with that to be honest.  The standard is the standard.  Next man up, let’s go."
"OverTheCap has us 15.9m over the cap next season, with Bud, Hilton, Sutton, AV, Feiler, JuJu, and Conner all free agents. 

99.99999% chance he's walking"
Anybody know if and when the team is rockin the color rush unis this season?
20 bucks says thanksgiving since it’s a home TNF game
"My money is on @ Dallas and the Thanksgiving night game, if we're doing it twice.

On another note, why aren't they selling more Color Rush jerseys?

I can only find a TJ Watt in sizes S and M right now online."
"Lol I have Holmes, Wallace, AB, and JuJu jerseys. Who cares if they are only on the team for a year or more. If they make an impact in the black and gold it’s worth representing them for life"
"He is always talking to his players. You see so many coaches on the sideline buried in their playsheets or just talking with assistants. Tomlin is always congratulating, teaching, and chatting with the guys.

I don't know why it took 12 years for me to notice this juxtaposition."
He's not into burying his nose in playsheets and things of that nature...
He’s probably one of the most liked coaches in the game
At the end of the day Tomlin's strength has always been his relationships with the players and his leadership. You can see that over the years the players buy in to Coach T with a few obvious exceptions.
He's a players coach for sure. Reminds me of a more well tempered pete carroll in a lot of ways.
"he’s one of the guys, i feel such a different sense of family/brotherhood with the steelers and it’s not just because they’re my favorite team. something about them has always felt different, you can tell that they all are friends and really enjoy the sense of family among one another"
""
"Santonio is one of my all time favorites. The way he left, or more accurately was sent away, combined with us getting Antonio Brown with the pick we got kinda turned him into a forgotten man. 

But I love seeing him being embraced and welcomed back over the last few years, and he always speaks positively of his time here."
""
"Hilton was everywhere yesterday. I went to the restroom at halftime and there he was, just wrapping that shit up."
"What a pathetic rep for Vannett. Wouldn't normally call out a guy like this, but [he deserves it](https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/broncos-nick-vannett-doesnt-sound-happy-about-exit-from-seahawks-or-his-time-with-steelers/) for throwing shade at the organization as ""having the wheels fall off"" when they went 8-8 without their star QB. 

I know we were trying to salvage the season, and it almost worked, but with hindsight Vannett wasn't worth anything close to the 5th round pick we traded to get him. And to think he was brought in for his skills as a blocker..."
I fucking love this guy
"Personally a huge fan of Hilton. I think he’s underrated, solid player imo"
My favorite Vannett moment yesterday was when he just randomly tripped over his own feet and fell over.
"I’ve been saying for years Hilton is basically a linebacker. Dude just provided clinic film for holding contain on the edge, forcing the RB back inside, and ripping off the block. Sick."
"Hes such a dynamic player, he just seems to come through in huge and unexpected ways consistantly.

Much love Mike, heres to a healthy productive season!"
Fuck Vannett. Dude trashed the organization after he left because he didn’t get much playing time. Hope you are happy being 0-2 ya douche.
Fuck Nick Vannett
"wow that is embarrassing lmao, cross post to nfl maybe? they like shit like this usually"
Never underestimate the leverage a short guy can get if he gets under your pads.
he's one of my fav steelers. that one game a couple of years ago where he got a hatrick of really nice sacks 😘👌
He is simply built different
this was my favorite play of the game
"Vannett thought it was a good thing he left the Steelers. We think too Vannett, we think too..."
Nick Vannett. That is a name I have not heard in a long time. Long time.
Pancaked and still made the play.
Flawless
"[mp4 link](https://j.gifs.com/BNq4zo.mp4)

---
This mp4 version is 91.69% smaller than the gif (934.76 KB vs 10.99 MB).  


---
*Beep, I'm a bot.* [FAQ](https://np.reddit.com/r/anti_gif_bot/wiki/index) | [author](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=MrWasdennnoch) | [source](https://github.com/wasdennnoch/reddit-anti-gif-bot) | v1.1.2"
"Watt makes this stop possible, not Hilton. Hilton does not set the edge and force the runner back inside. The play was designed to hit the gape between the tackle and tight end. Vannett is trying to get him up field as much as possible as the tackle and guard look to zone block Watt. Hilton does a good job of not getting washed out of the play, but if Watt doesn't close the hole then the RB is into the third level with a blocker and one man to beat. Honestly if the RB had tried to hit the hole instead of bouncing it out, it's probably a first down."
""
I love it.
whats the name of the monitor?
I will never not smile at that picture
I kind of miss that bengals rivalry.
Is this a basement?  The ceilings looks really low here.
The moment JuJu went legend!
Cause Juju making the path ahead and Minkah and Troy got your back
"Hey Steelers Nation! 

I’ve typically only bought jerseys from NFL’s site or the Steelers shop. But sometimes they don’t have the player you’re looking for or correct size. Today I stumbled on a site called steelersedgeonline when I google searched “Ryan Clark Jersey”. I’m not sure if the site is legit, does any here know? 

I’ve heard about DHgate but I’m kinda skeptical on it. I don’t want to risk getting a cheap or knock off jersey. No offense to anyone here who purchases from there, I understand people may not want to spend $100-$200 on a jersey. I personally don’t mind I guess it’s just one of my expensive habits lol. Thanks for any feedback."
I’d Google reviews of the site specifically. I’m always weary using those third party sites.
Tbh if I’m looking for something to buy online I check Reddit to see if anyone has bought something from that particular site
"I've bought numerous jerseys from DHGate/other chinese sellers. Im an avid lurker of r/sportsjerseys too. Anyway, out of all of them I bought I only got 1 that was bad and I have never worn it. The sleeves were fucked up so bad. Aside from that 1 outlier, all of the other ones are pretty good for $25. 

Real ones you can obviously go to NFLShop, Steelers.com, or you can try Dicks Sporting Goods, Walmart, Target, Amazon etc. Never heard of SteelersEdgeOnline. You can try it but with Paypal or a credit card and if its fake you can possible issue a complaint?"
I like dhgate. I’ve never gotten an nfl jersey from there but I’ve gotten nba jerseys and they look good. It takes about a month for them to ship though
"If you're buying dhgate, you're buying a knock off no doubt about it. If you want official you're going to pay official prices, especially in season. I honestly don't think knock off is bad though, especially when all the players I want to get might leave soon. Last jersey I bought was Antonio and my rationale was even if he left there will already be so many good memories that I won't regret it, but then immediately things took a turn south. I might try to get a knock off juju or watt to hold me over now. Honestly I don't hate the steelers basketball jerseys that appear on the Chinese markets either."
Ive purchased a jersey from this website https://www.steelersplayersshop.com/ it was a big ben color rush. They look pretty legit was really happy with my purchase just ordered a TJ Watt jersey as well waiting for it to be delivered. Hope this helps.
[deleted]
"I’m very glad he played so well, especially since we’ll probably need to invest some more capital into our O-Line in the near future. Hopefully he keeps it up and he can be a reliable starter for us."
"Assuming Decastro is back next week, I bet Dotson returns to the bench but if things were to go sideways at RT down the road, kicking Feiler back out there and moving Dotson to LG has to be in their heads. Nice back up plan to have."
"I know we brought this guy in on the strength of his run blocking, the fact that he is not a point of weakness in the passing game is a fantastic sign.

edit - typo"
Early returns on this draft class have been good
His dad definitely earned the game ball for raising him
"Not anywhere close to being sure enough to tab him with a sack, but I thought I saw one play where he and Chuk's coordination was not ideal.  Looked like Chuk's will own the sack (and probably should), but it's hard to tell who dropped their assignment.  I think KD ended up doing nothing on the play in question and that always makes me think twice."
"Steelers guard Kevin Dotson in 2020:

▪️ Pass-block snaps: 43
▪️ QB pressures allowed: 0

Only rookie offensive lineman with 10+ pass-block snaps and ZERO QB pressures allowed. 

***

posted by [@PFF_College](https://twitter.com/PFF_College)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EidETN3XYAAFTC5.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Wasn’t he one of those guys that pundits said was an absolute steal?
Need to keep Ben upright indeed!
THE BIG S I X N I N E
He started 4 years at Louisiana. Why didnt he just start at LG this season and keep Fieler at RT?
""
It gives me hope that randy is not as dumb as we think he is
"Honestly, I've had Ebron on my fantasy team several times since he was drafted years ago. He always seemed to have all of this potential and would often disappoint from my meaningless fantasy perspective, but only because I wasn't going out of my way to watch Lions games to see how inconsistent the team as a whole was. He has really changed my opinion about him in just two weeks here through how much people talk him up and his own personality.

Interesting to see how a team dynamic can really affect a player, both good and bad, from a numbers and/or human perspective."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Source: the very noticeable audible play call “Pringle Monday”
I just bought a can of taco flavored Pringles.
That oh face is never going away. I love it
BLACK BUTTER!!!
"Pringle Monday: that feeling you get after a Steelers victory. “The fun don’t stop, when the play clock drops.”"
""
""
I regret nothing
lold
"If we beat the Texans, gonna Photoshop Big Ben riding Bush?"
"Save it for the Ravens.  This team was bad, AND most of them were injured, and we still almost blew it.

Nothing to gloat about this week.  Take the W and be glad we got it."
[deleted]
[deleted]
I met Kordell and talked with him for like 45 minutes.  He's a super cool dude.
Legit Kordell is still an all time favorite player of mine. Slash was a STUD
If Stewart played today the results may have been different. But dude was still so fun to watch either way
Only ten bucks?  I guess you can say the price of that jersey was...reduced by a large amount.
I bought a Kirkland jersey for like $35 this year. First jersey I bought in years. It was a great investment.
kordell was good will defend him where did you get it?
I wish I had a jersey
"Slash! At the time, I loved the shit out of him and had to defend him constantly... now, I realize how Ben has spoiled us for almost two decades"
Slash! He was lightning in a bottle in the 90s.
Got cheated big time in that ‘01 AFC Championship
""
Hilton was that dude yesterday. I like that plays being made arent by the usual suspects every time
Because we take good pictures?
"100% agreed.  This team is so damn cool with an abundance of characters.  JuJu the most likeable WR if not player in the league.  The coolest coach.  Class acts like Villanueva, Conner, Heyward, Haden, Pouncey all over the place.  Funny dudes like Bince and Zach.  Low key guys with a good attitude like Ben, Watt, Minkah, Dupree, Washington, Tuitt and Vance.  Then fresh talent with enthusiasm in Diontae, Ebron, Terrell, Bush, Snell and Claypool.  I f'in love this team.  Even when they were getting crushed last year it was still fun as hell.  Them being 2-0 now just makes it that much sweeter.  I sound like a homer.  Idc.  HERE WE GO!

Edit: can’t believe I forgot another low key hero: BozGod"
"I’d like to see us put up a great game against the Texans this week. We should have beat the breaks off of Denver last week, it was embarrassing how close that game became.

I think we’re a good bit away from being the best. But luckily all you gotta do in the NFL is make the playoffs and then anything can happen. I’m confident against anyone with this squad. Chiefs are the better team, but that doesn’t mean we can’t beat them. And that’s all that matters."
But this was from a previous year when we weren't the best team in the league...  I think you just invalidated your own point by using an old photo.
Awesome pic
Thought this picture was from the Broncos game for a second and I realized that a. There are fans and b. Conner is in a sideline sweatsuit. I can’t wait to be at Heinz field again waving my terrible towel with you all.
Ya’ll seen the ravens yet?
One of these things is not like the others
I just realized there’s 2 people in that pic with number 22 on their helmet
"After yesterday's performance you don't get the gold  key to the crapper just yet

Ya'll got some work to do..."
""
I know MM is an ass but I kinda agree with him. The Offense needs to make fewer mistakes and the Defense needs to be more disciplined in coverage. Overall I'm pretty optimistic though
"I hate Mark Madden with a passion. But he's right.

We were 1 play away from blowing it against Jeff Driskel and a team that looked like they just landed on Normandy Beach.

7 first downs at 3rd down from penalties. Blame the refs all you want. UNACCEPTABLE.

They need to tighten this shit up or a real contending team is going to come in and dad dick the fuck out of the Steelers."
"Tj , Bud, cam, tyson and tuitt are gonna be all over Watson. Their offensive line has been terrible for years. They are gonna come out fired up though and we need to be on point. Think our defensive game plan will be a little different, probably won’t commit as much to stopping the run"
Actually we don't. I could definitely see us fucking around with a few turnovers and still pulling a win out of our ass
This would be a happier place if we banned posts about MM comments.
Let’s agree to not give this dickhead any clicks. Fuck Mark Madden. I agree we need to do better but I don’t need to hear from him.
can we ban mark madden. madden is a twat.
Texans are trash
"Vegas o/u on wins when the season opened:

HOU - 7.5

DEN - 7.5

NYG - 6.5

It's silly to call any regular season game ""exhibition"" to begin with, but whatever category those first two games went in, this one belongs the same place.  Houston's a mediocre team that's underperforming relative to even that humble standard."
"I don’t think MM has watched the Texans this season yet.

They’re not very good."
"Oh dear, here's Madden reinforcing the average (or below-average) Steelers fan's misconceptions of reality again. He's reinforcing the all-too-common idea that players and teams are slaves to their ratings or records. Teams with certain numbers are guaranteed to be worse than teams with certain better numbers. The teams with worse numbers don't put up much of a fight and are called ""exhibition games,"" but teams with better numbers (like the 0-2 Texans, apparently) are the real challenges.

This doesn't say anything insightful about football or the Steelers, but it does prepare some silly people to throw a tantrum if the Steelers lose or tie or, god forbid, win by one score.

Looking at the [top couple](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ixbc1o/mark_madden_with_exhibition_games_complete/g65rfmd/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3) of comments [in this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ixbc1o/mark_madden_with_exhibition_games_complete/g65syr4/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3), it's already fooled a couple people. But that's a choice they make, and I think they can change their minds at the snap of a finger. We all know that nothing is linear like Madden suggests, or the top couple of commenters seem to naively believe. There's a reason why the term ""Any given Sunday"" exists. This is the NFL, there are no easy games. I think at any point, we can all accept the objective truth that ""An NFL team is an NFL team. In the regular season and playoffs, there's literally no such thing as an 'exhibition game'. There are already games called 'exhibition games,' and they're played in the offseason, not Weeks 1 and 2 of the regular season."" Seriously, this is equivalent to the ""Alabama could beat the Browns"" logic. If you think that's dumb, then I'm glad that you're getting the point.

It's silly to say ""The offense made mistakes and defense needs to be more disciplined so Madden is right that their imperfections mean future games are worrisome."" It's silly to say ""Madden is right, we were one play away from losing to Jeff Driskel so that means a real contending team is going to come in and dad dick the fuck out of the Steelers."" Those aren't insightful, discussion-generating thoughts about how the Steelers can compete this year. I don't think we have an excuse for denying the objective reality that NOT every little detail will be repeated in future games, and even if it is, there's no a guarantee that a team with a higher Madden or PFF rating will be able to capitalize on those little details better than a past opponent did. That's simply not how reality works, and I don't understand how anyone capable of individual thought does not understand this. I bet Madden understands it, he's just trolling and taking advantage of our village idiots."
"This dude muted me on Twitter 🤣

That said I think he has a point here. We didn’t even come close to playing to our potential last week."
I HATE that Lard Lad - and usually he's full of Hot Takes - but he isn't wrong. We squeaked out a win against a back up QB and a team losing their #1 WR. It doesn't help to get a sack on 2nd down only to give up a 3&15 constantly. Offense needs to gel and set up clock eating drives. They haven't done that yet.
Fire Mark Madden
"Mark madden is a dumbass. One fucking mistake made the Broncos game close, Benny’s fumble. If Benny doesn’t fumble Pittsburgh easily gets at least 3 points and takes enough time off the clock in the process to effectively seal the game.

The Texans are probably better than their 0-2 record suggests, but certainly not THAT much better. Their offensive line is awful, and their receivers can’t create separation. Pittsburgh could potentially have 10 or more sacks as a team that game. If they play as well as they have been the last two games, minus the turnovers, week 3 could be a very satisfying and dominant victory."
Texans game feels like a loss to me at this point. Maybe I will feel differently as the game gets closer.
Arent the texans 0-2?
""
The anxious buildup. Then they start winning and your okay. Then the defense does nothing for about half a quarter and your nervous again. Then they win it on a ride or die play
For me its chest pain.
With the refs that always officiate the games
"Went to high school with a current NFL player and a couple years back I ran into him while he was in town and we were talking about the season and he remembers that I'm a Steelers fan and he tells me that they're one of the teams he really doesn't want to play (I think this was in 2017) and I just remember laughing when he said that because yeah at the time I think we were 11-2 and on paper looked unstoppable but they made every game so stressful and close for no reason. But at the same time, he's actually in the NFL and knows more than I ever will. One of those moments I love thinking back on"
That’s me. But instead of pills it’s cheap vodka that closely resembles turpentine.
"I usually take a few hits from the bong. Calms me down, last thing I want is for my voice to be gone in the 2nd Quarter lol"
"Now that I'm into mid life I have to take blood thinners before every game to fend of the impending myocardial infarction.

&#x200B;

Seek the Way, the Truth, and the Life!"
"Don’t you get it? They do it to keep us on the edge! They know they’ll win, but they want to give us a show."
"“Wait, is that another screen pass?”"
Saturday and Sunday being a Nebraska and Steeler fan.
""
Love seeing this.
"With this and his play last game, I am loving me some Dotson"
Okay but is he eligible?
I feel like a bad fan all of the sudden but what am I missing? Did Zach used to do this...?
Sneaky sneaky!
If you watch enough loops... you might cry a little.  Just sayin...
Baby Hulk in the house
Dotson is such a gem
"As the title suggests, I think this shift to the teen numbers from the 80's and the fact that we have one of the youngest receiving core (possibly THE youngest), we should call them the Teen Titans.  
Juju can be Robin, the leader  
Diontae can be Beast Boy, the one that can do everything  
Washington can be Cyborg, the trucker of defenders  
Claypool can be Superboy because he is an alien  


I'll try to photoshop something this weekend"
">Claypool can be superboy because he is an alien

Lmao"
"I hate to tell you this, but Titans is already taken."
It's so cringy but I fucking love it. Sign me up for the tshirt!
No
Try doing it after the Texans game
I’d like that nickname a lot better if Tennessee were still the Oilers.
I'm not a little kid anymore... and I hear that they ruined that show anyway... sooooo no thanks.
"It's the first quarter of the big game and you wanna toss up a hail mary? I'd like to be pimps from Oakland or cowboys from Arizona but it's not Halloween. ***Grow up, Peter Pan!*** Count Chocula! Look, we've been to a million weddings and you know what? We've rocked them all."
"I don't like it, I love it."
I love it
[removed]
[removed]
""
"I literally can't comprehend how people can get this worked up over Reddit comments and downvotes, lol"
"They probably based the post off this article:

https://www.pff.com/news/nfl-rookie-rankings-10-highest-graded-rookies-through-week-2

which omits Claypool probably because he's only played 48 snaps. Idk why else the article wouldn't mention him. He's the highest graded WR in the NFL as of now with a very limited sample size."
It’s #3 maybe 4 or 5 on his own team I don’t get it
"You don’t understand the grading. That’s okay.

They watch every play from every player through All-22 Film. The give each play a +2– -2 rating in 0.5 increments. For instance, his TD was probably worth a +2...BUT THATS ONLY ONE PLAY. Each play is graded, so if he misses a block he’s getting a negative grade no matter how it affects the player. I know of negative grades given to players not in the right positions at the right times in regards to the play call.

The raw score is then added up and normalized on a scale of 0-100. 

It’s not perfect, of course it isn’t. It’s just one EXTREMELY KNOWLEDGEABLE groups ranking system. It is one of the most thorough, systematic player ranking systems out there, but being thorough and systematic doesn’t mean they’re “right.” It’s all subjective. Look at it as a small piece of a large puzzle, not the whole puzzle

Edit: so apparently there’s things missing from the photo on my screen or something because all I see is OP confused about how Chase got a 70 week 2 and a 90 week 1.


this is what’s visible on my screen:

>I don’t get this TBH. Claypool had the highest grade of any rookie last week, right? He caught every target and was a beast on special teams and had an amazing TD this week...He has to he number one, right? For context they had him at a 90+ grade in Week 1. There’s literally no way he got a 70 grade in week 2. So these rankings must have a certain snap count or something associated with them, Claypool is certainly above anyone on this list. I’m not saying he’s the ROY but based on their numbers, that’s how is"
[deleted]
This was their most recent Instagram post
[deleted]
"Well it was obvious that he wouldn’t be able to cover an outside route based on how he was aligned, so he was expecting safety help. 

I don’t understand the “big surprise” part though, Edmunds is usually in the right position."
"Eh it happens. This was a difficult coverage assignment and the Broncos called the perfect play against it. That’s a touchdown regardless. 

You guys are really unable to understand that Edmunds takes the brunt of the blame because we have such a good defense that when mistakes happen, it HAS to be someone’s fault.

There were plenty of coverages blown by Haden and Minkah Sunday, funny you guys only like to highlight Edmunds though."
He came in clutch when we needed him with that sack though sometimes you just gotta take that W and move on 🤷🏻‍♂️
"42 overall grade on PFF so far this year.

If he didn't play on one of the best defenses in the league he would be even more exposed. He's lucky to be a starter."
Not to mention that Fant was really the only playmaker the Broncos had with Sutton out by that point.. Yea blown coverages happen but Edmunds just doesn't seem to be able to pick up on what's happening and make the right play consistently.
""
Really love what I see from #90 week in and out. Just gets better every game and continues to prove to the league he’s big dog.
"Not an Edge Rusher in the league I would rather have right now. Dude is a superstar, He will be worth the money."
I bet I won't see many Steelers fans complaining about PFF in this thread 👀
I still remember people were calling him a bust early his first year because he wasn't putting up huge sack numbers. LMFAO
94 is what his Madden rating should be
VinceMcMahon.gif
We need to keep him and Bud together next season
Man got robbed of DPOY last year
Not surprising
And yet he's probably still not in the top 10 edge rushers on Madden 😂
""
[deleted]
"He said all the right things in his interview.  Hard nosed and confident, but not cocky at all.  Pretty sure Colbert found a gem."
It makes Ben sounds so old. He made me laugh.
"Don’t get me wrong, I’m excited about Highsmith and Mapletron - I think they’re going to be high floor producers. 

But I said this from the start - Dotson is the guy I was most excited about. The guy is a fucking mauler, and has a chip on his shoulder that reminds me of Cam Heyward. I’m excited for this guy."
I’m 23. I had dreams that I would catch a pass from Big Ben one day in the league (I mean I witnessed Favre play till he was like 40 something). But it doesn’t help that I’m also a short white dude with minimal athletic talent.
Hard not to root for this kid.
I really hope Dotson has a long career making our Oline stronger
"And he’s number 69


Hehe"
Don’t puck up then K-Dot. We have a hell of a defense again this year and I wanna see another Steelers SB win before my dad dies. Sooner rather than later fellas.
""
I didn’t realize how open he was. I thought Ben threw a dime but this angle shows differently
I see your skills are improving.
Some Arizona fan: SEE!!! HIS ONE FOOT WASN'T DOWN
Actual photo
Good to see Rudolph is developing his skills while on the sidelines
Can I get this as a phone background?
This.. is.. perfect
potato quality
""
"Chase Claypool is a stud and I'm so happy we have a ""Randy Moss"" type player."
Just picked him up in my fantasy league hoping his momentum keeps rising.  Guy is a stud.
This kid gon be gud
[deleted]
"Flashback to April: ""Who TF is this guy 'we' just wasted a draft pick omg we needed a running back FiRe t0mLin!!""

I may never understand the Steelers draft picks or Colberts reasoning, but usually, they work out in the long run (remember how Edmunds was a 'wasted pick' last season?) or even pay off right away (Minkah, Claypool)."
[deleted]
I mean... The Ravens are arguably the best or second best team in the afc so I'm not too worried about not being the favorite in our division when the favorite in our division is the favorite in the AFC
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
""
Teach me this lmao
You should change the app icons with Shortcuts too
What app did u use
"In before ""Android has had this for years"""
""
"Thanks you Kevin Dotson. Now... let’s see DeCastro pull off a 100% game.

No offense intended. DeCastro is a great OG...but maybe Dotson is a freak at the position that no one expected."
""
What are some other Steelers news sites? I've be on the BTSC for a bit but looking for more input.
I agree with all the Minkah points
"I am from Michigan and I used to use nfl streams to watch the out of market Steelers games. Most of the games are on CBS but I can’t watch them because it shows the lions/bears majority of the time. Where do you guys go to stream the Steelers games?


PLEASE HELP"
Nflbite dot com
Sportsurge
Yahoo sports app on your phone. I’m in Texas and I’ve only been able to watch the games like this
"If you're willing to pay, NFL gamepass. Idk if they still don't let you watch in real time but to circumvent that use a VPN and get like the Brazilian version"
After seeing this thread I find it ridiculous that the NFL makes it next to impossible to watch games when your out of market.
"&#x200B;

use residential vpn ip will help you unblock any streaming content(netflix,hbo,hulu,disney). recommend [widevpn](https://widevpn.com), suport wireguard, unblock any content. $9.99/yearly"
""
"I love how Dotson isn't quite sure what Ben is gonna do, but he's fully ready to ride into battle with him no matter what"
"If people weren't convinced before, our offense is going to be scary once the 4 preseason games are done"
I'm amazed that someone saw that TD and was able to remember a similar play from 10 years ago.  Does this person have perfect recall or something?
"Football on TV is as good a time as it can be without being there.  The coverage, the camera angles, spotters, slo-mo instant replay - it's a damn close second to BEING there.  But this year - nobody's there.  We all know that they're playing in an empty building.  The cameras can't help but show this.  There aren't fake heads in the stands, so why are they throwing this lame roar of the crowd at us?

Overlaying the game with ""canned"" crowd noises - I'm over it.  Let me hear the game.  The players, the coaches, the refs . . . all of it.  Yes, I know very well the problem they'd have with ""objectionable"" words possibly being broadcast.  Football at every level from junior high school on up has plenty of swearing.  And let me tell you how creative some of these fuckers can get with their swearing and insults!  It ain't just what they claim to have done to your mom, but it's HOW they claim they did it to her that would send network censors to the rabies clinic - frothing at the mouth and barking.

The games are already [broadcast-delayed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast_delay) 10 seconds or longer for that reason and plenty of other reasons.  Turn off the crowd track, broadcast the game, and be selective about where you put the microphones.  I'd much rather listen to the people on the field than some crappy recording they can't keep running and which never matches  the action on the field.  They're fooling nobody, and it isn't ""enhancing"" my game experience.

TL,DR: Shitcan the canned crowd noises."
"So, there aren't a lot of sound engineers who love football, but I happen to be a sound mixer, and while most of my work is in live performances, I have done some broadcast sound.

You want to know what would be way more distracting than the current canned crowd noise? The whole field noise dropping out for completely random intervals at completely random times. If I'm mixing and hear the word word that needs to be censored, I'm going to have absolutely no way to know what microphone it's coming from, or if I happen to see it register on a meter, whether or not that word is going to spill enough into other microphones to make it audible. My only option with a 7-second delay is to mute all of the live channels, and at that rate iId rather have something to fill it in with, like, you guessed it, canned crowd noise.

Could the canned noise be better? Absolutely. There has been a lot of work done in engineering more believable audible reactions, but the people developing generally aren't on the teams of the big broadcast organizations. They're working on interactive theater pieces that are off-off-off Broadway, so while the tech is there, the top broadcasters are just going to rely on what they know their people already do well.

As with most things, what you actually get your hands dirty, things are more difficult than you might think."
"they will not do that, due to the language you mentioned. The crowd noise was never meant to actually simulate the game IMO, it was just a convenient excuse"
I’ve heard that the guys who cut the micd up videos say the stuff they hear and cut would make the nfl lose fans lmao.
"Been a long time since Ive seen you post Cynic. Glad your still active. Id love to hear to hear the audio on the field but you know dam teams would have a shit storm due to the fact of them being able to hear the play calls and audibles. That would mean every team would have to change their terminology from week to week. The quality of football would be drastically effected. But im with you, Id love to hear some of their shit talking. and who does their talking with their pads so to speak."
I appreciate it to a small degree. But I get what you’re saying about hearing the rawness of the game. I remember when NFL network first started doing live games. They had very limited announcers and I loved it.
"Not at all! I really don’t like the added in crowd noise either.

We’re so used to crowd noise indicating things. Now, it’s so random you instinctively think something good/bad happened when nothing happened at all. Especially when it’s delayed and you’re looking for a flag or a fumble."
"I can’t disagree, but I’m just glad we have football. Have you thought about doing radio broadcast over TV? I know people do that. Seems like too much work to me to sync up, but crowd noise always seems less a focus in radio. The absence of a crowd is just a big downer to the overall experience, but to me, it’s been less devastating in football than the NHL playoffs. That shit’s just not the same. I will say opening night, even with the small crowd in KC, sounded very natural to me. Hopefully we can all get there safely soon."
"At the end of the day, they are selling a TV product and the consumers of that product are used to hearing crowd noise.  So they will continue to use it.  At least the fake crowd noise is relatively in-sync with the game."
"We listen on steelers.com and shut off the tv audio  takes a few plays to sync up but it's wayyy better.  We play it through a Bluetooth speaker.  Haha the Monday night game tunch was a little inebriated, it was pretty good"
"Idk, they have done a good job cheering and groaning at the right spots, and there's stretches where I completely forget there isn't any fans bc the canned noise follows what's happening in the game"
Post the rants on your Facebook page
"Doesn't bother me much. I'm certainly not driven insane by it. I wish it was natural too, but shit's fucked up right now. I'd probably be more bothered by it feeling more like a practice/scrimmage game that doesn't count, an exhibition for a game show or something, because it doesn't *feel* like every game I've seen on TV, ever. Lack of crowd noise is kind of a deal breaker for me, whereas its *artificial presence* is a deal breaker for you. I get that. It's just different strokes for different folks.

I know it's not a popular take, and I'll be seen as somehow ""less of a fan"" or something, but it's an honest opinion."
"If I'm a curmudgeon, so be it."
"The three times under Tomlin we have played an 0-2 team:

* 2017: Lost 23-17 against the Bears in OT
* 2012: Lost 34-31 against the Raiders
* 2011: Won 23-20 on a last second FG against a Colts team that finished 2-14

The Texans are talented and I'm sure highly motivated after starting with losses against the Chiefs on opening night and the best team in football so far in the Ravens. I'm... concerned. No more dumb turnovers. Play clean and play smart."
Ugh that fucking bears game. Yikes. I cringe every time I remember it
"The Texans aren’t bad tho, just played the two best teams in the conference. So hopefully the Steelers won’t have to play down to their level since they aren’t horrible"
We've won some and lost some against teams with a small sample size of games in a given season.  Huh.
Putting stock into the first 4 games of the season as if the bengals didn't have a 4 win season where they won their first 4.
"I’m a Ravens fan.  Pretty sure the Texans aren’t going to give you a ton of trouble.  It’ll be a game.  JJ will get a sack or two.  In the end tho, I think the Steelers will win.  This troubles me because were playing KC this weekend.  I’d really like it if the Steelers lose but I don’t think they will."
The Oline is going to be a tasty snack.
"Our D is going to wreck their Oline. Watson is very talented, but by far the best way to mitigate that is get constant pressure on him. I’m pretty 50/50 on this game. The Texans are 0-2, but they’ve played the 2 best teams in the league. We’re 2-0 but we’ve played 2 of the worst teams in the league. We can get the win, but we’re going to have to step it up. We let our foot off the gas against the Broncos and almost blew it. Watson will be a much bigger threat if we give him the chance to be."
I know the Texans are 0-2 but they have played the Ravens and Chiefs. Before everybody gets their pitchforks ready to go in case of a loss you have to understand that at least 90% of the NFL would expect to be 0-2 having opened against those teams. Their record tells us next to nothing about the quality of the team right now.
"I feel like 0-2 teams are dangerous and I would prefer to never play them. They aren’t yet convinced the season is lost, but they’re desperate. That said, I feel like the Steelers will beat Houston. However, even if Philly is somehow 0-4 when we play, I’ll bet the house on a defeat. You realize Pittsburgh hasn’t won in Philly since the Johnson administration? Like, we were all chain smoking in the office Mad Men style laughing about landing on the moon one day when we last won there. How crazy is that? Bill Nelson was QB. We won two games that year. As successful as the Steelers have been, this blows my mind and makes it the most important game on the schedule this season."
Thx jinx!..
More confident at home. That said the Texans aren't a bad team IMO.
"That Bears team beat every team in the AFC North that year. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Chicago_Bears_season"
Is that raiders game the one where terelle pryor destroyed us?
Surprised this post hasn't been deleted lol
""
Yeah this ones funny. I chuckled
This is actually my wife beating me after being my tv following a run up the middle on 3rd and 14 haha
*Randy feverishly flips through a playbook with Haley's name crossed off the front.*
"Wait what? A draw play on 3rd and 14 is a good call at times.

You can't count on getting the first down so unless the game is in a bad state it's good to do screens and draw plays when the box is basically free so you can pick up 7-8 yards and have an off chance of getting a first down instead of risking a turnover or a sack on a more obvious passing down."
"""It's unfair"" said Baker Mayfield ""We just aren't used to playing in stadiums that loud."""
They need to hire the Eagles crowd noise guy who was playing boos for his own team
Browns should also install fat inbred robots in the endzone seats to chuck batteries and water bottles.
"Some of you guys are being too harsh on the Browns. Of course they have crowd noise, just from opposing fans. 

Still not as bad as San Diego going silent count in their own stadium, tho."
It's gotta be hard regulating your performance when you don't have fans to get up and leave at the top of the 4th.
Of course they would
There is no crowd noise for the Browns. Virtual or otherwise.
""
He's almost doing the Nike logo
[removed]
""
"As someone who lives in Michigan, I quite enjoy the Lions being dogshit. Very entertaining."
And the browns and lions haven’t even been to a Super Bowl
Only pro team in Ohio is Ohio State. :)
A combined total of 0 playoff wins since 2000.
"I dunno if that triangle is haunted or cursed or anything, but it's def pretty Erie."
i hope we can rescue tj hockenson before the lions ruin him. or rescue jessie bates from the bungles.
Sometimes I forget the Lions are a team at all
Add a line over to Chicago and call it a Bermuda rectangle. They haven’t been good in decades either.
What do Kentucky and Ohio have in common? neither has a professional football team.
I am a lions fan and it hurts so bad watching my team just piss away talent every year. Never had a good coach or a competent front office. Thank God I have family from Pittsburgh so they are my number 2 team.
"I just smh watching the Lions waste the talents of Calvin Johnson (when he was there) and to a lesser extent Mathew Stafford. But I wonder how much the contract they gave the both of them contributed to them not really having a SB caliber team

The Browns are ran horribly and I'm not surprised they are stuck in purgatory. Sports in general is a top down kind of thing. Which leads me to my next point

The Bengals might actually turn things (not this year) but they had talented teams in the past and due to ineptitude from players and coaches alike they never accomplished anything even though they've had some good records. A talented team won't always overcome coaching blunders and will never overcome a bad FO.

But I still love watching the Browns fuck up. Always a joy"
"I feel like these are the main teams despised by Steeler Nation. Which one do you hate the most?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iy5h4z)"
Browns aren't worth the time to hate
I picked Ravens but I’m really starting to despise the Browns. They play dirty asf and were straight up head-hunting against us. You’d also think that they were a respectable team for how much shit the fans talk also.
I need more votes one is not enough
"I chose the Ravens. The reason? Because they stole the Browns(albeit temporarily) from the people of Cleveland.

I remember when that happened and I thought...”that could be us”. It wasn’t long after that when the Steelers needed a new stadium and the city and state were not very receptive to the idea. I remember being really concerned that I might soon be rooting for the L. A. Steelers or something.

Thank God the Rooney family has more morals and loyalty than the Modell family did."
"By far the Ravens, indifference at best for the rest of them. The Tom Brady-less Patriots just aren't the same"
I still have a burning hatred for the Bengals from a couple years ago lmao
"Who hates the Packers? 

They're a great team. Fan owned, no cheerleaders..."
Can I double vote the pats?
Patriots cause they cheated to win all 3 AFC Championship Games
Bengals. Those games always end up so rough and dirty.
"I don't necessarily hate the Ravens. I respect them. They draft well and have been a worthy adversary for us. I get the sense the feeling is mutual between the organizations.

Otoh, the Pats cheated us out of (potentially) 3 Super Bowl appearances. They can't lose enough for my liking."
"I actually enjoy the rivalry with the ravens. I see them as an equal contender/competitor where real recognizes real. I honestly think that if the ravens and steelers didn’t have each other, both teams would stagnate as each team is constantly nipping at the others heal vying for first place. Patriots on the other hand, I loathe with a passion."
I couldn’t find Roger Goodell?
Hard to decide
"Grew up in a Cowboys household, has to be them. Bengals and Browns aren’t worth the time. Ravens and Patriots are a different kind of hate. I just can’t stand the Cowboys."
I'm surprised that Tompa isn't an option here.
"I'm sure I'm in the minority here but I don't hate the Ravens at all. I love to ""hate them"" twice a year and that's about it. They're a solid, respectable franchise that has given us some of the greatest moments in Steelers football history.

I feel bad for the Ohio teams, and feel nothing for the NFC teams. That leaves one option....."
Hated the ravens more when they had Flacco for some reason
"Not sure I despite any teams.  Honestly I don’t get that excited for playing divisional rivals.  Browns suck too much.  And ravens just don’t excite me.

I wouldn’t say I hate these teams but I would get excited to play them - cowboys and patriots.  Something about the playing the cowboys seems to have great history - two franchises with a long history."
"I've never really hated another NFL team, because there's no team that we have to look up to. There are teams who are better than us in any given season, but our history and legacy speaks for itself. The only competitor in terms of overall success cheated their way there, so I don't spend much time even thinking about them."
Why isn't this multiple choice
I live in CT...It's the Patriots by a mile.
"I picked the patriots due the fact I feel they are consistently finding ways to cheat and ruin the league with it. 

Next would be the browns, this is mostly because of the fans I live near but recently the amount of people that celebrated a player using a helmet as a weapon was sickening.  I understand tempers get heated with pushing matches or punches thrown, this was a player trying severely injure his opponent. All respect lost for that.


Although I hate the ravens, it’s a respected rivalry though, where I hate them because it’s a division opponent that gives us the most the most trouble. People like Ed Reed, Ray Lewis, and Terrell Suggs 
I hated but would have easily welcomed to our team with no hard feelings ( like Haden)."
Surprised people are picking the Ravens over the Browns. I actually like the Ravens these days
"The Browns, Bengals and Ravens are all the same team we have utterly decimated for decades of domination so I choose to hate the Chiefs bc they are the current top dog in the pound"
""
">They’ve carried it 11 times for 88 yards, an eight yard average, highlighted by James Conner’s career long 59 yard rush against the Denver Broncos Sunday. 

This isnt the endorsement they think it is.

10 carries  for 29 yards prior to the long one. 2.9 ypc."
"These are the types of articles I hate from SteelersDepot.  The entire press conference is like, why arent you using Ebron, wait and see, is this the workload Benny Snell can expect, wait and see, why arent you using Watt, wait and see. And boom, SteelersDepot has 3 new articles based on 30 seconds of Tomlin's coach speak.  Just watch the pressers.  These feel like clickbait"
"I mean, he's dominating on defense, let the dude rest."
I kind of figured this would happen. As long as Ben is the QB I highly doubt they will use a FB in a traditional sense. I like the pre snap motion they've added so it's not all bad
"I don't know why people are complaining about this. We're 2-0, our QB just came back from possible career ending surgery and he looks great, and people want to complain about a fucking fullback not getting enough carries."
There is no explanation in this article for the lack of usage lol
The fullback hasn’t really been a significant offensive piece since the early 2000’s. Not sure why football fans have a hard time seeing this.
And things of that nature....ofc
"He's been really visible on special teams. Don't see much impact beyond that. I think he has a place as a package player for very specific situations on offense, not sure I want him out there 10+ snaps a game"
Bring back the fullback god damn it
""
Could have just as easily been Mike Hilton but he's not as big of a name. Still great stuff TJ
Is it nuts to say he did all this quietly? Like he's just out there working and he's better than everyone they put in front of him.
Houston's O-line is paper thin.  Him and Bud are gonna feast this weekend.
"Best EDGE in the league. Period.

I don't want to hear about Khalil Mack anymore. I don't want to hear about Von Miller. I don't want to hear about Myles Garret. No one, as of right now, is matching the production of TJ Watt these past 2 years."
DPOY on that ass
Teej is playing like a man possessed out there
It’s crazy that a lot of his work doesn’t even show up on the stat sheet. Sure he got two sacks but that’s not even mentioning him forcing Driskel to step up right into Alualu’s waiting arms
"Drafting TJ Watt in 2017 at the 30th pick is starting to take on the status of members of the original Steel Curtain. Mean Joe Greene, Mel Blount, Jack Lambert, Jack Ham, LC Greenwood, Andy Russell, Donnie Shell. 

TJ Watt is heading for that list. He’s only 25 years old but he is an amazing player."
85 in Madden. Unbelievable.
Was bud not DPOTW week 1???
"Steelers need to start using the tagline 'Tune in for Watt' when advertising upcoming games and highlighting the defensive monster that is TJ motherfucking Watt. 

Then they show highlights of Derek."
"I did the math -- TJ's career sacks average out to three every four games. On average, there's only a 25% chance he's held without a sack any given Sunday."
"They probably should've extended him when they could've done it for 20M a year, the way he's trending he's gonna be a 30M per year player"
Why didn't they put the interception in there
Was a bad call from getting Diontae as Special Teams player of the week too.
Currently the best Watt in the NFL.  Prove me wrong
"Pats fan living in western PA coming in peace...
Damn you guys are lucky to have TJ. Such a joy to watch! Cherish him while he's here!"
Best defensive player in the game. IMO
TJ Watt was the first time the Steelers ever drafted the guy I really wanted and I haven't been disappointed yet. He's the heart of that defense and no doubt will be made the richest LB and a Steeler for life.
Get used to this. He’s just getting started.
""
"I have a theory on this. After the Broncos game, I think I would have described the defense as ""pretty good, but not stellar,"" through two games. With that being said, every stat that I look at (include DVOA - which takes into account the opponents) shows that they're a monster unit.  They're number 2 against the pass and number 1 against the rush in DVOA. They're dominant rushing the passer, they're dominant against the run, etc. 

I think the Steelers defense was fantastic last year, but I allowed the memories of how great the defense was last year - especially compared to the offense - to create unrealistic expectations for what the Steelers defense should look like.  They really have been dominant, and I think this unrealistically high standard in my head has just made it harder for me to see that."
"Sadly, gone are the days of sub 14 PPG with 2-4 shutouts over 16 games. Too much league-wide preference for more offense. 😢

I would love to see that again! How dominant that would be in this era of offense!! 😁🤘"
"Really, it's just been the penalties in the first two games. Not only have the penalties resulted in first downs, but often times they're on 3rd down, sometimes 3rd and long. So many of these penalties were also reallyyyyy ticky tacky so I don't expect it to continue.

Cut out the penalties on third down and the opposing offenses yardage totals will drop as we'll be getting off the field far quicker."
"I'm guessing part of why they're blitzing so much is they just played two young QBs on a short preseason. And with as much as they're getting home, they're content to let the secondary tackle the catch counting on splash plays due to pressure."
BUT THEY ARENT BLOWING TEAMS OUT SO I AM WORRIED ABOUT THEM GOING FORWARD!!
I hope anyone who says this defense isn’t good enough to win a Super Bowl takes a sack and fumbles in their own territory.
We have to keep in mind we were playing the Giants and then the Broncos who lost their starting QB after already being devastated by injuries.
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser known players you think will have an impact. If you are a fan of the Texans, feel free to add in your two cents, and ask us about the Steelers."
"I don't know why but I feel like the Steelers have great fans. I could be biased as a Houston fan that lives near Baltimore but they always seem pleasant in comparison to what I see around here. 

Also, love Pittsburgh what a great city."
"Feels to me like this is a game the Steelers show up for. Not sure about the stats behind it but I feel like we play good and win against mediocre/ average teams and don’t show up at all for terrible ones. Texans are what I would define as an average team, and for some reason I’m feeling the Steelers can see through their 0-2 record and play a sound game. I’m still waiting on that game that shows me this offense is Super Bowl caliper.

Also, I like how our schedule played out, feel like we are slowing ramping up our opponents with Giants< Broncos< Texans and then Titans next week for a big test."
"0-2 can’t be overlooked as a win. Their record isn’t indicative of their ability. The Texans are dangerous. They got playmakers on both sides of the ball and are hungry for their first win. This is going to be a great test on both sides of the ball on our communication, execution, and ball handling. All of those have been outlined as our major issues. I expect some of those issues to continue to surface at some point throughout the game. Hopefully we can keep Watson and company contained and JJ away from 7."
Nothing to ask but I love diontae he’s my favorite receiver I’ve been high on him knew he was gonna be nasty
This game has me nervous. Very nervous. Texans are 0-2 and in pure desperation mode right now. 0-3 is a death wish. I can see Houston winning this game.
I don't expect us to blitz a lot this week. Texans o line is weak enough and Deshaun Watson is not Daniel Jones or Drew Lock. I think that also means our secondary will be play much better. Hopefully Minkah bounces back and returns to mid season form last year.
"Watson is going to have to have a nearly flawless game for the Texans to win. Their O-line will struggle with pressure against that big nasty D.

Steelers offense should post around 30pts. with their suspect secondary and run stopping ability."
"Gonna be honest my gut is telling me this is going to be close, but with the Titans next week we really can not afford to lose this one, because if we do there's a solid chance we are staring at 2-2 tied with the Browns, not to mention what may be an undefeated Ravens team that is not likely to give us much wiggle room to get back to the top."
"This is gonna be the week I think Big Ben airs it out quite a bit. Texans secondary is definitely a weakness for them and making them respect Big Ben's arm will open things up immensely for Conner and Snell in the backfield. 

Defensively I'm expecting us to again go after Watson with everything they've got though I don't anticipate we'll commit so heavily to stopping the run this week that we give up major plays through the air. Watson is someone who can push the ball downfield through the air and take advantage of openings if we keep presenting them in order to stop the run.

It's gonna be a big day for our secondary and I'm anticipating a bit of a shoot out late in the game. Whoever scores first is likely gonna control the game but I think we're the more complete team to win the full thing.

Next week is the trap game for us when we go visit King Henry."
Gut tells me the Steelers lose this week. But on paper they should dominate.
[deleted]
"Hey guys, Texans fan here. Honestly excited for the game. We need this win. The schedule makers did us no favors with these first three games but nevertheless I’m ready for Sunday. 

I wanted to ask who are some unknown guys to look out for on Sunday? Your defense as whole makes me nervous because pressure still is an issue at times. Looking forward to a fun discussion!"
"Notes on Texans:

* Corners are shaky, we have a bunch of CB2 level guys and no CB1 level guy right now, Gareon Conley is missed. I feel like Lonnie Johnson Jr should be a bad matchup for Juju on paper but hes been inconsistent.
* Justin Reid is a future All-Pro, he was a stud against the ravens, expect to see him make an impact
* Our ILBs are under performing, usually very good against the run and have been bleh at best so far. Poor tackling in the first game, poor decision making in the second. Theyre about average in coverage, don't think they'll be a point of exploitation in the receiving game.
* Our EDGE LBs have been bad, occasionally Jacob Martin makes a good play but otherwise just bad. Might be able to exploit backup tackles but I think yours are healthy?
* IDL has been suprisingly good, we have a solid rotation of guys who are doing work on the interior but our nose tackle play is below average which is hurting us.
* Offense should be better than it is, OL should be better than it is, Fuller and Cooks need to both be healthy for us to see how good we are"
"Each week of this season I am making a popular meal from the city of the Texans opponent that particular week... BBQ for the Chiefs, crab cakes for the Ravens, etc... for the Steelers I am planning to try and make a home made Primanti Bros. Sandwich. I’ve never had it, but it looks delicious. Any suggestions? How would y’all recommend I prepare the meat? Is it like a flank steak?"
"I am thinking we win this, but its not going to be the pretty.  Glad its at home because I dont want to play on turf after all the injuries last week. I think the Texans are a better team than the Broncos.  They've played two really good teams so far, so I dont like having them come in here to fight for their first win.  They looked decent the first few drives against the Ravens, they just completely let the game slip away from them after a bad 4th down call and then a fumble returned for a touchdown.  On the plus side, if we win, theres a chance we can lead the division this week (and maybe hold it until week 7)"
I really hope we win. The browns play the football team and I’d hate to be tied at 2-1
Coaches didnt want to say David DeCastro was practicing until Juju told the media “great to see Decastro practicing today!”
Texans fan. Please kill us. I would rather go 4-12 and BoB get fired than going 9-7 and squeezing into a playoff spot.
"Watson is going to be running for dear life. Bud is coming, tj too. Don’t forget heyward and alualu. Highsmith and Hilton blitzing like a maniac. And please watch out for the man that’s playing like he is sick in the head, Vince Williams.

Offense has to come to play, and PROTECT THE FOOTBALL. We keep our D fresh, and keep a sound offense this team is hard to beat."
"I think fans on both sides are going to be surprised by the game they see. Definitely see the Steelers with the advantage in a few areas, but the Texans can be explosive. I expect this game to be uncomfortably tight, coming down to turnovers and penalties."
Blitzing watson is going to be excellent practice for lamar later on
"Steelers 24

Texans - 21"
"Texans fan here. Picture post Ravens:

D-Line - Improving. PJ Hall has helped solidify the interior, which has allowed JJ to move out. JJ and Martin have both been showing ability to apply pressure, which has been important as Mercilus seems to have fallen off a cliff (having got his bag at the end of last year - quelle surprise). Important as...  

Secondary - Oh boy. A combination of a new scheme, and a loss of our second best CB (Conley) has seen us badly exposed.  Bradley Roby (CB1) and Justin Reid at safety are legit, but our other CBs (Hargreaves and Lonnie Johnson) and Eric Murray have been struggling.  

O-Line: We're going to live or die by whether this unit plays up to its talent level. We saw last year that this unit was improving, but it seems to have gone fully into reverse this year. In particular, Max Scharping (who was a 2nd round pick last year) at LG seems to have gone from solid to crumpling like a folding table when the Bills Mafia are around. If the unit clicks, then we've got a good chance as 60:40 underdogs. If we see more of the same from the first two weeks, we'll be going down by at least two scores with Watson running for his life.  

TEs: Fells remains good in short yardage, but horrible at blocking, which with the state of our O-Line after two weeks is not good. Hopefully Akins gets more snaps, as he's looked better all around.  

RBs: If our line can get its shit together, we've seen flashes of the old David Johnson in week 1, particularly helped by having Duke Johnson to show some tricky looks on the offence.  

WRs: Showed flashes in both the first and second week, with an enormous amount of speed meaning if Watson can get time in the pocket, there's potential for some bombs. Fuller looked good in week 1, but vanished last week as his glass hamstring struck again. We've seen Cooks and Cobb improve with gametime (unsurprising as new additions). Hopefully Coutee has now been banished for good.  

Summary: I think we'll live or die by our O-Line this week. We know your defence is legit, and if our O-line can't manage to put in even an average performance then this will be ugly (our 3rd down completion rate against the Ravens testifies to this.) If the O-line plays to something resembling the cash and draft capital put into it, then this will be a competative game. Our defence is improving week on week against our new DC Weaver, important as I think we'll struggle to match you guys if it turns into a shootout just because of how weak our offence has looked up front.  

Heart: Texans 20 Steelers 17
Head: Steelers 27 Texans 13 (based on how good your D is and how shite our O-line has looked)"
"Please use this thread to post any trash talk about next week's opponent. Some people from their sub may come here to do the same, so please:

DO NOT DOWNVOTE VISITORS FOR USING THIS POST CORRECTLY. IT'S A TRASH TALK THREAD."
3rd best Watt coming to town
Bill O'Brien. Need I say more?
"Deshaun ""Watt's Son"""
"""Watson rolls out looks to his left and bang TOUCHDOWN TEXANS!!! Just like that it's 38-7 Steelers with 43 seconds left."""
"Great ready for an ass whooping Pittsburgh. 

35-7 Pittsburgh"
Gilmore deserved the DPOY last year
them Oilers about to be the best 0-3 team in the league
Deshaun Watson smokes mids
"Horn team bad, steel team good"
[deleted]
The Houston Texans. Name a more redundant name for a football team. Might as well have called themselves the Houston Houstonians.
"I’ve never seen a more whelming team than the Texans. Never really bad, never really good. Just kinda there."
"Deshaun Watson gave ""Cuties"" a thumbs-up on Netflix."
Is Will Fuller coming to town for a football game or a hamstring transplant at UPMC?
Trash talk? You mean Bill O Brien’s press conferences?
Hard to talk shit when your front office and hc are the same ass clown.  Enjoy your victory.
"The funny thing about name changes is a team formerly called "" Texans"" won a Superbowl this past year. That team even came back big against a team currently called the Texans."
Bengals= Browns=Texans
"I am 100% sure we're the better team, and I'm also very worried that we'll lose.  Trap game + the Texans REALLY don't want to go 0-3."
We have the best Watt
i'll tell you what houston. we will give you stephon tuitt and a third for jj watt. then you can have a younger player and draft capital and much like katrina relief we can rescue someone from your city.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I knew we were missing someone, can’t believe Ramon Castro retired so young."
I hope that David DeFoster guy on the o-line comes back next week!
I don't know if it will matter too much since it will let us sign Bud Watt next year.
What moron wrote that?
David Foster still around?
"Ah yes Ramon Castro happened when the Steelers unwittingly performed a Dragonball Z fusion dance after a Juju touchdown, and David DeCastro and Ramon Foster combined.  Pretty crazy to see someone play both left and right tackle at the same time."
Maurkice Villaneueva should fill in just fine
This aNaLySiS made me laugh. What does Zach Banner have to do with Ramon Castro? And where did David DeFoster go? Get JuJu Roethlisberger here!
This reminds me of when we had AB and Martavis and the “Antonio Bryant” mistakes we all made at least once in the heat of excitement.
"So this is something I gotta say about these websites. One of my best friends who writes about the PGA was picked to be their ""expert"". Dude rarely plays and couldn't break 120 on the local muni. But you read enough ESPN and social media and people are betting on what you write. Don't put money on something you don't understand yourself."
Ramon Castro? I hardly knew ya...*sniff*
"Oh well, we still got Chuks Banner"
Are we also going to just ignore that Dotson and Banner didnt play the same position?
RIP to the legend Jerry Porter
What in the actual heck is a Ramon Castro?
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
I love how juju is always the one confirming injury updates lmao
Is it fact if JuJu updates injuries lol that's a big plus to have him back.
"With Browns  
2010 - 5-11  
2011 - 4-11  
2012 - 5-6  
2013 - 4-11  
2014 - 7-8  
2015 - 2-3  
2016 - 1-12  

Total - 28-62  

With Steelers  
2017 - 9-2   
2018 - 9-6  
2019 - 8-8  
2020 - 2-0  

Total 28-16"
How long until some blue check twitter account tweets this?
"If the Steelers lost EVERY game for the remainder of this season and the TWO following seasons, his record in PGH would still only be EQUAL to his record in CLE."
I don’t care who the browns have on their roster they will forever and always be a big pile of dookie. Which is probably how they got Odell to play for them.
That's beautiful man good for Big Joe
orange team bad
Extreme waste of talent by the browns.
"Honestly, that's a better win average for the Browns than I what I was giving them in my head.

The Bermuda Triangle of Professional Football is real folks!

&#x200B;

Seek the Way, the Truth, and the Life!"
Joe haden is my dad
"This might be an apples-to-oranges thing...but I always thought that they have wasted so many 1st round picks on QBs because  they’ve improperly groomed them. I’m left wondering what could’ve been had those QBs been in a decent organization, would they still have been a bust?
If we expand that to all of the Brownies’ pedigree picks then imagine the career that Haden would’ve had if he were in a more supportive organization.  He has always been regarded as one the best CBs of this generation. Guy deserves a ring and I hope he gets one."
Can't believe this is what I'm going to be jerking off to tonight.
And Ben Roethlisberger is the QB who has won the most games in Cleveland since their return to the NFL.
"Browns fan here. Joe Haden is easily one of my favorite players, if not my favorite. He is the only player I have ever gotten a jersey for. When I heard he was going to the Steelers a few years ago, I was bittersweet. I was devastated at the fact that he was going to you guys, out of all of the teams in the NFL. But at the same time, I was happy for the man. He deserves to play for a team that he actually has a chance at winning a championship with. Thank you guys for treating him well."
"I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit:

- [/r/browns] [Joe Thomas has won as many games with the Steelers as with the Browns.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Browns/comments/iyp844/joe_thomas_has_won_as_many_games_with_the/)

&nbsp;*^(If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads.) ^\([Info](/r/TotesMessenger) ^/ ^[Contact](/message/compose?to=/r/TotesMessenger))*"
"So a player on good team wins more games than said player on a bad team. Hold on, I need a minute to digest this."
Lol
thats because the browns are race-baiting trash
""
I know he hasn't been a big name for the team but he's been around for so long at this point it's weird to see him go. I hope he's offered a roster spot elsewhere but I couldn't guess who would?
"Lol love how we’re giving him a send-off, like he’s finally leaving the nest 😂"
I hope he does well there. Big Dan is going to be so tempted by all the great food in Chicago to not be in great shape next year.
Good for him!
Hope he does well over there.
6 years with us as a late round pick. Was a decent rotational guy which is all you can ask of for a late rounder. Best of luck to him.
Bears get a rock in the middle of their kick blocking unit.
"Typical Days of Our Steelers. That lockeroom must be an awful place to be. Tomlin has lost control. 

/s"
[removed]
Pro bowl voting already?
I get the sentiment but I basically see this on every website. Especially annoying when it’s an ad and I’m already registered.
We voting for the steelers to beat the texans?
"Thanks, but what does this have to do with the Steelers?"
Please don't interrupt my bread and circuses subreddit with this bullshit.
Yeah I agree with this sentiment but honestly why are you posting this in this sub? Has literally nothing to do with the steelers. Lots of people in this sub aren't even American.
Whats this have to do with football or the steelers?
So important this year thank you!
""
"I love this man. Somehow someway I want to be able to sign Hilton again, but I'm afraid he's just gonna keep pricing himself out of our range"
"He’s awesome... I don’t know when his contract is up, but I can see him being a sad loss...."
"One his best games yet. His only real slip up was the roughing the passer penalty on a 3rd and 10, blatantly went up high when he could have just bailed out. Otherwise, he had a great game and love his fire."
"I honestly don’t know of another slot corner that plays with the skillset that Hilton has, and it fits so amazingly with what the Steelers do defensively. Obviously he’s one of the handful of guys who will be looking for a payday this offseason, and he certainly doesn’t take precedent over Watt or Minkah, but at this point I think he’s so valuable to this defense and such a perfect fit that he has to be resigned. I’d sacrifice every offensive FA except Juju in order to keep Hilton flying around in black and gold."
[deleted]
Very nice.
Awesome!! Where did you get these?
""
Probably to replace cullers on ps? Don't know who the dude is.
"6'9"" and 311 lbs? Let's give this guy a chance."
He was an UDFA for us and a final roster cut.  I want him just for the intangibles
""
WE LIFT WEIGHTS
"The best part was him talking to Ben about the DJ TD pass that he thought Ben was going to run, “I was thinking about it, but it was so far away”."
Joe Haden is hilarious
"What a goofball, I love him"
Oh man I love Joe H. Seeing him so happy winning as a Steeler brings joy. Its hard to remember he was a sad brownie all those years. Im really glad we have him.
Bens passes look on the money but some wombley messes at the same time. Dude keeps throwing off his back foot
why was this so funny?
""
I will never not upvote Spongebob
Don’t forget the bubble screen that leads to a loss of yards
"Yeah this is the most accurate thing i’ve ever seen. “If we run out of the shotgun on first down, they’ll never see it coming”"
I'll have a Ben call the plays in the no huddle. Make it a double please
"Bringing back the late 90s early 00s Steeler playbook. Run, run, pass, punt. Maybe see if Kordel is available too lol"
Don't forget the screen pass for -2 yds on 3rd and 12
I feel like play selection has been way better this season
"Really, though? 1st down plays against Denver:

* Ben fumbles, loses 8, follow up with a run
* pass to Ebron
* pass to Juju
* incomplete to DJ
* incomplete to Ebron, followed by incomplete to DJ
* somehow inexplicably make it to the 2 where a 1st-down run is finally called
* shotgun handoff to Snell
* pass to Washington
* pass to DJ
* run balled back for holding
* 1st & 16 pass to DJ
* 3 straight incompletions to punt
* 84-yard TD
* shotgun handoff to Conner
* pass to Conner

you get the picture."
I think one thing that's going to help the offense out the most is the addition of more presnap motions. This should help identify coverages and etc.
Except Ben's calling for pass about 60 percent of the time
What about the toss play out of shotgun
[deleted]
"Playing the long game.  Do this then when they wise up and stop us we switch it up!  Wait, they aren't shutting us down?  I guess just keep doing this then..."
I am so ok with this ...
Good ol' Randy Fish-ner
Ten Yards is Ten Yards!
I have to say I liked the idea of the jet sweep on the first play. Maybe just don't drop the hand off next time.
"Look.  At least we haven't pitched the ball 6 yards deep on a 4th and 1.  So, still better than Haley."
"What is it about the name randy that just makes me hate someone? 

God damn it randy"
"To be fair, I thought the first half of the Broncos game was called pretty good"
How about a draw play on 3rd and long?  Super original there
Im tired of fitchner he is doo doo and needs to go man. We can the same 5 plays every game and act like we're not being predictable.
so we ran on first down three times last game minus the awful DJ end-around...
it’s haley all over again
I for one miss Todd Haley.
""
"This dude was a G when I was a kid. I was a military brat during the 90s and it was great bc I could trade all my football cards of other teams for steelers cards (we had Denver, Greenbay and Eagles kids on my block). Brings back so many memories of 6-9 year old me. I remember watching him lay people out and than trying to re-enact the plays on madden. So glad to see our D-fence dominating once again! The tripple B thing was cool and all but I will take a good D over a good offence any day."
"Hope I’m not breaking the rules by posting this video, hope you guys enjoy it. God bless!!"
""
Mike Hilton’s current contract is for $3.29 million this year and will be a UFA next year.
"I remember my dad saying during the last game ""Hilton gets the game ball""

Dude was EVERYWHERE."
Ugh I’m gonna miss him :/
"A lot of games Hilton hides in the best way...

...but when he shows up he lights up the highlight film."
"He deserves more recognition, but we need less articles like this until we can resign him, then let’s shower him with recognition"
Does anyone think he could realistically be a starting outside corner?
"Our defensive coordinator seems to like using him, we may reach to keep him. How many sacks we have against the broncos , 3?"
I'm guessing we'll be capped if we try to sign a longterm deal?
"A lot of people talk about his surprise blitzing off the edge that works remarkably well, or his coverage in the slot that also deserves praise...but one thing that goes unsung about him is his tackling. For a small guy...this dude is a pit bull. He is not afraid to try and take on any offensive player whether it’s a lineman or skill player. He always wants to make a play, and has the heart of what it takes to be a stand out defender on a team with so much raw talent and ability."
I love the respect we give this man because he deserves every bit of it.
"Yes, he does"
""
I hope the offense plays less conservative and Ben feasts on Sunday
"Frankly, I don't care about his sexuality.  Good for him for coming out next week, nice that he can finally be comfortable just being himself.  I just wanna see him catch the ball and score."
"As much as I would love to see them stretch and test the Texans defense, I think they'll be too afraid of Watson to try to open up. I'd expect them to try to get the run game going, work the short and intermediate passing game, and try to maintain control of the game. I think it will probably work, but I think it's going to drive me insane."
"I think last week was his coming out part.  I'm hoping we can maintain a lead this week and not need him anyways.  Tomlin doesn't like overexposing rookies if he doesnt have to, and hes one of those people where I wouldnt mind there not being much film on him when we do need him.  I'm thinking it will be a good week for Juju and DJ though"
"I think Claypool has as high an upside as anyone, but let's be real. WRs have a very complex job, and playing at the highest level has more to do with experience than physical prowess.  He won't have one coming out game more likely than not, but will gradually progress throughout the year as he learns the playbook.  

He'll make great gains next year I think with a full off season under his belt.  That's when we'll really see."
"He's already a real weapon.  Mostly because we have enough really good targets that no team can afford to dedicate a schemed coverage to a nine route by a rookie #4 wideout.  That, and we have a guy who can push the ball downfield to him to exploit mismatches.

But to have a real debut, he'll have to wait on injury or future season.  It's just not feasible that he's going to see any real kind of target volume till he's higher on the pecking order.

But I enjoy the idea of his having a year like Martavis's rookie session, where he doesn't touch the ball all that often, but every time he does, it's in a situation where he's an immediate threat to take it to the house."
""
Over/under on broadcast mentions? I'd put it at 4.5.
"I just read an article that said 1930, but I remember hearing 1927 from the Edmunds game last year.  I wonder which is correct."
Did the nessers never play in the same game or was that before 1927?
"So wouldn't this be the third time then? Since it was the Watt, Edmunds, and Rooney."
[deleted]
"The sub wouldn't be the same without fresh yinzer opinions. Voice your unpopular thoughts, hot takes and bold predictions here about anything football related.

Hate an admired player/coach? Love a hated player/coach? Do you actually \*like\* Roger Goodell? Think Jesse didn't catch it? (He did.) Any opinion about the Steelers, the rest of the league, or the game in general are accepted! Throw 'em all here!

Responding to someone's comment to create civil discussion and changing opinions are encouraged. DON'T be a damn jagoff and turn it into a toxic argument.

# - Do NOT downvote others because you don't like their opinion.

# - Downvote/Report content that BREAK THE RULES.

# - This thread is intended to NOT shame others who have different ideas and thoughts that go against the grain of the metas in the sub.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And as always, **DON'T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.**"
Chase Claypool is going to be a league wide name by end of next season and on the level of some of the top receivers in the game.
[deleted]
Derek > TJ and JJ
"Warm Take 1A:

In 2018, the Steelers had an insanely talented offense with a ton of continuity everywhere. They were 6th in DVOA, 4th in yards, 6th in points, and 1st in red zone percentage offensively.

In 2019, they had the worst QB play in years. They stunk.

In 2020, they have a QB a year removed from playing football, with no preseason and short training camp, throwing to basically one receiver that he has any sort of a rapport with, and behind an offensive line that has sustained multiple injuries. They're 14th in DVOA, 14th in points (although one additional touchdown puts them 6th), 14th in yards, and 20th in the red zone.

The Steelers are playing an ultra conservative game plan to let Roethlisberger ease into things. They're getting the ball out fourth fastest in the league, they're throwing the sixth shortest in terms of intended air yards, and they're still managing to pull off an above average offense. People need to be patient with the offense and lay-off Fichtner a bit - he's the same guy that put together that 2018 offense after all.

Warm Take 1B:

Everyone hates the wide receiver screens. I hate them too. Everyone yells at Fichtner for calling them, the same way they yelled at Haley for calling them and Arians for calling them. Since they've endured through three offensive coordinators, maybe it's actually Roethlisberger who likes them."
Mike Hilton will make it to the Pro Bowl this year.
"It doesn't matter who we hand the ball off to, Ben is killing the running game in favor of having us run a shitton of plays out of the shotgun. I see us run so many running plays out of the shotgun,  which the Steelers simply aren't very good at run plays out of the shotgun, and a lot of times it feels Ben checks to that when he feels the pass play isnt there and just let Conner/Snell get whatever they can.

To be clear, I don't even think this is even something Randy is pushing, I think its mostly Ben's idea that he wants to run the offense out of the shotgun, or at least an agreement between the two.

We went out and got Derek Watt this offseason, but for what? The 4-5 goal line plays we get per game? Our offense would probably benefit greatly from at least a bit more plays under center so that the O-line can pull out for run plays that they are so good at doing and maybe we can throw some play-action in there. 

All in all though I'm not sure it even matters that much since Ben has shown he can read blitzes and get the ball out very quickly to the open man. It's just disappointing that it seems like we are heading back to the offensive pattern of 2018 where we threw the ball a shitton and had one of the worst running attacks  *relative to the rest of the league*."
"Terrell Edmunds

Pretty solid."
"I just have a bad feeling about this Texans games. I'm guessing the Steelers come out sloppy and either the offense turns it over or Watson eats. Last 2 times the Steelers faced a 0-2 team they lost. Those were the Mike Glennon Bears and 2016 Eagles. Not exactly world beaters, and I think Houston is much better than those two."
[deleted]
"Randy Fichtner shouldn’t be OC. 

Pittsburgh offensive struggle is rusty because we didn’t have a preseason, we will look like one of the best offenses in the league by the end of the season. 

We beat the Texans 28-7."
Stephon Tuitt and Vince Williams are our best run defenders and it ain't even close.
Two words: trap game
We will go undefeated.
"Very hot take: I have us starting out the season 7-0, here’s why, if we beat the browns will start warming up. Combine that with a win against the titans and were on fire. Next will have a game against the ravens, this is when things get crazy, my prediction is a mink an Fitzpatrick interception to seal the game. After this we will be basically unstoppable only losing to the bills. 15-1 going into the playoffs. (As I said scolding hot take)"
"* The single greatest cause of contention and disagreement among fans of the same team is the fans who pay little to no attention to the topic, but think they do, so they have a very cartoonish view of the real world that they dogmatically stand by. The view seems to be that players with certain ratings and reputations are always perfect and the only component of a team responsible for success. Everyone else is a replaceable scrub, or a coach who is just a figurehead along for the ride on the back of those talented players. Most of the contention and disagreement is normal people attempting to inform those other people how the real world actually works, that no human is perfect and it's possible for a normally great player to have a bad game or play (and vice-versa), but it's not anything nuanced about football or the Steelers specifically.
* Speaking of ""not anything nuanced about football or the Steelers specifically,"" if I were a gambler, I'd probably bet on the Texans on Sunday. I hope I'm wrong. Even if I'm not, the preemptive response is no, a loss to the 0-2 Texans won't mean that Tomlin, Fichtner, Terrell Edmunds, or any other fan-favorite scapegoat should be kicked off the team, or that there's any concern for their future status with the team.
* I'll edit this comment to add more if and when I think of them."
"Unpopular Opinion: Since it wouldn't take much at all, I think we should trade for Rosen(or at least try him out). He shouldn't be worth more than a 4th."
"This week - Texans win in OT 

This season - Ben gets hurt week 7 and we trade for Carson Wentz"
"Dupree is a more talented player than TJ, despite TJ being the much better player overall."
"Hot takes you say?

Ok by the end of the season Claypool will be #1, opposite him will be DJ with JuJu working out of the slot.

Hotter take, due to my first hot take the front office will prioritize trying to sign Bud Dupree over Juju."
We need to snag Robert Saleh the moment we can
""
*~When he lays down next to you~*
Some penalties are worth taking
Nuk was so pissed about that lol
Bince one of the all time greats
I was at this game! Great times
This was amazing. Is there a clip of this anywhere?
so cozy. did D Hop ever respond to this anywhere? lmao
Merry Christmas indeed
God I love Vince Williams haha
"Oh, Vincenzo."
Spooning?
""
"Hope he does well there. He'd give us about one or two good plays a year, but never developed the nasty streak he needed to dominate consistently."
Dude is just big. Literally the reason he had a job. I don’t think I could fill one hand with the plays he has made in 6 years.
"Had high hopes for Big Dan, wish him well."
""
"Was impressed with Dotson for his first game albeit against a banged up Broncos team, but so excited to have DeCastro back! Such a vital piece to this offense and should help keep Ben from getting too rustled."
"This is great news. A huge part of this weird season with no camp or preseason is going to be which team can stay the healthiest. Having our full compliment O-line is going to go a long way to keeping Ben standing.

I am mega hype for our revamped offense"
Bruh I thought this guy had a full on metal leg photoshopped in this
I hope they limit him or sit him for the game Sunday. I’d rather make sure he’s 100% than get another injury and be out for the season. One more week wouldn’t hurt??
Anyone every notice Decastro is always looking down in every clip of him pass protecting. I have to think he’s reading hips/feet first.
"Hey guys. As someone who doesn’t really watch Steelers games (I’m a pats fan pls don’t ruin me) I see that Derek Watt is getting tackles. I tried to look it up but couldn’t find answers, does he play special teams?

EDIT: deleting this post when someone answers"
You are correct. He is on special teams. He finished tied for first in the NFL for special teams tackles last year with 16.
"Why delete the post? Someone else might ask the same question.

And yeah, he's a bit of a special teams ace."
When needed he cut the grass and things of that nature
"Yes, he was primarily signed as a special teams contributor. The steelers don't make a whole lot of use of fullbacks on offense."
No he just randomly tackles his own team's players every once in a while just to keep things interesting
""
""
He got off
money talks.
Happy ending for Kraft
Of course just like his team he will have that asterisk next to his name
I knew he'd get a fair rub.
Don't you know?  Rich old white men don't commit crimes in Trump's America!
This really rubs me the wrong way.
relevance?
""
Ben usually never gives a fuck about his mechanics. this is good
"His arm looks fine, strength is there and he has been mighty accurate. He just needs to get back the groove of setting his feet. 

Dude is usually rusty this time of year so if he looks as good as he does now I’m September the league is fucked when December Ben arrives. That throw on the run to Dionte was a clear sign he very much still has it."
Fit Ben is feeling light on his feet.
"Yesss stop throwing them wobbly messes off your back foot. Arm strength is there, accuracy is there. Just make em easier to catch by getting your feet set and throwing them dime spirals"
"This might be the best, most invested version of Ben that we have ever seen"
[removed]
[deleted]
""
I assume he will be fine.
Wednesday doesn’t count
Claypool 3 TD game incoming
"Even if Juju doesn't play, it's ok. The rest of the WR corps is strong and the Texans secondary is trash."
"Damn, hope it's nothing major. If he's out I'm still more than comfortable rolling with DJ, Washington, and Mapletron."
"Forget Claypool, I want to see washington break more tackles, more of anything from him in his third pro season. We’ll be fine without Juju for a game."
Everyone told me yesterday it was no big deal because it was Wednesday. Same thing for today?
no time to practice but plenty of time to stream fortnite later like he did yesterday i'll wager
[deleted]
They've only run the ball 4 times all year on 3rd down. They've passed the ball 23 times on third down and their 43% success rate on those plays is good for 12th best in the league.
The play calling be like...just fine.
""
Can’t wait for the first ever Watt Bowl. Good luck! Hoping to see a great game! :)
Look at me. TJ is the daddy now.
Best of luck to yall! But I would be lying if I said I don't wanna see derek pancake block JJ on a run play lol
"Pittsburgh born, Houston raised.

I will forever bleed for the Steelers but JJ is a Texas treasure and I am so thrilled to see all three boys on the same field Sunday."
T-Pain better so the half time show
If we get three more Watts we can complete the infinity gauntlet
This doesn't look like peace
Nice fantasying.  But the reality is JJ is old and TJ is hitting his prime.  This meme should be JJ gray and in a rocking chair with TJ feeding him soft foods and wiping the smush off JJ's face.
The time when you had the best Watt must seem like a distant memory.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Like... Are you people serious?

What is with these posts? The playbook has been pretty diverse since the 2nd quarter of game 1.

Both TEs and all 4 WRs have multiple targets and catches.

All 3 RBs have caught passes.

Diontae has run a reverse in both games. He's caught screens, bubble screens, long slants. Juju the same. Claypool has run out routes and GO routes. Washington has been used on the outside and over the middle with the TEs.

We had an amazing shovel pass to Juju in game 1. The rub routes were also done very, very well and gave us a couple big plays including a touchdown.

We ran a lot of counters with Snell. We've done a lot of HB dives. We did a few sweeps.

Can you guys not be sheep / parrots and actually watch the games?

- lol you posted 2 of the same meme one after the other... What's your issue with the play calling? My issue is with poor blocking and Ben throwing into the dirt on open receivers. Running backs missing their holes. The play calling has not been a problem."
"I mean...the Ben ""eat it or yeet it"" arm punt sometimes comes on first down or third down. Who knows?!?"
"I can only name Cowhers. And it went like this run, run, Pass. And it was either 1st down or they punted after the pass."
I think the play call has been pretty solid so far this year. Just a little rusty but should come together.
Last year wildcat
"“I mean Ben is like, Huck it.... chuck it...... football!”"
[deleted]
Qb sneak!
"Screen., Screen , Screen ,screen and oh yeah screen"
Spider y2k banana
run run run pass punt.
"Play 1: toss sweep

Play 2: Screen

Play 3: HB dive (with WR in motion)

Play 4: Shovel pass

Play 5: Oh shit we need a play that goes past 6 yards...uhhh...Verts"
Better than Todd Haley’s screen every other play plan.
">I'm no genius

You could have stopped there"
[deleted]
I'd say Ben is definetly still shaking off rust from not playing for nearly a year and having an injured elbow. Play calling I'm sure is also a factor.
"He's got the 4th lowest time to throw in the league right now. He's not holding onto the ball very long at all. Also, he's on pace for 4320 yards and 40 TDs so it's not really like he's struggling here.

It's early in the season and they're in the top half of the league in scoring with a QB that has no preseason and hadn't played in a year."
You think the offense is struggling?
"You forget our line.  They have done better than I thought they might, but some of them are getting older, one retired, there have been injuries and all kinds of other factors.  It takes time for a line to work as a group, and when there are constant changes it makes a difference.  

Heck, all those changes are why I am surprised they have done as well as they have.  I was particularly impressed by Dotson's performance last week."
"Front seven with Cam Heyward, Bud Dupree, TJ Watt, and Devin Bush. Secondary with Fitzpatrick. WR corps of Mr. Big Chest, Juju Smith Schuster, Chase Claypool, Diontae Johnson, and James Washington. Big Ben at QB. Offfenisve line with Alejandro Villinueva, David Decastro, and Maurkice Pouncey"
"We wouldn't have had Devin Bush without MBC leaving.  We might not have been able to get Fitzpatrick.  

You're acting like we can always have it all, when in fact our trading away MBC is what allowed the signings of some of these players.  

Now we have all these players PLUS an amazing and young WR corp that is selfless and works together as a unit.  

We are better off without him in every way."
He’d take up a lot of cap space that we’re gonna NEED
Id rather have Diontae at 1 mil than MBC at 20 mil given the composition of the rest of the team.
"Well if he never went crazy we wouldn't have Bush, Dionte, Claypool, and maybe Minkah. Ben and Juiu wouldn't have this chip on this shoulder."
"Nowhere near where we are now. 

If you think we go WR hunting like we have if we still had him on the roster you're crazy. We would have lost a few key players especially on the offensive and defensive lines. Hell we're still hugely up against cap and aren't sure if we can retain everything we currently have. 

There's no way we blow our 2nd round pick on Claypool or anything like that. Hell we might not have been able to secure Fitzpatrick via trade because when Miami took that trade they were anticipating a top 10 if not top 5 pick because they team was struggling.

With AB in the mix I'm not so sure we were able to trade up as easily because everyone would be waiting for that Rudolph to AB connection.

We'd be in a completely different boat if that tool was still on the roster instead of sitting at home hoping someone will look past all his legal issues and suspensions to give him yet another shot after blowing it with not one, not two, but three teams in nearly as many months."
It can't really be better than 2-0 right now. I think we all need to appreciate what we have.
"In addition to everyone pointing out that we would be in cap hell, we also would not have Diontae Johnson, since we drafted him with a pick we got from the Raiders in the MBC trade."
It's addition by subtraction.
"That’s really not how it works. 

If the AB saga never went down then this team would be completely different on both sides of the ball. You can’t just take a past player and plug him into this lineup as if everything would’ve happened exactly the same."
"I’ll take this offense over the 2015-2018 offense hands down. Maybe not as explosive, but still very powerful with a better overall collection of receivers (imo) and not even close to being as toxic and juvenile."
"The problem with Big Chest was always that he loved Big Chest and his stats and his stardom and his money more than the team and winning championships.  So NO, he had his opportunity to be THIS GOOD and it didn't happen.  I'm glad we have moved past him and his shenanigans."
"We're better without him.  I know that sounds stupid because he's AB, but team chemistry exists, we're better when Ben spreads the ball with lower volume, and our receivers are good as it is."
"the team we have now wouldnt be the same even if we had a non crazy ab. we wouldnt have the same players and i would still have traded ab in 2016 after the locker room incident for a kings ransom.  


imagine if you will....  
Step 1.  
trade ab in 2016.   
get a first and second.   
draft tj watt still.  


Step 2. THEN DRAFT tredavious white. boom. defense gets a FUCKING ENORMOUS BOOST. trade burns for a doughnut. cut golson that day  


for reference these were our corners in 2017.  
Artie Burns, William Gay, Ross Cockrell, Senquez Golson, Coty Sensabaugh.  


Step 3.   
Draft Budda Baker to replace Mike Mitchell. cut robert golden. never sign nat berhe the fuckin bum.  or the bum jj wilcox.  


That would mean our Defense would have been:   
tj watt, heyward, tuitt, dupree  
shazier/bush and vince/fort  
white/haden/ cockrell/gay/sutton, hilton  
davis, baker, dangerfield allen"
"Mr. Big Chest is Mr. Old Chest, now.  He'd probably be good but not anything close to great if he didn't jack off on a non-consenting woman's back."
[deleted]
"WTF do people want? We're 2-0 with a QB who almost lost his career due to injury, and people just want to complain about the tight ends and fullback not getting enough touches."
"I think when it’s all said and done you’re not going to see anyone with real eye popping, top of the NFL receiving stats from this team. Ben feeds a lot of the receivers. Didn’t read the article."
This is silly...Enron’s stats are going to be just so-so because there aren’t enough catches to go around.  He’ll make some game changing plays this year in key moments.
Ebron projects for 500 and 30+ catches right now. I think that’s all we can expect this year
"If people were expecting Travis Kelce or George Kittle, they are going to be disappointed. We never use our Tight Ends like that. 

Even in Heath Miller’s prime, he was always more of a blocking Tight End. 

I don’t like it but it is what it is."
"People need to chill. We already know what Vance is... Ebron may have a higher ceiling but it's going to take time to get some chemistry with Ben.

And this WR core is loaded. People are really whining about the fullback not being on the field when it means taking someone like Claypool or Washington off of it."
Vance McDonald was worth whatever they paid him just for that stiff arm against Tampa Bay alone
"Writers in a panic with us being 2-0, reaching for stories"
"When the argument gets made that we could get an elite tight end for their price, it misses the fact that a single tight end no matter how elite can't run multiple tight end sets, or back himself up. There's value in having multiple tight ends who are starter quality, even if they're below average starters."
Ridiculous.
The tight ends will get theirs. We have a lot of mouths to feed in this offense and only one ball. We might not see huge numbers out of the tights ends but they will have their days.
"This article is nothing more than a rebranded Reddit comment.  

First, Ebron was likely signed knowing Vance is gone next year.  

Second, Ebron wasn’t signed with the expectation he’d have 70 receptions and 1000 yds.  His value is in the red zone and the attention he draws which opens things up for other weapons.  

You can’t measure his (or any TE not named Kittle or Kelce) real world value by his fantasy stats.  It’s like trashing Nick Chubb’s value to CLE because they turn the keys over to Hunt near the goal line."
Well... with how little we seem to be using Vance... he is a bit of a waste.  But both cannot be a waste.  Blocking and just being in for formations and eating up some coverage as even a distraction is always valid.
"Most of these ""value"" based articles completely ignore the fact that one can't just go out into the market and pick up X player at Y cost at will.  AKA they complete ignore the effects of market scarcity.  I mean, you can't just go out and pick up a Kittle even if you're willing to spend because he's not a widget or fungible talent.  Classic stat nerd mistake."
RF doesn’t know how to use half the players on offense.
Wait til we play the Ravens......just sayin
"Poor article, and looks like a shitty site.  Please do not share more from there.  Most ""team content"" sites are cobbled together by people who would contribute more to society if they stuck to flipping hamburgers and scrubbing crappers.  This is no exception."
""
Who are the 1-2% of neutral fans thinking the Browns or Bengals had a chance at the division title?
"God damn this is an ugly graph. 

I can’t even tell what I’m looking at after reading an entire paragraph explaining it."
"Here are the results to the [5th annual /r/nfl preseson prediction survey](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/izih8p/annual_preseason_prediction_survey_results_are_in/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf ). We had over 5,000 respondents, with fans from all 32 teams.  Over the years this has a track record of identifying improbable division winners before the season starts, based on the homer index. [You can see each fan bases individual playoff picks here](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/izijnm/annual_survey_results_are_in_here_is_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf)

In 2016, the Cowboys had the highest homer index score (68%), and the Seahawks, followed closely with a (65%) index score, as the rest of the league was on the Giants and Cardinals bandwagon.

In 2017, the Jags and Rams both had 70%+ index scores, and I called them dellusional.  I was left eating crow as they both won their division.

Last year, the Titans scored the highest homer index score ever of 80%, and Vikings came in second with 75%. Neither won their division, but both won playoff games as underdogs.

This year, the Colts (68%) and Bears (66%) had the highest homer index score. We'll see how the fair this year.

**Division highlights:**


**AFCE** - Vast majority on the **Bills, Patriots** to fans not so sure.

**AFCN** - **Ravens** have 2nd highest neutral pick at 88%, **Steelers** fans still confident.

**AFCS** - A lot of optimism in division amungst fans, **Titans** with slight edge, but no majority amongst of neutral fans, **Colts** have the largest homer index.

**AFCW** - **Chiefs** are nearly unanimous picks to repeat as division winners. **Chargers** set the record (destroyed might be a better word) for the dumbness metric, with more than a 26% of them picking the **Chargers** to win the super bowl while also not picking them to make the playoffs. For context, league average “dumbness” this was 2%. 


**NFCE** - **Eagles** and **Cowboy** fans nealry equally confident, but netral fans have a significant preferance for the **Cowboys**.

**NFCN** - No neutral majority, but clear two horse race, **Packer** fans noticably more confident than the **Vikings**. **Bears** have 2nd largest homer index.

**NFCS** - **Saints** fans aren't scared of the new look **Bucs** at all, most confident fan base in league at 100% on winning division. Only the **Rams** fans did that last year, and we all saw how that turned out.

**NFCW** - Neutral fans have a preferance for the **49ers**, but **Seahawks** fans are nearly as confident."
This great!
"Yeah, well, that's just like your opinion, man."
"The ""leauge"" doesn't support anything but wins and losses.  And occasionally Tom Brady.

The posters here have confidence that legions of embittered fans of lesser franchises don't support, largely because their garbage teams never amount to much of anything, while we stockpile Lombardis like toilet paper in a pandemic.

Our confidence is ""supported"" by 2-0, by the best defense in football, by a fully armed and operational HOF QB throwing to the best young WR corps in football, and by year after year after year of our fans, our coaches, and our front office being correct in assessing that our chances are pretty F'ing good."
Lol the Panthers fans were brutally honest with themselves
"Only 19% of “neutral” responders picked New England to win the AFC East? Seems insanely low. Also, 66% of Lions fans expected to win their division?"
""
"JJ: What are you doing?!

Derek: Burying you!

TJ: They'll never find your stats when we're through with you!"
"D-D-D-D-D-D-Der-ek.  D-D-D-D-D-D-Der-ek.

[Reference](https://youtu.be/cmaMnqrNM8o)"
JJ: Why are you so sweaty?
This is glorious!
I'm gonna put my NUTSACK on your DRUMSET
Hilarious!
You have to call me Dragon
I got a belly full of white dog shit and you hit me with this!??!!!?
Amazing
Prestige Worldwide-wide-wide! Did we just become best friends?
I can't wait to see Derek put his nutsack on JJ's drum set
she says I had the old bull....now I want the young calf.... now she grabs me by the wiener... SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
Talk about a SACK amiwrite.
"Okay, now this is pretty epic"
I’m gonna put my nut set on your drum sack!
"JJ: Fuck you TJ, I know you touched my drumset and I want to hear that dirty little mouth admit it!

TJ: You get out of my face or I'm going to roundhouse your ass!"
[removed]
If we win 5 games that’s more that 4
I don’t concern myself with future games and things of that nature :)
One game at a time bud
"All I know is a year ago my faith in the season was dead. 

Let's worry about Sunday before we worry about 4-0 and beating the Titans."
""
"Well, yknow, except for the guys we have on IR...     

So glad to have DeCastro back this week though!!"
Beyond stoked to have DeCastro back.
Bless the knees. Bless the knees. Bless the knees
[This does put a smile on my face.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/032/638/This_Does_Put_A_Smile_On_My_Face_Banner.jpg)
You love to see it.
[Good news everyone!](https://i.giphy.com/media/3zFcbgHoIXzykQc7vU/giphy.webp)
"Yes, this is a beautiful thing."
"So, the opposite of the penguins season.  I'm for it!!"
Thank God Hassenauer is fine
😳
Except Zach Banner :(
""
"What kind of job? I'm sure an ""accident"" could happen"
yuck emoji
"Light it ablaze and just walk away. If anyone asks, the car asked you to get in a limo with it."
I occasionally have to do work at clients in the Baltimore-metro area. You guys should see the crap down there. I always pass by a guy's house which is right next to the Ravens training facility and has a gigantic bus painted with a Ravens scheme.
"Pray trust wait sounds like Ratswings playbook

pray we dont fumble

trust lamar

wait to see how long he can run"
Bet you can store a stabbed dead body in there just in case Ray calls you to hangout.
"They wanna be us so bad the sticker on the top left says ""Pit"""
You should ask him where he got that decal on the back. Just got a Jetta and thinking about putting the Steelers logo on the back of the car
""
"Blitzburgh never left, we have led the league in sacks 3 years running. Now we just have the rest of the pieces to help elevate the defense."
"Every time our defense plays another team we need to play Rains of Castamere

Edit: I'm glad people got this reference"
"They're not gonna blitz at that extreme of a pace for the entire season. I would guess that as soon as defenses start to gameplan for it they start backing off and playing more coverage. Especially if teams max protect.

It wouldnt shock me if they hardly blitz this week."
Unique challenge this week with an accurate mobile QB. Can’t over blitz.
Looks promising but holding my breath until we take home some hardware
Our Defense needs to step the fuck actually... communication is killing us.
[removed]
""
I like that the hypocycloids are smiling.
This is the content that keeps me coming back.
That guy's hair piece looks like a Steelers helmet.
This is the content I subscribed for
Wholesome energy radiates from this image
"I have a bad feeling about this game. The Texans are 0-2 and they're ""due"" a win. I hope we get the W, but I'm not holding my breath.

That said... GO STEELERS!"
Anyone from r/tampabaylightning will tell you the powers of the MS Paint is real
"It's the first game of the season I'll be watching, so I'm psyched! I don't have DirectTV and there are no bars open, so the only way I can watch is with my friends. It's their son's bday this Sunday, too, so I'm going to their place for both things. :)"
Which side of the helmet is the logo on?
Is that a smiley face wearing a Steeler themed dildo on its head?
That bull’s nose is smiling!
__[WHAT UP!!!](https://imgur.com/gallery/MWsrw66)__
"The Bull should be frowning. 

Perhaps even crying after Sunday."
Super wholesome. Thank you u/pandae
I showed my partner this and her response was “that’s so dumb and so cute”
I love these. Wish you would have made one for Week 1
3-0 seems like a very achievable goal. I’ll take as many W’s as possible early on.
[deleted]
""
"What a cutie!  He looks a lot like my sister's dog, and we have no idea what kind of breed he might be."
""
Fuck the Ravenclaws.
This is kind of funny. We fans find meaning in everything.
I was so happy when I was sorted in to Hufflepuff (on Pottermore). That way I could buy colors that already matched 3/4 of my wardrobe.
no no no. the rule is and always fuck slytherins.
"Color wise, Huffepuff. But we're the brave and mighty team always pumping out heroes so that makes us Gryffindor."
"hufflepuff is the worst though...

edit: TRIGGERED HUFFLEPUFFERS BELOW"
"So I will be flying all day tomorrow and am unable to tape the game at my house because it isn’t shown on my local stations. Does anyone know of a way to watch a game after the fact? 

Here We Go

P.S. praying for Derek to get a nice block on JJ at some point"
"Someone just told me about the game pass free trial, doesn’t seem like a bad idea"
I enjoy watching NFL game recaps on Facebook. They might have other sources but it's a condensed version of the game with all the key plays.
"They've been putting a lot of full games up on youtube a day or two after lately. Seems like they've finally realized that keeping NFL content off youtube was only bad for their business. Now they're giving it away so creators can make channels and it's essentially free advertising. 

Live is still paid for, and gamepass gives you that sweet instant access and redzone. That's the real drug the NFL wants to sell you. That redzone crack. That live injection."
"nflfullhd.com

Sometimes takes a couple hours or so for the game to get uploaded, but it's a full replay without commercials and bullshit, and usually pretty high quality."
""
"Hahahaha you can totally tell this is such a homer article.

The proposed trade is a 5th and a 6th for fucking BJ Finney who would transfer with a 2-year $6MM deal if traded. The author just living in fantasy land."
"I'd rather stick with Dotson.  Pretty sure Dotson could learn Center in the next couple months.  Pouncey is not getting any younger.  Finney had a strong first few seasons, but he dropped off fairly noticeably his last 2 seasons with us."
"If this was made between week 1 and 2 I'd consider it with Dotson being very unproven... but even if it was just luck, his first start was fucking perfect.  And DeCastro is most likely back... two late picks for depth is not worth it.

&#x200B;

If they wanted to dump him for a 6th, sure.  Not sure I'd do it at this time for a 5th."
"No thanks. I’m fine with Kevin Dotson. Also, we don’t have a 5th this year. That’s Baltimore property"
"It’s not inconceivable that the Steelers would trade for Finney if they have significant injury problems along the offensive line as the trade deadline approaches. But no way the Steelers give up 2 draft picks for him. The most they would offer is a 7th, I would think. Not sure they could fit that much salary under their 2020 cap either. Which is why such a deal would have to happen very close to the trade deadline."
The Steelers didn't value him enough
"they should have never let finney go.finney should have started at left guard in 2019, he should be there again this year. feiler should have stayed at right tackle.  


whoever downvoted his is an idiot. foster was terrible last year."
""
"James Farrior, Greg Lloyd, Troy Polamalu, Mike Wagner, and Dwight White."
I can't believe it took so long for Webster to get in.
Wonder if Troy will come back for the ceremony? Hope he does but I can understand if he does not.
""
Did anyone else notice when Hilton’s penalty was according to the article
"Hilton’s penalty was stupid (on his part), Minkah’s I felt was a little bit of a tacky call."
Rubbin is racing.
"> Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick was also fined $11,619

r/oddlyspecific"
[deleted]
"Weighs in Excess of 30 pounds????

wow...that's a heavy book

The Classic Edition weighs over 70 lbs."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Hes still a lot better than an 80. They should probably change Tj’s to like a 97 too
Imagine spending an annual 60$ on the same exact game from 2012 with worse mechanics that’s ruled by micro transactions since ea doesn’t give a fuck about making a good game
They just gave him a new 86 in MUT
It’s still low.
There's a reason madden is rated like 2.0 on metacritic.
"Still one of the better way to learn popular NFL defensive schemes.  If you diagram out what each guy does on each of those calls, you'll be a top 5% knowledgeable football fan, easy.  This is not to mention the boost it'll give to your Madden game to never blow an assignment out of ignorance and/or picking the right guy to free lance with."
[removed]
"I’m talking about the uniforms seen [here](https://www.newspressnow.com/sports/no-21-pitts-holds-off-no-24-louisville-23-20/article_828b14ac-c38b-50af-9a07-b25642269bd1.html)

It just feels like a wasted opportunity for that our home and throwbacks look so similar."
"Nah. The Steelers have the best uniforms in the NFL and should never deviate.

Same with Pitt. Pitt's home jerseys are the best looking jerseys in all of sports."
There aren't enough downvotes in the world for those Oregon-Duck-Wannabe festivals of hideous.
"Not a fan of the greywash at all

I’d sooner take the prison stripe uniforms"
"Boo.  I don't think we need alternates at all.  Our unis are great.  But if the NFL is going to insist on alternates to sell the merch (can't blame them, it's a business) I want something that screams STILLERS!"
"Grey uniforms are just always so boring. No variant of making them more *Steeler-esque* will make grey less boring. The only grey uniform that works in my mind is the Seahawks 3rds and that’s even a stretch. 

If there is any change at all to the unis it should be block numbers, maybe with the Steelers patch, whites go the same way. 

Color rush stays. Bumblebee unis come back once a year."
Cool but not very steelers. I vote to bring back the bumble bees
Meh.  Maybe mix in the metal gray but don't make it the whole uniform.
""
"We really need to pump the breaks on our untethered optimism. 

I want the Steelers to succeed as much as anyone but we have only played two games against average garbage. And we did not win convincingly in either. 

Confidence levels are high but we got to remember it’s only week 3."
"If Fuller is healthy I wouldn’t at all be surprised if we saw a lot of max protect. That, and picking on Bush in coverage with Akins/Duke/DaJohnson"
[deleted]
Is that ray ray McCloud? Number 14?
Tj looks likes he flying in circles
""
WATT BOWL HYPE
Score predictions? I say Steelers 24-20
It's still 11 pm for me :/
IM AWAKE LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
"Fucking Week 3. 

There have been signs of greatness. There have been signs of rust. There has been Mike Tomlin wanting more and not settling for anything but perfection. 

This week the Pittsburgh Steelers answer the bell and back up the hype that is flooding Point State Park. This week we go from unbridled excitement to damaging on the prowl hunger. Ain’t granny double shifting this bitch. All gas; no brakes. 

This week we fucking tell the league what’s up. 

It hit different don’t it?  This squad, this team, this city. We are hoisting a new flag and taking back our rightful mother fucking place as the fucking leaders of the AFC North, the AFC, and the fucking league. The seat is still warm from the last time we sat there. 

Now’s the time to be hungry, desperate, unfucking predictable turbocharged recalcitrants of death. 

Now’s the time to walk out on that field and knock the goddamn taste out of the mouth of anyone that has ever doubted us."
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
"Week 3 you fuckers, time to see if you can beat a team inn desperate need of a win"
"5 AM here. Been up for a bit but I always wake up early and never sleep too well. 

Nerves are definitely real, this is a game where we can't play sloppy and make stupid mistakes plus there are a few real threats lurking on the field like JJ who could do some serious damage if they get a chance. Definitely feels like a game we could walk away with but I'm not about to write off the Texans just because they went 0-2 against the Chiefs and Ravens. 

We win today and the pity party continues for the Texans with some starting to entertain the idea that maybe they just aren't good.

Once the sun comes up and the dogs get out of bed it'll be time to get them into their jerseys and put on mine. About half an hour before kickoff go pickup my Chinese food. Got a nice Hybrid Member OG at 29% to smoke for the game today and a victory pre-roll set aside which is a Sativa Player 1 at 23%. 

Let's fucking go."
nice to finally see some motherfucking effort go into these lame ass mother-fucking gameday wakeup posts smdh
Is anyone else kinda worried about this game ? Lol
HYPE FOR THE HYPHEN!
"Let’s go boys. Roll up those doobies, order your Shaq-a-ronis or Papadias, and get that case of Yuengling from the basement fridge."
JACK LAMBERTS BALLS
I’m so nervous. Houston is going to be very motivated to avoid 0-3.
Wish i could watch this one;(
"Give me 3-0, I neeeed it"
I'm finally going to watch the game with my son today!  No hugs or high fives because he worries about me getting sick but at least I'll have company!
I am getting high and drunk as always for the Stiller game LFG!!!!!
3-0 here we come.
The time has come and so have I.
"Not really a game, more like a scrimmage lol. Texans have Bill O’Brien, even if u gave him a lead he’ll find a way to blow it."
I'm not gonna be able to watch this game today and I'm so fucking mad. I feel like this is gonna be a great game.
LET’S FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
Time to grab balls and things of that nature! Here we go!
Where to stream now that nflstreams is dead?
u/StonerThots is your catto ready for Game Day???
"Thank God we traded for Minkah


Jesus Christ"
STEVEN NELSON BURNED AS HELL
I love him
Wanna see that steel curtain when I wake up!
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
I hate how moat of the games are at 1pm. I work night shift and I'm gonna miss most of them
Not for us West Coast bois
34-17
Going to early church so we can be home to watch the game!
Take my vote. Only cause he's a Canadian. Only. How 'bout dem COWBOYS!
""
""
He always does that to the Titans. This is the trap game.
"It's a 1:00pm game, so unfortunately unlikely to see 500 yard, 6 TD Ben. All his 500 yard and 6 TD games were either late afternoon or primetime games. 1:00pm Ben is, unfortunately, when we usually see worst Ben."
50/50 on this game hopefully they don’t sleep on an 0-2 team per usual.  Watson is scary good imo.  Keys to winning are constantly pressuring him and limiting mistakes.  Something else to consider their coach has poor game management.
"It’s the trap game, I said it earlier in the week. Texans are a desperate team."
I’m with ya bud. 9 hours til kickoff!
"It’s definitely the trap game, there’s no way we should have better odds to beat the Texans than we had before we beat Denver and the Giants."
"10% Texans win.

1% 500/6 Ben game.

89% ""something in between""."
"If Ben doesn't throw the ball to a Texans defender, we should be OK."
 I hope they come out with a W. That is all.
You're not alone. I've been thinking these are the games that they seem to traditionally lose.
Trap
Cue admiral ackbar
Deadass though
"Stop saying this is a potential trap game.

The Texans are a good football team. They’re far better than their record."
So damn true
"The Texans aren't the Giants, Broncos, Bengals, etc. Are we favorites? Yeah but not overwhelmingly so. 

Too early in the season for that I think."
"He is good at football, when I see Claypool get a catch I say “Yes”. I think he is good at his job, I hope he stays in the Steelers employ that is all."
When I see Chase Claypool not targeted I say “no”.
I agree.
Vote upward.
https://media0.giphy.com/media/TJgotk8MoedYFsvuYz/giphy.gif
I love it when Chase does well at that sport that he plays
"I see this post I say ""Yes""."
"Les claypool was in the band primus for a long time. But for a short while he did a side project called “les claypools flying frog brigade.”

It’s the most random thing in the world, but whenever I hear chase claypools name I always mutter “and his flying frog brigade” under my breath.

This has nothing to do with anything but I like that band name and needed to get that off my chest"
"When Claypool not on field I say “no”

When Claypool on field I say “yes”"
As a Canadian fan of the Steelers I had to order his jersey. Hopefully he can become a big part of this team.
Upvote take
Is that you Geno?
[deleted]
What do women’s pants have to do with TJ and Bud???
We don't seek comfort in fuzzy blankets
"STARTING DEFENSE

PLACE AT THE TABLE"
"The nickname of this new defense should be:

Women's pants - they don't come with pockets."
Can't believe Dupree is alright now that Watt is on the other side
"Attn AFC North: Draft all the 'elite' QBs you want, these two are just going to plant them on their ass no matter what"
Lets fucking goooo
I love how much Bud Dupree has blossomed since TJ Watts joined the team!
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
[deleted]
Yes. Record it.
""
"I have watched too many high caliber Steelers squads go into should be win situations and coming up short. Titans, and Raiders in back to back weeks of when they sucked."
I’m still amazed at how many people think Houston is a definitive “bad” team when any team in the league would be 0-2 after playing KC and Baltimore to start the season. Pittsburgh would be 0-2 if we had to do that no doubt in my mind.
Uhhhh dude. Shut up. This is a trap game for sure.
Already wrong lol
Not looking to accurate rn
Holy shit 😂
Yikes
Haaaard disagree based on what I've seen from my Steelers lol
Don't post this! Unless it's after the fact!
not quite 35-13 but ill take a win anyday
We should get their Watt because we beat them.  It'd be just like when Mega Man beats a boss and gets their weapon.
Would be a great meme if we didn’t have a third-rate secondary.
This didn't age well... I still have hope
Well this aged poorly.
"I’m worried that Keith Butler is going to do some stupid shit and try to blitz Watson like we have been doing against the Giants and Broncos. If he does that, we will absolutely get picked apart by Watson. Hope Butler is smart enough to realize that."
"Thanks for sharing your anxieties.  ""Worry is interest paid on trouble borrowed"""
Maybe you shouldn’t be too worried. I saw a stat this week that said Watson had one of the worst QBRs when pressured. So maybe that’s not such a bad game-plan.
"Disagree, you should be putting as much pressure on Watson as possible. No doubt that he will break many tackles but you have to keep him uncomfortable. Their O-Line is pretty bad, force him to make throws."
"Don't worry, be happy. 

It's game day my dude."
Watson is terrible under pressure.
"I think a good combo of pressure and contain can go along way. When you have a stout front AND speed on the outside you can neutralize running QB's. Danger is Watson just throwing to Hopkins running free..oh, wait..."
"I’m mad 

>He mad

But I aint stressin"
"We play in the division with Lamar Jackson, I'm not too worried that Butler won't scheme well for Watson.  I am worried about the drop off in run defense from week 1 to week 2 and of course, the secondary needs to be better this week."
Maybe you were right:/
Let’s hope this game doesn’t come down to Butt’s intelligence.
We will shut down every thing but the QB run. Watson will run all over the place. Big Ben probably has a pick or two. We probably win by 3 or lose by 14. This has trap game written all over it.
"Honestly I doubt it.


Texans have the worst O line in the league and we have the best pass rush.  Hopefully he realizes that we can get pressure and sacks without blitzing"
"Your worries that the DC of the best defensive unit in professional football might not understand defense at the same lofty level as you, Internet guy, are probably unfounded."
Stfu and stop posting reactionary bullshit after one half of football.
""
This post aged... humorously
"How ya like them apples?! We did it!

Edit: Guess I should have said break past 27, since that was the highest output we had last season!"
I like the optimism
"OOOOoooohhh boy, we're trying"
looking pretty possible right now
We literally could have ran 3 yards and gone past the 28 points mark
""
"Hey guys, giants fan coming in peace. Just wondering and had a quick question on who you guys think I should start at WR2 for my espn fantasy team - Juju or Diontae? I just picked up Diontae and not too familiar with your guys WR situation. I had Juju starting ever since week 1 against my giants and of course he goes off but he only got me 11.8 points last week and I unfortunately lost by 0.2 points. I’m leaning more towards starting Diontae but wonder what y’all think. Thanks for the advice and hope you guys beat the Texans today.


Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions. I’m now leaning towards putting Juju back in the starting lineup and benching Diontae. Good luck to all of you guys in fantasy and against the Texans"
"Full PPR diontae, standard or 1/2 juju"
This is tough because Dionte has been getting a lot of targets lately. I’d say Juju because Diote has played a little sloppy the last couple games (muffed punt and a fumble). I’m starting Juju as well.
Why not start one at flex and one as WR2? They can both be supported every week
"JuJu has been out of practice with a hurt knee.  I'm sure he'll be good for the game, but something to consider.  I'd probably go JuJu because he's really clicking with Ben since his return, but honestly you can't go wrong with either."
"If you have another strong WR starting and can take a mini gamble, I say start Johnson. I have Johnson starting this week ob my fantasy team.. I feel like he’s going to have a breakout game with Ben soon, and as betting it’s this week."
"I'd go JuJu over Johnson on this one.

Johnson's hands aren't 100% surefire and he's already displayed some less than desirable catches/drops this season. With that in mind I think JuJu gets more attention because the Texans will take advantage of great field placement and punish us for turnovers. 

Thinking we play this one more cautious and Johnson is a wild card."
juju is the safe bet jhonson is the boom or bust stress out watching the game till the boom or cry through the bust. i have jhonson in this week because i think hes going to boom today
NFL network reported Ben made an effort to work with Diontae a lot this week. That combined with more targets may mean a big game for Diontae today.
Its really a 50/50 honestly. Good luck
""
""
I like how he thinks I could actually make it to the game anyways.
"We are allowed to concern ourselves with things of this nature.

Coach T is amazing."
Thats my head coach
Let’s all strive to stay above the line.
"
A message from @CoachTomlin to \#SteelersNation. 

\#HereWeGo | \#SNUProud 

***

posted by [@SteelersUnite](https://twitter.com/SteelersUnite)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1310239333782294534/vid/480x270/zSXUMPQYIkUYKx-e.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"I love that, even in a scripted 30 second clip, he still drops the ""man""... Never change coach, and things of that nature."
I love coach T 😭
The standard is the standard
""
Be very glad you didn't see that.  I was working that day and I kept checking the score and every time I looked i was another TD for the Texans.  One of the most ridiculous lopsided stat losses of all-time.
"Here’s the ESPN summary for the game. The Texans had a 40 yard fumble return for a TD, a 70 yard INT return for a TD and a 65 yard INT return for a TD. They managed a FG on their own. 

https://www.espn.com/nfl/game?gameId=221208023"
I watched that one. The most frustrating game I've ever seen. 400+ yards of offense and your defense gives up 40+ yards and you lose because your O has 3 turnovers that are returned for TDs.
"I was there and people were screaming for Tommy Maddox's head. I still remember a guy repeatedly screaming ""burn in hell Maddox!""  They dominated in everything but a couple of pick sixes made it a blowout loss."
The frustration of that game still feels like yesterday.  Be glad you missed it.
"#Houston Texans at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:34|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Texans|7|14|0|0|21|
|Steelers * *|3|14|3|8|28|


Last Play: 

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|FG|1|(8:59) C.Boswell 33 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|HOU|TD|1|(6:07) (Shotgun) D.Watson pass deep left to R.Cobb for 28 yards, TOUCHDOWN [S.Tuitt].|
|HOU|PAT|1|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|HOU|TD|2|(11:35) Da.Johnson right tackle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|HOU|PAT|2|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|PIT|TD|2|(5:09) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to E.Ebron for 10 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|2|(1:22) (No Huddle, Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to J.Smith-Schuster for 26 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|HOU|TD|2|(:28) (Shotgun) D.Watson pass short left to W.Fuller for 14 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|HOU|PAT|2|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|PIT|FG|3|(9:57) C.Boswell 26 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|4|(6:30) (Shotgun) J.Conner right tackle for 12 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT2|4|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. B.Roethlisberger pass to J.Smith-Schuster is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 2 | 14 | 169 | 218 | 25 |
| Texans | 4 | 49 | 29 | 231 | 13 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/j0xqsx/post_game_thread_houston_texans_at_pittsburgh/)
I wish there was a nfl package that they didn’t play commercials. I’d rather watch the players stand around BS’ing for five minutes than watch another State Farm commercial. Jesus
"Vince Williams has played out of his mind so far this year, all 3 games. 

just don't put him on a WR please"
I can’t believe that non-call on Claypool. You could see his whole arm being held from the moon.
This is the most pathetic excuse of a fucking referee crew I've ever fucking seen
I am going to lose my fucking mind.. I have now watched for the last 2 fucking years that the Oline is allowed to fucking hold TJ whenever they fucking want. It might be that I’m biased so I’m always watching but some of it is just ridiculous. Dude is getting fucking tackled.
Having JuJu > not having JuJu
FIRE THESE GARBAGE ASS TRASH CANS WITH STRIPES
"I'm not going to start praising Conner as just an incredible RB but anyone saying he's not a good player clearly is expecting too much. He gets the job done, and that's all we need."
"2 timeouts and half a minute? Yeah, let's kneel on it."
I’m probably the king of excusing drops but both of those were must catches
Like am I an idiot that's pass interference by every definition of the rule no? He literally made him make that catch on handed by wrapping both arms around one of Chases what the fuck
Is that not DPI? Holding a full arm back?
I'm glad the players aren't as mentally weak as some of the posters here.
If I hear “Texans are 0-2” one more time my brain is going to explode
"This is why I hate prevent defense. Defense gets soft in order to not give up a TD instead of stopping a score. What's the point of it, as long as they have timeouts? By the time they get to the redzone it doesn't matter anyways and you're just letting them get there for free. Watson took them 75 yards in under a minute. Dumbasses."
McCloud is a madman holy fuck he ate that hit
"If you are blaming Ben or Claypool, you are a fucking idiot who doesn't know shit."
This officiating crew is a joke.
Conor at 5.3 yards per carry. McFarland at 7 yards per carry.  Maybe we should keep running.
"I can’t believe we pulled this one out. The first two games were mismatches, this is the first win that actually tells me this team could be legit"
"When your entire defense is based around pressuring the QB, it’s hard to win when the refs refuse to call holding"
2 minute drill ben is my favorite Ben
Can we just tell Ben that every drive is a 2 minute drill?
I dont know about you but that was not claypools fault. That was PI as fuck these refs are blind
"Nice pick but holy shit these holds are getting ridiculous, how do our opponents have 0 holding calls in 3 weeks?"
 I hate these tik tok commercials so much
WERE 3-0. WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME WE WERE 3-0?!?
Are we....not gonna talk about how his arm was held
Love how the NFL just decided to not call holding this year
"Every time the other team scores I think them stillers are a bunch of bums


Every time the stillers score I think them stillers are GOIN TO THE SUPER BOWL"
I am not a fan of drops and things of that nature
McCloud looks like our kick returner moving forward.
How the fuck is that not pi?
"Well... fuck... freaking 1 hand held and no call and he STILL almost had it.  Also, eat a dick announcer... you're ALLOWED to say he got away with PI."
Fuck these refs!! Last week we got called the most bs DPI but apparently you can hold a receivers whole ass arm down
So no one saw the corner pulling Chase’s arm when he was trying to make the catch?? No one????
That was a good drive. In my opinion scoring a touchdown was the proper strategy there.
Juju lead blocks SO well. Esp for a No.1. Then the 2pt too!
All I'm saying is we're MOTHAFUKKIN UNDEFEATED SINCE THE RETURN OF THE CHONKY KING. THATS MY MOTHERFUKKIN QB. 3-0 🅱️🅱️!
"Official: 2 Watts beat 1 Watt.

#science"
Imagine not covering JuJu lmao
"texans were giving up the most QB pressure in the league

Steelers were getting the most QB pressure in the league

NONE OF THAT IS WORKING OUT"
Just removed my blue sweatshirt to reveal my Steelers shirt. Our fortunes are about to change.
"damn, Ray Ray don't give a fuck."
"Every success by this offense is in spite of Fichtner, not because of him."
"After a 3-and-out, give up an immediate sack, run up the middle when you need 19 yards, throw a 14 yard pass when you need 15 yards.

Everything about that was unbelievable stupid."
The run on 2 and 19 is like pulling out just to finish on yourself
"He fucking had claypool's arm, WTF????"
How is that not holding wtf?
Well that'll work... NOW GET A GOD DAMN TOUCHDOWN (and the 2 point conversion)
That TJ hits gonna piss some people off lmao
Ok Ben... now we need a drive.. don't let this pick go to waste
"Tennessee next week, that’ll be rough as fuckkkkk but if we can shut down Henry who knows"
I hope this is a lesson to most of you. It’s not over in the 1st quarter. Ben is a bad motherfucker and our defense is not something to fuck with. 3-0 baby. Let’s GOO!
"JJ talking to his brothers like he lost a bet and doesn't want to pay, lol."
Imagine how many sacks tj would have if they didn’t hold him every play
LET BEN RUN 2 MINUTE OFFENSE ALL GAME. ALL OF OUR BEST DRIVES THIS YEAR ARE BEN RUNNING THE OFFENSE.
Maybe a hot take but we are better with Ben
I want us to keep JuJu so bad
Lmao. They went 75 yards in 50 seconds.
Tomlin better shred this fucking secondary up. What the fuck are they doing back there?
They never overturn spot challenges but that spot was so bad this one will be
Why are we handing it off to Connor on 2nd and 19????
WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU RUN IT ON 2ND AND LONG
HOLY FUCK REFS
He held his arm the entire fucking time
That is fucking blatant DPI!!!!!!
"If the refs won't call PI, expect them to keep doing it."
im praying for a big turnover here. we really need it
"fuck it Houston, just foul us. refs are blind as shit"
TJ THAT MAN HAS A FAMILY
Mike hilton's got dollar signs in his eyes this year lmaooo
thank god he was down fumble out the endzone would be a turnover
claypool is a unit
"Claypool is love, Claypool is life."
For all the shit we give Fichtner I think that was a really great playcall from him
"Reading this game thread has been the text version of the ""they had us in the first half"" meme haha."
What was that stat before about the Texans winning a bunch if they have the lead going into the half?
wtf I never kneel on madden what are these coaches doing shake my smh
We've secretly replaced every Steelers receiver with Ike Taylor. Let's see if they notice.
"Redzone fg. Erggg

Also, Jaylen Samuels being in on 3rd and 1 is one thing. But running a delayed handoff out of shotgun on 3rd and 1 with Jaylen Samuels is another.

Randy, that was honestly just fucking stupid."
So I gotta say. I don’t think our secondary is the same as last year.
Blatant hold on Watt... Nice refs.
That drive looked way too easy for Houston.
Where had minkah been in the last 3 weeks
Holding on tj again
"""QB sneaks are too easy""

Every Steelers OC"
I feel like if James Harrison was chasing me I would at least make it across the street before stopping for a breather became a thought.
Where are the Juju haters now that Ben is back?
They scored in thirty fucking seconds
How the hell did our secondary go back to being SO awful when all the same guys came back???
"[For your halftime show, here's Roger wiping a booger on a girl with one leg.](https://gfycat.com/exhaustedsparsefennecfox)"
"When the offense does well, the defense shits the bed and vice versa. Both rarely play well in the same game."
"Secondary does not look good. Minkah is invisible. They can't rely on the pressure getting there every time, they're getting sliced up whenever Watson has time to throw.         

Also I know we're getting the ball back at the beginning of the second half, but come on, with 25 seconds we should've at least taken a shot or two downfield. Every point counts in what looks to be a shootout against a great offense"
"We’re down by 4, we get the ball back, and Tomlin has been very good at turning things around at half time. Let’s take a minute to appreciate that we aren’t the Rams and aren’t being blown out."
Remember: we’re the Pittsburgh Steelers. We’re not allowed to win challenges.
refs cant see shit
James “Donte Moncrief” Conner
"So many passes off hands...


Makes you appreciate Ward and Brown(who is unfortunately batshit crazy now)"
I'd like one turnover please. Thank you football God(s).
TJ is being held every play
Just held his fucking arm down
DPI WTF
Missed PI
He would have had the fucking catch if he had BOTH HIS MOTHER FUCKING HANDS
These refs are fucking ass
How is that not pass interference?
WTF. 21 was grabbing Claypool’s arm
Another week where the refs should lose their jobs.
I wonder if we can train an AI to make reffing calls. It could go rampant and still be better.
Nice of Watson to tell Hilton where he was throwing the ball.
Watson got a little too cute staying in bounds and got rocked
Defense please end them with a big pick
God xavier grumble flashbacks oh my god lol
[deleted]
"Ok. Prediction, Mike talks to BoB at half time. Trades JJ for 4 cases of Iron City, and JJ starts for us in the 2nd half."
Check 41 for roids. 1 man can't stop Vance
I know Huston has a terrible O line. But for fucks sakes our secondary still needs to play
Fuck deshaun and his guitar
Secondary blows. I was worried with how bad they looked against Daniel Jones and fucking Jeff Driskel so I'm not surprised Watson has carved them up.
Bro they are holding like crazy
I browsed 8 sites for divorce attorneys today
Who else thinks Randy Fichtner should be forced to smoke crack and pcp before each game so he isn’t so predictable?
God imagine if this team didn’t start so slow every game
See kids this is why we don't panic in the first quarter
We like wide open passes and things of that nature
I’m sorry but Steven Nelson looks awful this year so far.
Nelson looks like absolute trash today
Can we please have an offense and a defense at the same time? Like... just once?
Did we resign artie burns in the form of Steven Nelson?
Our secondary is buttcheeks this year.
I don't really care for the leagues decision to stop calling holding penalties this year. Is the offense not already at a huge advantage at all times with all the other rule chsnges? They need to gimp the teams that rely on a pass rush to succeed? Come on
Why the fuck did we keep going out of bounds with like 1:50 to go in their territory?
Anyone a little worried about Minkah?
He is half a yard passed the first down marker
Good challenge. We'll see where the ref's dart lands.
These refs fucking suck that spot was off by like 2 yards
2nd and 19. Let's run for 3 yards. Jesus fuck what?!?!
Fucking ridiculous decision to run on 2nd down
Way to take advantage of that nice punt return.
Offensive play calling is abysmal. Running on 2nd and 19 with this team is a bad decision. We don’t have Derrick Henry who can get 8 yards on any given play
DPI?!?!
Had his arm
HOLDING HIS WHOLE HAND
They refuse to call pass interference holy fuck dude
That was PI but Randy what the fuck are you doing. You get the ball at the 45 and get 2 yards. Worst OC in the league
Great pick. Also great hold on Watt that led to the pick instead of a sack
Holy shit watson got murdered
There has been some outrageous holding on TJ going uncalled
"1. Did the NFL get rid of holding calls? Seriously, I have to ask.


2.  DeShawn for protocol right? When you're slow to get up they have to take him under the tent right?"
Bens been overthrowing the fuck out of Claypool today
Melodramatic yinzers in shambles
Juju looking like Ward on these blocks
Nice! 2 points
END THIS FUCKING GAME DEFENSE COME ON I FUCKING BELIEVE IN YALL
I shrieked so loud at the TD my boyfriend thinks his ears ruptured
"What a phenomenal play call

Claypool is so dangerous"
"they are very close to breaking the 25 game streak of having a TO in a game

hope I didnt jink"
"Well I owe the D a big apology, way to step tf up!"
"That's a dub, ladies and gents.


See you next week for a another edition of ""I HATE EVERYTHING"" from this sub."
alot of no calls on tj this year
Big Bud 4 sacks and an attempted murder charge on Deshaun mark my words
"Come on, secondary. We can’t get a sack on every down."
[deleted]
Ahhhh the ol’ run run pass punt. You hate to see it
Oh my God Dionte Johnson has some great moments but sometimes I really question his football IQ
Time for a signature 96 yard JuJu TD.
Wanna see me throw over ‘em mountains?
"I think after Cleveland cuts Baker.

He should keep doing the commercials. Except show him trying to break into the stadium."
The first quarter was The Vince Williams Show
Are we just not calling holding on TJ watt today?
Hey guys ready for another 3 and out??
What a great defense we have right? Best in the NFL right?
Does our secondary and Keith Butler know they’re allowed to cover their receivers? You don’t have to stay 5yds away from them at all times...
The holds on TJ are infuriating. I mean he obviously always gets held but these ones are ridiculous.
#R- E- L- A- X
I had zero hope Ebron was gonna catch that lmao
HANDS: RATED E FOR EBRON
EBRON CAUGHT THE BALL. OBVIOUSLY FIRE TOMLIN
Hilton is the best tackling corner in the nfl
Huh using the tight ends does something. Who would have thought.
Can we let Ben just always run the two minute offense no matter the time on the clock?
"“hah, I knew the Steelers would suddenly play completely differently unlike you reactionary idiots” -Cool Guy"
Holding isn’t a penalty this year. Just hug the lineman and let it be.
Cool cool baby shit soft D
Nelson regressed so hard
Nelson’s been garbage this year
VERY COOL VERY GOOD PLAYING.
Our secondary is really concerning.
I guess our defensive gameplan is to let Deshaun Watson develop fucking arthritis by torching our secondary so maybe he can't continue to dominate us in the 4th quarter!
I can’t believe the D couldn’t have closed out the half without points like Jesus
a blind monkey fucking a football could cover better than our secondary this year.
Brooke Pryor on twitter saying “looks like [TJ] is fine”
Really fucking bad spot... jesus
How can an official miss it by THAT much?!
"are these refs blind, they are constantly spotting it like a half yard to a yard behind where it was."
He literally smacked the ball down a half yard over it
GOOD CHALLENGE TOMLIN
What a horrible spot we shouldn’t even have to challenge that
Defense I'd like to order an apple turnover.
We're overdue for a turnover.
I'd be okay if ray ray took over pr full-time
RANDY YOU ABSOLUTE IDIOT!!!
Nothing like a run on 2nd and 19
His arm is being held the whole time?
Holy no call on the PI
How can you not see that holding? That's bs.
 Missed DPI
Yo 2 weeks in a row. what is this
"""A drive here to get them out of the shadow of their endzone is highly desirable.""

Gripping analysis ."
We need a turnover
"""Hilton is bad in coverage"" said y'all an hour ago"
"I hate when I try to upvote a great comment, then it keeps scrolling down because a ton of people comment at once. Makes me sad"
Welcome to the Pittsburgh Hilton and Turnovers
"Dear Mike Hilton,

   We love you dearly. 

Sincerely, 
Steeler Nation"
"a got a theory on bens bad foot mechanics this year, hes throwing off his back foot because his bionic new arm is too strong as we are seeing with the deep ball.  Hes got to take some off"
"Am I losing my mind, or have we taken the play clock down to sub 5 seconds like every play this game? Lol"
did...did we just run on third and short? what's happening?!!
How do we look like absolute garbage one drive and then LIKE THAT THE NEXT
"Fucking STEELER FOOTBALL!!! 



THATS.


HOW.


WE.



DO.


IT."
AND THE 2POINTS
Now that’s a drive.
JuJu is quietly a really good run blocking WR
"Dangerously close there.

No harm, no foul. Young buck gotta be smarter than that."
We got lucky on the fumble there.
Of course Fichtner doesn’t cover his nose
Do we even need to run a play.  Can we just kneel down three times?
"DONT  BE PROUD, TAKE A KNEE FOR !"
Steelers had the ball for 11:50 of the game's final 13:27
"Man if we can beat this offense, I really like our chances against tennessee next week. Really loving this team so far this year"
"All you jumpers, complaining butts have to explain yourselves. You jump ship so quickly you weak willed fools. Stand beside your team."
"Well, if we are gonna be good for one half, I'll take the second half every time."
3-0 boys... see y’all next week
You have 24s and 2 timeouts. Try for fg range! Fuck
You all need to chill. We can't get a TD on every single drive. That drive looked clean and we got some points on the board.
Why in the hell didn’t we go for it on that 4th and 1? Damn it. Teams are just going to do a three to five step-back with their QB and do an air assault on our secondary all season long if they can’t fix it
What a blatant hold.. I know they intend to flag less holding calls but geez does he have to rip TJs helmet off first?
"Run, run, pass, punt. GIVE ME THE FUCKING PLAY-CALLING HOLY FUCK"
"Oh look, the return of the run, run, pass play sequence"
Every time DJ catches a punt it’s going to be something great or something absolutely terrible
So this will be the rude awakening game huh?
"secondary has been lacking all season, but still alot of game left to play"
"If I’m a coach this year I’m telling my whole o-line to hold on every play, refs aren’t calling it so why not"
Ya’ll need to calm down. It’s been 1 quarter.
That Houston defender trying to scissor kick the ball out of Ebron's hands lmao
"Alright defense, now we need you to get in the game."
"Man I've never seen one of our TEs do that. That's pretty hot. 

And they didn't call the clear holding by the defender lol."
Put your pitchforks and torches away. Stop overreacting in the 1st quarter.
I'm just so grateful to have Ben back. Last year a 14-3 deficit would've been an L. This year we actually have a chance.
Sometimes it's really gag worthy how far a network manages to crawl up its own ass when promoting itself.
Alright this is it time for a MAPLETRON TD
With a name like ray-ray McCloud you can only be good at football
Love the James Harrison commercial
17-14... id be drooling at halftime.
>WR Diontae Johnson is being evaluated for a possible concussion and his return is questionable.
Derek Watt out of the game  with a hamstring injury :(
"Fuck the announcer... ""TJ in on defense for Pittsburgh... but JJ always a factor for Houston'.   Like TJ wasn't the runner up to DPOY last year and not a factor?  Fucking dickhead"
Holy shit how did Juju get THAT open?
Fuckers better Pay JuJu
hot damn I love Ben & JuJu so much. Pay my boy JuJu in the offseason PLEASE
Can we stop playing zone now please thank you
This secondary looks bad.
"A QB Sneak banged Randy Fichtner’s wife, it’s the only explanation"
3 yards to the first? Let’s throw it for 50+ yards!
That’s 100% a first down
Holy shit guys we might win a challenge
I think that's actually a good challenge
He had that by a mile!
Can’t wait to see how we get fucked out of this one
The Virgin short gain vs the Chad 30+ Yard penalty
Alejandro was just trying to find a flag to salute downfield
I feel so drained watching Steeler games. It's always close when it shouldn't be and it's too stressful.
"God it looked bad live,but on the replay it was even worse of a drop"
Houston should feel happy?  I would be upset at any points on their side... they gave up two 4th down conversions after being GIFTED that challenge
Holy shi...ok McCloud
Nothing says “I want to win” like a  2nd and 19 draw play.
"need 19 yards?  run right up the middle.

FUCK YOU FICHTNER"
Colquitt has been incredibly underwhelming
Smh running on 2nd and 19
Run on 2nd and 19. The standard is the standard!!!!!!
"Tuitt is like, fuck this I'll do it myself."
REFS ARE FUCKING BLIND HOLY SHIT
You can just hold his arm like that?
Uhhhh can you legally hold on to an arm of a reciever
Blatant pass interference
Big surprise...Dupree comes around when he has a legitimate counterpart in Watt.
"I swear, it’s like our defense plays phenomenal on 1st and 2nd downs then just says fuck it on 3rd"
Defense comes through
PAY MIKE HILTON FFS
LETS GO HILTON
THE STREAK CONTINUES!!
Thank God for Watt
THERE WE FUCKING GO BABY!!! HILTON YOU SEXY SON OF A BITCH!!!
"Watson is a very mobile quarterback. D-line is getting penetration, but Watson is looking good extending plays. Really great to get that pick. Hopefully we can capitalize."
"3 straight outstanding drives by the D (with one bad pass play given up) holding the Texans to 0 points.

Offense needs to stop fucking around and take advantage of this."
I hope the Steelers end this drive by scoring a touchdown.
Lets go Connor I know you still got it!
JAMES FUCKING CONNER IS HUNGRY LIKE THE WOLF!!
Loving how Conner is running today
Everything EXACTLY as we needed on that drive
HERE WE FUCKING GO
AND THE 2 POINT??? Is not even my birthday yet!
TJ out-Watting JJ today.
I'm just glad he didn't fumble that through the end zone.
Well he is damn lucky but still NICE PLAYCALL!
MAPLETRON
Their defense is exhausted. Steelers got 35 min ToP already
The Offense finally clicked boys!
"While obviously it still would have been bad if that had gone through the end zone, Claypool continues to show how good his awareness is because his sole focus going down was trying to save that ball."
"Last time we started 3-0 we won the Super Bowl. I hope this team stays healthy so they can keep this chemistry going and continue to develop. 

Titans next week gonna be dope."
Tomlin haters getting ready to eat crow.
We don't do comfortable wins and things of that nature.
UNDEFEATEDDDDDDD
"Yikes, that gave me flashbacks to Grimble vs Broncos"
how do you even give up a td in 40 seconds? you have to be trying to be that bad
"Gonna be a close game, can’t wait for the yinzer overreactions every time the Texans get a first down, including my own"
I need me a birthday win. COME ON BOYS!!!
Best believe I'm already drunk in order to get through this game! Steelers 27 - Texans 20 book it!
They call dpi on other teams?!
"Juju is the ultimate grinder, the man isn't always flashy but he gets those extra yards whichever way he can"
"""Pittsburgh has gone 20 straight games without a score on an opening drive.""

..."
so weird not hearing the crowd on a PI call
"Running out of the shotgun. 


Isn't that one of the things we hate? Lol"
If you're gonna run it just give it to Connor???
You have Conner as your power back and you run it with Samuels. No wonder we never score a TD on an opening drive.
"WHY SAMUELS!!!!!!!!!!

it was all working and they got fancy with your worst RB"
"Somethings wrong with our secondary, idk if it's the scheme or what but there's a BIG difference between now and last year"
Get Vince Williams off of Brandin Cooks Jesus Christ
"Ah the ok run, run, pass, punt offense...ugh.."
Vintage 96 yard Juju TD incoming
How is that not PI. That’s definitely catchable regardless of where it lands
"Alright Ben, we get it. You can still throw deep. Can you just get a first down?"
What. The. Fuck. Are. We. Doing.
"I don’t want to be pounding beers at 1:40pm, but here we are!"
That was a great punt! Past the 50 and enough hang time to allow the guys to get down there. Awesome
[deleted]
Randy Fichtner and Keith Butler need to go. I don’t think they’re good enough to win a Super Bowl
What a fucking hit Vince
"One day we gonna dominate a game, not today, but one day"
6 DBs and still pass for the 1st lol. What a joke
Uncalled holding on that
Nothing like TJ getting tackled!
This is fucking bullshit. TJ is getting held so badly
TJ getting held every play lmao
Dude the holding is so bad you can see handfuls of jersey
Hey can we maybe stop with the zone D?
Allow me to reiterate: this secondary is fucking trash.
where the hell is our pass coverage. watson is killing us. he's marched down the field multiple times.
Why does this feed look so bad after a quarter and a bit of football. Jesus Christ if you don’t have something nice to say don’t say it at all.
Juju is looking more like Hines Ward every day. Great blocking by him.
Mcfarland is so much faster than conner its disgusting
I personally believe there isn't anything wrong with Ben or the offense. I think it's more of a play calling issue. I swear they only want to start playing ball and looking good when they're down on the scoreboard. Otherwise they are completely lackadaisical. It's EXTREMELY frustrating.
BEN WITH THE CUT BLOCK!
BEN WITH A FUCKING BLOCK
BEN WITH THE BLOCK!!!!
THAT WAS 100% BEN RIGHT THERE! WHAT OTHER 38 YR OLD QB IS THROWING BLOCKS ON A 270 POUND LB
NO WAY THIS WORKED 🔥🔥🔥🔥
That block from Ben. Put him in the secondary he can do it all
Diontae Johnson is headed to the locker room (not sure if it was mentioned on TV - I heard it from Missy Matthews)
Flashbacks to last week when we killed Lock on that sack.
I want more McFarland.
Pretty sure 18 is being evaluated for a concussion
Really not a fan of just running twice there
Derek Watt hurt and Dionte is getting checked for concussion. FUCK ME MAN
"Everyone is talking about holding on watt.


I'm still pissed when we played byron leftwich and the jags and they held the shit out of us on a 3rd and long and byron ran for a first to seal the game.


Fucking holding!"
"Really wish we’d bring in some young, fiery OC."
WE HAVE A LEAD! Now can all the people crying please relax? And we get the ball back after half
things have turned around ever since I changed my shirt to the one I was wearing the opening game
He ran harder to his celebration spot that into the endzone.
See I told you pessimistic fucks.. Fair weathers coming back all excited all the sudden fuck off. You’re either here for the team or you’re not.
Okarafor solidifying his starting job at RT forever
Josh Allen sneaky top 10
This Secondary man. What was that
"Wtf happened to our secondary, we didn't lose anyone from last year."
d-defense? b-b-best in the l-l-league? h-hello?
WTF IS THIS DEFENSE?!?!
Either a sack or we give up 20+ every time.
"What in the fuck are we doing on defense here, we just needed to keep them down for a minute."
"5 plays, 75 yards, 50 seconds. Pretty fucking tough to give up a TD drive that quickly."
Is it the scheme or the players?
The secondary is looking mighty suspect.
Offenses playing against the Steelers defense have not been called for holding this year.
Can the D put together a better game plan during halftime?
45 seconds right down the fucking field
Nelson sucks so bad this year. What the hell??
"If our defense plays like this against Baltimore, we will be blown out."
Who needs 3 points. Fuck it. Take a knee.
Fuck you Butler !!! Great defensive play calling you schmuck
"Why not try to do something, at least just let Ben heave it there, but no, we'll just kneel with 24 seconds left."
2 time outs and take 0 shots at the end zone
Jeff Driskel did the same shit to us
"Better see some actual half time adjustments. If this team truly wants to make it far, let's see they're willing to get out of their stubborn ways."
I would like Coach to do locker room speeches so we can start kicking ass again
Steelers defense has gotten really close to getting home on a number of occasions - I honestly think there is a small element of bad luck there. What concerns me more is the regression of the secondary - especially Nelson.
"$50 we come out doing run, run, pass"
"The Secondary is not playing as fast as usual.
But that's not the only problem. 

We're playing soft zone defense and Deshaun is tearing us apart. We have to play more aggressive man coverage."
Roethlisberger pointing out the fucking spot is the energy I needed today
"Ben ""Wheels"" Roethlisberger"
He got that
That was a bad spot
BEN WITH THE STIFF ARM
Oh shit a Tomlin challenge...
Ben is pure fucking speed
Bad fucking spot
refs dislike us today it kinda seems o.o
That's a Ben that wants to win.
He absolutely got that
Give that big man his first down he worked hard for that.
Spot challenges are so damn risky. But I think he was there
He's easily a half yard over
Ben’s face with that stiff arm has to be a meme later
Wow... thats a shit call.  Game doing the fucking FREEZE FRAME on his knee down and the ball at the first or maybe JUST shy by an inch.
These refs are embarrassing for that challenge and that PI lmaooo
Catch the fucking ball
This drive went to shit
Thank god for Bos at least
Catch the fucking ball
"Guess we're feeding Bosgod again.

We can't keep fizzling out in the redzone like this."
Thank you Houston for running the ball twice
"We love 3 yard runs on 2nd and 19, don’t we, folks?"
Ok...why would you play a draw play on 2nd and 19 with a future HOF QB?
These play calls are Adam Gase type shit
This is why we all call for fichtners head every year lol
"I feel like the call came into Ben as ""run it up the middle for 20""."
Should have been PI... FUCKERS... they called that shit on us all day last week.
I guess you can hold onto a WR's arm now?
Jesus there's swallowing whistles and there's these refs. Are we sure there are actually refs in the stadium?
"I'll say it again, fuck these refs"
Looks like the Texans remembered they can pass on us at will.
Trash refs.
"Oh shit.


Watt drilled Watson"
Big tiny Mike Hilton!
Watt held that whole play holy shit. I'm losing it guys. My neighbors have got to hate me now
What could go wrong pointing at who your throwing at
Just let Ben be the fucking OC. Randy can just chill.
This has been a huge game for ebron
When the offense is clicking they're dangerous. Please more of them kind of drives.
🅱️ONNER STRONG
Jesus JuJu... i REALLY would have loved you keeping that held tight through the ground... cause I hate trusting Refs on anything catch related \~\_\~
"God Conner is the most ""when he's good he's great, and when he off, he's infuriating"" running back for me I love him right now though"
HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE
"I'm not going to exaggerate at all.

WE HAVE THE BEST PULLING GUARDS IN THE NFL."
"Alright defense let's show the fuck up, give it back to the offense, and run this motherfucker out."
I love watching the fanbase’s opinion on Conner change so much every half hour
Juju's just been quietly doing the dirty work this year. They gotta get him a nice little ten yard in route or something so he can work with some space
TJ has already won the Watt bowl
i feel like conner never tries to dodge anything. he always just runs straight ahead and hopes for the best
Wait... Did we just call the right play???
I still fucking hate the touchback rule
"Claypool showing up at the last minute but showing up nonetheless!! 

See ya Texans!! 3-0 boys!! Victory pre-roll!!"
Houston is a complete team. A win here is really good
"Ayo claypool almost made me shit myself, all good tho"
Joe Burrow is on the ground every other play in the Bengals game. He is not going to last if the Bengals don't protect him.
"Buckle up everyone, Browns have a positive record for the first time in over a decade."
Once again reminded of that god awful fumble out of the end zone rule.... but luck might actually be on our side today
The defense had an amazing second half
"TJ and Derek : ""So... mom officially loves us more now"""
"So excited with how the team has started this season. Up the Steelers, never doubted the win today!"
Here we go steelers here we goooooooo!!!!!!!
I said it and I'll say it again. Our Secondary is looking mighty suspicious
"As soon as I bought a Minkah jersey he lost his superpowers. All my fault, everyone."
Who’s worried?
"I said this when it was 14-3:

The only thing l'm going to say is good teams battle back from bad starts. They make adjustments and improve over the course of a game. The next 2 hours will determine if we are a good team. hope the answer is yes. Because so far it hasn't been.

... I think we can say we are a good team now."
LETS GOOOOOO
"16 years as a Steelers fan has taught me to never be confident or comfortable about ANY game. So I'll *hope* we win, but I'll *believe* we'll win when there's 30 seconds left and we're up by 10"
if we can continue to play D like that we’ll win
Offense is churning nicely this drive
"We actually didn’t start with the classic run, run, throw 3 and out this game. Incredible"
Jaylen as a third down back? Huh ?
21 straight games without an opening drive touchdown 😭🤦🏽‍♂️
"Steelers figured everybody plays the pass with samuels on the field, the got too fancy there.

just run it up the damn middle behind your all pro C and G"
Oh don't start this shit
Middle has been wide open for 6 years now I swear.
TJ held like a newborn baby
Alright Fit Ben time for the deep ball.
"Run, Run, Pass - Zero ingenuity"
We were doing so good and you default back to the run run pass fuck off fichtner
The more desperate team is going to win today.
"texans: 0-2 after playing two of NFL's best teams
Steelers: 2-0 after playing two of NFL's worst teams. could be a reality check for both teams"
Diontae returning punts is goddamned roller coaster
"Fumbles too much, dumb enough to fair catch at the 4. Get him the hell off punts, don’t care how shifty he is."
Ya all miss switzer now??
Diontae is not very intelligent
"Why does Johnson continue to return punts? He's, like, an idiot back there. Fair catch inside the 5? The fuck?"
Diontae is such a boom or bust on punt returns. He'll either make a boneheaded play or a huge return.
This is gonna be an ugly game..
I missed Ben’s bombs down the field. But I only miss them when they are completed.
Jesus Bince he has a family man
Odd play calls so far
"Bince might be a one trick pony, but that trick is really satisfying to watch."
I don't get how teams can watch the Patriots dynasty running the same 4 high percentage plays for two decades and not attempt the same thing.
Tj is being held every single down
I still believe in us.
Our 3rd Down defense is trash
We really need a td on the next drive if only to restore our confidence
If we don’t get something going on offense this next drive then we might get killed. Defense clearly isn’t going to win us this game so it’s up to Ben and the offense to take it into their own hands.
Minkah officially looking bad. This guy needs to make a play
This discussion thread is absolute cancer lol
I’ve been to most other NFL subs and can confirm that they’re all just as cancerous when their team is down.
id suck a fat d1ck for 10-14
i hate that new rams logo so much
BIG BEN WITH THE BLOCK
Great block Ben!
Ben trying to lay the wood
Ben with the block
Chase is too big to not be in here.
WELCOME TO PITTSBURGH YOU CUTE FUCK
Ebron caught that!
A long sustained drive. That’s what I’m talking about!
EBRON COMING THROUGH CLUTCH!! FUCK YES BABY!!
Been waiting for them to unleash Ebron
EXACTLY what was needed. Defense finally rested and got the touch.
If we could just not give up more points until the half that would be great
"Alright Minkah, I smell a tip pass coming your way"
"Ok so if we hold the Texans to nothing until half, this is a totally different game"
Stilllll holding TJ
Did Diontae return? Looked legit shook up after that hit in the reverse
>FB Derek Watt has a hamstring injury. His return is questionable to today's game.
"Aw, man. Poor Derrick."
I am so sick of running in first and second.
"Ebron is just a skinny lineman playing TE, dude is huge"
Conner is looking good today
NOBODY WAS NEAR HIM
WE GET THE BALL BACK AT HALFTIME TOO LETS GO
Woohoo! That's my quarterback and that's my receiver!
JU JU!!! you making me see our super bowl chances are [TRU-TRU](https://i.imgur.com/wrIKDh9.gif)
How can we drop seven and STILL leave guys open??
Our secondary has more soft spots than a baby's head
This steelers d looking real weak rn
Right. Down. The. Field.
Holy shit how did they March down the field that fast
Goddamn just letting them walk down the field.
"It's like every time people start to take us seriously we do stuff like this and show why they shouldn't.

Our secondary is looking like dogshit today."
Wonder how our 20 second offense is
Yeah I actually thought we'd go into halftime with a lead
"This secondary is really, really bad right now. Whatever issues they have they need to correct fast. I'm not expert enough to know if its scheme or talent but they fuckin suck."
Man what happened to our D? Come on boys!
Defense looks not good right now
Just when I thought my blood pressure was going down.. they pull me back in
How is the defense so inconsistent? Every drive has been 3 and out or fucking easy drive for td. That’s so fucking bad
"With this pass defense, who cares if you have a good run defense if teams never have to run against you."
It's even more painful to know that this is what we're gonna have to deal with the rest of the year. Because you know that no changes are gonna be made to the scheme
This zone shit has to stop
"Ben with the forward kneel, making sure he keeps those rushing yards."
"Never thought I'd say it this year, but we need the offense to bail out the defense."
Why can't the fucking offense and defense click at the same time?
Gonna need a lot more than 26 to win today
Nelson has sucked this year must have slacked during the off-season
Damn some of those streams must be very far behind lol
God he's just sailing these long balls man
Bruh these guys are open deep. Ben is just overthrowing them by miles
He got that
Hit em with the big stiff arm lmao
Good challenge
Ben with that Dad strength.
He has it by a yard easy
Ben’s accuracy is suspect
Two shitty sets of refs in a row. Aren’t these guys like trained for months and shit
FLACCO SPECIAL
Horrible play call but I’ll take the penalty lol
BALL DONT LIE
Ben's deep ball has not been pretty.
What a bad play call on 4th and inches.
"This is a bad string of calls, makeup call... and now another makeup call because the makeup call was a bad call..."
2 terrible calls in a row lmfao
Should have been 7. With how our secondary is getting torched 3’s won’t win it
Right in the hands lol
Catch the fucking ball
"Ben, less pepper. WAY less pepper. Ffs"
Can’t be getting field goals when our defense allows tds in 40 secs.
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL
I can’t wait for this next Texans drive where they successfully target Nelson every play.
Ray Ray got wheels
"Thankfully our defense showed the fuck up.

Let's get a damn touch down offense!!"
Solid tackle by Edmunds
its a shame terrell is so fuckin shit at coverage because hes above average in run defense.
"That's it, I love McCloud. Switzer (as hard as does try at least) would have been in the dirt on that one but this guy made it into a decent return"
McCloud runs like he thinks that at any point in time he may have to run through a brick wall and I love it.
"Instead of Killer Bees we got Big Macs? Vance, Ray Ray and Anthony? Does it work? If not I'll see myself out."
Ray Ray is a grown ass man
Run play on 2nd and 19?? ARE WE GIVING UP ON THE DRIVE DUDE THE FUCKKKK IS THIS
2nd and 19? Let’s give it to Glass Connor. Great playcalling...
This game is making me remember how much I hate Randy Fichtner
It’s Randy Fichtner’s world and we’re just livin in it
It's almost like they should have actually fucking tried on second down so the third isn't so hard.
Need 16yds and we run a 15yd route 👌🏼
WHERES THE FUCKING FLAG ON TEXANS 42 on the kick?
I would love to see a play action pass (not a screen) at some point this season. I would also love us to go no huddle at some point. We used to do these things with some frequency.
Thanks a lot Feiler
The worst part of the run on 2nd & 19 was that it wasn't even a draw.
We ain't winning football games without takeaways.
hell yeah tuitt!!!
Uh oh Bens hurtin. Ben dropping 300 yards and 4TDs this half.
So just hold his arm the whole time. Cool
refs are so fucking bad
Wow thats hella PI lol
Man that would’ve been a hell of a catch
Ummm. Refs?
these refs need to be beat
Our inability to score TDs in the redzone is really the story. If we lose I blame that.
Edmunds just loafing around in no man’s land
TJ getting sick of this shit lol
That’s what we fucking needed!!! TD next CMON!!!
Watsons definitely hurt
Hilton is a fucking STUD
Anyone else notice how jacked Jake from state farm is?
"So it’s week 3, two injured QBs, and we still have to play the Bengals twice still. I feel bad for Burrow."
"“YOU GONNA HOLD ME? FINE. ILL GET EROUND THE OUTSIDE AND COOK YOUR ASS LATER.”

-TJ"
"Taking off the homer glasses for a second, Watson is playing really really well. He reads the pocket well, scrambles well, can make most of the throws... Its been impressive. Lots of people here shouting at our secondary, but it is pretty darn difficult to cover zone when the QB can extend for that long and make throws across your body.   
It makes me fear Ravens a lot."
Feel bad for the dude who was happy he benched ebron in fantasy.
"I hate the Browns, but man Chubb is a fucking beast."
Vance refrigeration back in business
McDonald: Puny defense.
8 points would be so fucking huge right now
James Conner!!!
Give juju half that touchdown. That block was CLUTCH
"No hesitation on that run, just a missile."
NO MORE JC SLANDER
That’s the kind of drive I want to see from this offense!!! Everyone contributed
BIG CATCH JUJU
Juju with the pure class block there
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS NOW D UP LETS GET THIS DONE
Hold it down defense and get Ben that ball back
D has to make a stand. Let's go!
Hell of a drive boys. Way to execute for the TD and Two points. Defense needed that break! LETS GO BOYS
Nice block JuJu
AHHHHHHHH LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
28 Points is more than they scored in any game last year.
oh mama i'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law
JJ on the sideline watching the new model outperform him.
This TJ Watt is pretty good
Our team is so strange.  Third and long on defense is always risky.  Third and short on offense is low succes.
"so glad they went for it, would had been a tough fg"
That was... dark
If that went out of the end zone I would’ve cried
"Perfect play calling, this drive has been magical"
That was dangerously close to a touchback.
C L E N C H.
BRO THAT WAS SCARY AF
THANK GOD
Thank fuck that wasn’t a fumbled out of the end zone bullshit
Just take 3 knees
I want another score just so we can get over 30 points for the first time since 2018
"Gotta give the defense props for stepping up big time in the second half. The offense finding more consistency really helped as well. Once we can put it together for a full 60, we'll be tough to beat!"
"I thought, with Texans being 0-2, this would be the game we let slip.  Glad to be wrong.

I think Ben is primed to make a run."
We haven’t scored 30 since 12/2/18 against the Chargers.
Second half defense brought it and offense clicked 4th quarter
3-0 biitttcheesss
our secondary just doesn’t compare to our d-line and linebacker core
3rd and 10??  More like 3rd and BEN!!!!
Not even gonna take a shot? Randy you fucking coward.
Wait aren't we losing?? Shouldn't we have tried something there
These passes aren't perfect but they should still be caught. Holy fk.
This dude is so much better than Switzer when it comes to punts
So far I'm loving RayRay wayyy more than Diontae on returning punts
[deleted]
"Please lord, let them not blow this turnover on 2 runs, 1pass, punt BS...."
"Blow it up fire all coaches and coordinators, trade everyone for draft picks. Ben is washed up/trash, defense is overrated. Our season is over./s

Where are all the folks saying this stuff in the second quarter? Go Steelers!"
"Two things are going to happen:


1. We're going to win this game.


2. Haters on this sub will bitch about it in every way possible.


Ride or die."
"Ben hits a guy in the hands
Some people in this sub : BEN AND TOMLINS FAULT"
Jesus can they cram any more commercials into this
If Fitzpatrick doesn't get his shit together the FO's gonna turn around and give his money to Juju.
Conner has dropped balls that Bell would've caught... I miss him 🥺
"I can’t stand Randy. On 2nd and 19 why don’t you call a quick in, out, or slant so then you’ll have a manageable 3rd down😃😃"
Lets have a healthy win here. Bless the knees
"LET'S GOOO! 

P.S. I miss the Tomlin grinning face flair that used to be here"
Won't be able to watch the game since my buddy is getting married. Have to settle listening to the Steelers radio. Let's go! Here is to 3-0
"Chinese food is on hand, dogs and myself are in jerseys, the good weed is ground up and ready to rock for kick off, victory pre-roll on stand by, 120 ounce water jug refilled with ice and refreshing water.

Let's fucking do this."
I want the Steelers to win
"omg leaving TJ unblocked on the first play of the game 

the balls on HOU"
Im liking the play calling so far
juju is hines ward 2.0
Chill out on ebron yall that bell was below his knees 3 ft behind him
"THATS WHAT I WANNA SEE FROM CONNOR, FUCK YEA"
"I love ben not forcing deep shots, just taking what theyre giving us"
Fucking beautiful seeing an actual check down in action instead of immediately going straight for the check down option.
Why not give it to Conner to pick up the first?
What a weird playcall on 3rd and 1
That's a good first drive. If we keep on pushing the ball but hopefully end with TDs we'll win.
Just hate these shotgun runs we continue to get stuffed on
That shite run call disrespects the supreme Juju effort to get the first down and keep the drive moving.
Texans have serious speed outside that’s gonna be an issue. Crossers against man is gonna kill is
Why was Vince covering cooks
Like a knife through warm butter
Bruh why did they not call holding
I really don't have a good feeling about this game
wheres minkah at
Where’s Fitz? Dudes been a ghost this season so far. I’m thinking that Butler has tightened the game plan because we have an offense this year. Stop that.
[deleted]
Ok.  Fuck this.  Everytime I wear a jersey we play like hot garbage.  I'm taking it off.  Sorry guys.
Banner is my eligible receiver. Get better soon big guy.
Run. Run. Pass. You think opposing teams will figure it out? /s
I was really confused when we didn’t start the game with two runs up the middle and then a sack. I’m much more comfortable now.
"Run Run Pass, never saw it coming 🥴"
Hilton is iffy at best in coverage but holy shit he is by far one of the best blitzers and solo tacklers we have.
Good defensive series there. Gotta get pressure on Watson.
Who calls for a fair catch that close to the end zone???
What in the hell lol its like I'm watching a madden game
Offense looking like doodoo
Only need 7? Better throw a deep ball. Ffs
Another week of questioning over half of the offensive play calling... and it being a butt clenching close game the entire time it seems.
"Wtf Ben, just throw for 8 yards.  Stop overthrowing downfield and killing our field position"
Ben finna blow that new elbow out with these overthrows
🅱️INCE
"I'm not worried about the slow offensive start. I think we'll figure it out. Has to be hard on Ben to be playing with so many new characters after a whole season off. 

But I want our play calling to be better to help them gel."
Our secondary is so ass that we literally shut down every single teams running game and we still get torched KNOWING they have to pass
God damm we fucking suck today
Why is everyone so wide open
Has Minkah played this year?
Our secondary is good for allowing 2-3 20 yard completions on every opposing drive
Why aren't they calling holding? I'm not sure if I've seen it this year
Bush getting it done!
Another 3rd and long where we flubbed the zone coverage...
Remember when the defense was good
Bush 100% saved a TD there
Classic Steelers. Go down by 11 and the start playing for real.
Defense can’t get off the field. Offense can’t stay on the field. It’s going to end with us losing by more than 15.
[deleted]
Highsmith didn't set the edge. Oof
What the hell is going on with our secondary? It should not be that much of a liability anymore
calm down everyone the game isn’t over
"If the offense is going to keep putting the defense back on the field after 3 & outs, this is going to be really ugly. Houston start their drives almost near midfield every time."
WHY ARE WE PLAYING ZONE??!!! The Texans WR are not that good I really don’t get it
[deleted]
“fire tomlin” incoming
Glad I'm working and not able to watch.
Wondering how many more times TJ Watt gets tackled before there’s a holding call.
"The only thing I'm going to say is good teams battle back from bad starts. They make adjustments and improve over the course of a game.

The next 2 hours will determine if we are a good team.

I hope the answer is yes. Because so far it hasn't been."
I love MacFarland man lol he's gonna be so good long term
Thank you for using McFarland
McFarland runs like a chicken with its head cut off
Mcfarland is so damn fast
Calm down everyone. There are 40 minutes left in this game. Let's go Steelers.
You guys are honestly the hardest fans to listen to when it’s not going our way. Be a fan not a fucking critic.
Nice block Ben!
BEN WITH THE BLOCK
BEN WITH THE LEADING BLOCK 💪
Lol Ben throwing a block
Damn that Snell run opposite the FB was actually a really good call
I just went from frustrated to happy so fast I think I got whiplash
I thought ebron was shit and needs to be cut?
Fine... do it the hard way... fucking showoff Ben
Great play to Ebron for the TD!!
That’s a fucking drive!!!!!
What a throw by Ben & an even better catch by Ebron. That's what he was brought in to do
And good throw
LETS GOOOOOOOO
"Ok, now its time for the D to show their stuff.  The secondary needs to tighten up and get a turnover."
"So anyone know how that grounding was grounding?  I am not in the mood to look up very specific rules... but I was raised with 'if you throw it through the back of the endzone, its never grounding'."
Is CBS fucking with me right now with no Ray Liota with Chantix?
Still holding tj
Hilton never misses tackles man
Watt/Dupree 2020
Everyone gonna chill the fuck out now?
OH HILTON MY HILTON
Jesus that punt tho
Ray Ray got us about 8 yards more than Fair catch Switz
Ray Ray.  Nice to have a return man that is actually capable.   Been a long time coming.
That punt almost went into fuckin orbit
Diontae being evaluated for a concussion as per Missi Matthews
Conner showing off all those muscles just to get touched and go straight to the ground...
"JUJU!!!!, SHOUTOUT TO CHUKS FOR PLAYING LIGHTS OUT RIGHT NOW"
"Wow busted coverage

JUJU!!!!!!"
I'll take that blown coverage
JUJU!!!
Juju!!!!
FIT BEN TO JUJU BABY!!!
Texans ran away from JuJu like he was Hopkins
Duuude I was like Juju baby why you walking?
"# I TOLD YALL TO RELAX

We got this 💪"
Hope Dionte is ok. I think we’ll be seeing more Claypool the second half of he can’t come back in. We may get to see what the kid can really do.
Overreactions help turn the tide.
"""Ben is too old and the defense is hot trash."""
Can’t believe he literally walked in lol
We get the ball to open second half
uhh wait defense it isnt halftime yet!
Oh come on now... don't give up a free field goal to end the half
Tj being held on literally every fucking play is driving me nuts
Our zone coverage is awful. Or was that terrible man?
1 turnover please to thank
EVERY time we blitz we get pressure. Fucking. Blitz.
I mean who likes a lead? Why carry one into half?
Oh come the fuck on guys... Just fucking hold 'em for three.
That drive was too easy good lord
Defense is just completely deflating is rn
Holy Christ D...
WHY DOES LOOK LIKE OUR DEFENSE IN 2018?????
Nelson... pls
Did Nelson just not want to even try to jump and defend that?
i don’t understand how there are so many no calls on tj
"need to start getting that pressure in faster and secondary needs to clamp down. watson is getting the ball off way to quickly, need to keep those receivers covered tighter just a little longer"
Does Nelson have Watson on his fantasy team?
that was the most predictable thing ever sadly
If we lose this game that texans drive is the defining moment of the game.
Why the fuck we just waste it
"alright i can only say its fine so many times.

&#x200B;

what the actual fuck was that. watsons an amazing qb but we should be able to guard cooks, cobb, and fuller. this is so bad"
Defense is in shambles.
We'd be up by 14 if we incorporated bubble screens. You know it's true!
The defense has did the complete opposite of what they did previous 2 weeks
Anyone thinking its gonna come out soon that Minkah is playing hurt?  This much regression makes no fucking sense to me.
Like do they tell the secondary that the middle of the field is made of lava or something in practice.
Those reality shows are trash.
If we come out this half in fucking zone..
It's weird how hard it is for us to convert on third and one.
Ben with these adrenaline deep balls
Claypool would have caught that but Fichtner is being a fucking moron.
Ummmm are we going to talk about how that bomb to Washington was COMPLETELY catchable???
I think Ben got it with the extend
challenge that
Ben is mobile lmao
He absolutely got it
Clearly a first down
Captain FastFuck? UrinatingTree is gonna love this play
Ben looking like Josh Allen out there
Ben thicc and quikkkkkkk
That's a first
That’s a good challenge. Ben got that
Ben is a graceful gazelle
"are we gonna win a challenge on Big ""Legs"" Rothlesburners?!"
"Kind of embarrassing that needed to be challenged really. It was well past the line to gain, and there wasn't anything unclear about that in real time."
LOL so everyone is fucking blind. OK!
Did sonic just have a commercial for ice
"No holding calls at all, and a bullshit lost challenge? Fucking trash refs"
That’s honestly fucking horrible what the absolute fuck! How in the hell is that not a COMPLETELY DEFINITIVE result
KARMA FUCKER
Good job Chase
4th and inches? Throw to the endzone
"God I wish charles davis would just shut his fucking mouth for 2 seconds. I know it's his job, but he's bad at it"
"Idk about that call, but good play by Claypool to get the flag."
The ol’ Flacco special
These drops are killing me
CATCH THE BALL. MAKE GOOD PASSES.
Ben's not hitting guys in stride very much at all
"3rd & goal, 15 out? Well fuck us."
Sweet hands conner
"You're right, I do not feel good about this"
Now we have to watch this secondary 🤢
"Yup, a penalty and two dropped passes will end a drive for ya"
Is our defense going to hold them to 3 and out?
"Good stop, big return.


Big Mo on our side"
Excellent return
We got a returner here fellas
"Absolute huge dick play from RayRay, that hit should’ve rocked him and he shrugged it off like it was fucking nothing"
Good stand for the D. Maybe that last drive of the 1st half embarrassed them.
"Oh good, run on second and 18, but not first or second and 10"
2nd and 19.....and you run it?
"2nd and 19, better run it up the middle..."
A run on 2nd & 19. lol
"And there's the ""give up the drive altogether"" 2nd down inside run lol"
I love that we decide to run on 2nd and 19. There’s NO chance we can convert so we may as well waste this possession am I right guys?
What a joke
Shoulda gone for it
colquitt has been less than underwhelming so far
"I don't mind running on second and surprising them, but it can't be Conner. Idk why he runs through the center every run. Should of brought in Mcfarland."
"Just fire Fichtner and have Ben call all his own plays. Or hell, crowdsource them. Literally cannot be worse. “Twitch plays NFL” anyone?"
Watt gets held every play. So annoying
Was that a tiki bar-boat?
Doit tuitt
A torn titty would suck.
"please, we need a td here. come on"
"Best field position of the day, 3 and out"
Such obvious PI
Not gonna call that DPI? Literally holding Claypools hand.
ben 15/27 jesus.  with 6 drops.
How was there not a flag?!
Lamarr Woodley for the TFL...sorry...not used to Highsmith yet.
We need a turnover so badly
Anyone got a replay on the Claypool no call?
TJ has been getting held all damn day. He got tackled on that one and no flag.
ANOTHER TJ WATT HOLD fuck man
FINALLY A PICK
HILTON
OH COME ALLL YEEE FAAAAAITHFUL
[deleted]
MIKE HILTON!
finally a turnover
LET’S GO D!!
Nice work D!!!!!!!!!
HILTON YOU MAGNIFICENT BASTARD
Let's gooooo hilton
Tj watt makes that play right after he was held and blocked in the back. This man is a legend
That no call on Watt is a makeup call for not calling him being choked all game
I love picks when the guy who picks it just comes out of nowhere
Turned on renegade for a little pump up and we got an interception. Coincidence? I think not 💪💪
I think Ben really misses Health Miller... because Ebron is getting the same type of play calls he did unlike with Vance.
Time to get that Ebron Jersey
Is it just me or is Conner always looking around for the hit rather than running when he breaks through the first tackle?
Oh no here comes 3rd and short
Ben with the absolute missile way overthrown lol
CONNORRRR
"James conner rushing TD



Stillers goin to a super bowl"
Atta boy James!
JUJU
"JAMES FUCKING CONNOR

JUJU BLOCKING SCHUSTER"
Let's sink that 2 point conv too!
JuJu with that Heinz Ward like blocking..ya love to see it.
Let’s go boys
Nice block by juju there on the TD
Did he catch it?
I admit I was a bit down on Conner in Week one.  He looks good today.
PLZ DFense
Thought that was a drop lol
"Wow that was a truly impressive drive, well done, let’s gooooooo!"
We got 2! Wooooooooo!
Mmmm steeler schizophrenia
Safe to say we made some adjustments at the half. Let's GO.
Man TJ getting all those fourth quarter sacks and fumbles last year is why I wish he got DPOY. He makes big plays when it matters all the time
Long drive boys......long drive please
Soak this clock and kick a field goal and I'll be happy
"3rd and 26, ya love to see it. 

Time to torch that clock."
3rd and long and no BS PI call? It’s a miracle.
JAMES FUCKING CONNER
A little off topic but... You literally can't see shit through these camera setting. Either let me see more than 5 players at a time or don't charge a month worth of salary for fucking game pass come on..
Fuck sake. We always wanna do this the hard way
I fucking LOVE that play. Ben must’ve called it
Wow amazing playcall
Great play call.
3 for 3 on 4th down plays... eh... fuck you Fitchner anyway
"Wow Josh Allen converted a 3rd and 22 


Hes been getting rekt this 2nd half, but that was great"
Well done. Washington was scaring me there. Just drop after the first lol
Benny snells mouthpiece having a spinning rim on it is so on brand lmao
Why do we care about running the clock when they went 70 yards in 40 seconds like we NEED A SCORE
Lucky that wasn't a touchback lol.
That was was close to being a touchback
Ok...that was scary
"Geesh, that was closer"
I was scared af
If the Ravens and Chiefs beat these dudes by double digits then damn it so should we!
3 and 0
"Everyone call for Tomlin's head in the first half, how'd you like those 2nd half coaching adjustments?"
If the Steelers score 28 points we win. Lol 28 in 3 straight
"*Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law*"
UNDEFEATED
It was so nice having a good secondary for 1 year
How Edmunds doesn't get absolutely grilled every week in film is beyond me
Our secondary has seriously regressed
Btw that was terrible clock management (as always).
Nelson? Bad in coverage. Minkah? Nonexistent. Hilton? Neutral. BINCE? Why tf is he in coverage
"Yikes. All I heard all offseason was how amazing this defense was, but now they are getting lit up this week after getting lit up against a career shitty backup last week. 

I think this also shows that the ravens are legit...like really legit."
Browns and Bengals winning... FUCK TODAY
Conner you should have caught that.
#HIRE TODD HALEY
u/EmmettButcher I don't see a Houston TD right there... I see a sack and  your deleted comment.
I think I'm more mad about this game than the Jesse James TD call in terms of refball
"Texans will tire out.


Steelers bend bit don't break.


Going 3-0"
Lmao refball every week it's unbelievable
"We seem to always put linebackers on fast receivers, just Steelers things 😎"
Who knew our “fire everyone” game would come in week 3?
I know this thread is like this every week but a lot of you need to find a new team to watch. Every time the Steelers don't play perfectly it's the end of the world. FOH with that
It’s not an overreaction to question our secondary at this point
Remember when Steven Nelson was good last year?   I do. Dude gets touched up so often now.
Nelson has been getting burnt all year. What happened to him?
Running like he's trying to get to the front of the cafeteria line
That was obviously a first down it's actually rigged if it doesn't get overturned
Good play by bush not biting on that fake
Good shit Edmunds!!!
I thought our team was gonna give up 7 on every drive? That’s what the gamethread led me to believe
What a waste of a 2nd down
"i cant fucking stand fitchner, tired of these shit playcalls. couldnt design a good td drive if all of our lives depended on it"
It would be nice if Minkah would hit someone instead of just waiting with his arms out
Baker mayfield is so annoying
That's what I'm talking about! The reports of the Steelers demise were greatly exaggerated
Ahhh yes another day another game where I’m uncertain if my young 29 year old heart can take the Steeler suspense. HERE WE GO
TURN DOWN FOR WATT
Does anybody know if DeCastro is back?
I have Bears and Falcons instead of our game. Fuck fuck fuck
HERE WE GO! Who’s ready to be stressed for 3 hours?
We should start calling our defense women's pants because they don't have pockets.
WHAT AN EFFORT JUJU
nice effort  19!
juju a beast
JUJU THE FUCKING ACROBAT
"I’m a more cynical Steeler fan and give Juju shit but he’s a different player this year. Whether he’s just amped up or he just phoned it in last year, I don’t know. But if he keeps playing like he is, it’s going to be a hard decision for contracts."
There u go conner.
holy shit play action
Offensive like is giving conner some running room. Hoping him(and the ground game) do well today
Good catch vance
Still better than a bubble screen
We’ve showed em like 10 different things this drive
Shit play call. C'mon man
Not a bad opening drive. Obviously could have been better if they capped it off with a touchdown.
Michael Irvin is clearly high during the pregame
"Samuels didn't even get close. 

Well at least Bosgod will be fed."
Very obvious how much we were missing decastro with that drive
I love Chris Boswell
Benny Snell is in the doghouse. Tough scene for those saying Snell should be the starter after week one
I refuse to believe fichtner called that whole drive
"Points are points, but bad call on the run with samuels."
"I wont put too much stock in the first 8 mins or so of the game, both teams are still figuring each other out and adapting to the feel and flow. 

Let's get another 3 and out and a solid 2nd drive, and I'll feel better about the momentum.

We kinda need to punched in the mouth first before waking up"
What ever happened to the nfl streams sub?  Game isn’t on in my market
First time they mentioned all the watts playing
Every week I forget about Fichtner and every sunday I'm painfully reminded
Nelson what is you doin
Vince covering Cooks deep...
Well that was embarrassing
WHY IS BINCE ON COOKS
Fuck butler
Bleh. Hilton should have had that.
DeShaun coming out knowing he's got something to prove today
How can our secondary suck this much. As soon  as our blitz doesn’t work and the ball leaves qbs hand you know it’s a completion
"Typically slow defensive start. No matter how good our defense they usually look bad the first drive, last drive before the end of the half and late 3rd quarter."
Need Minkah to stop sleeping back there and get involved
now this is the usual first drive run run pass offense
4 man rush. 3 get the QB
Play calling from first drive to second drive is so different?????
run run pass will never work
"Why do we go run, run, pass when our running backs can’t run?!"
Ahhhh the ol’ run run pass punt. You hate to see it
60 straight game with a sack 😈
Hilton is a monster against Bubble screens
"Defense bounced right the fuck back. 

Now do the same thing offense. Do it. Do it."
3 weeks in a row where Johnson fucks up on a punt return?
"Let that ball go, Dionte!  What the hell."
Sounds bad but hopefully it’s his nuts and not his groin
Get DJ outta the GD PR spot
"He knew he fucked up as soon as he called for that fair catch, I don't think he knew where he was on the field"
Dj needs to develop some game awareness
diontae is a good player with some bad decisions
Did that look like a groin issue or a hit to the balls? Hoping nothing serious.
Hey... a Benny Snell sighting... at least he didn’t fumble.
Might as well punt on third down so we do one thing Houston isn't expecting (besides fair catch at the 4 yard line).
"Wow our offense is still rusty, you hate to see it in your own red zone YIKES"
That offensive series was fucking ridiculous!
Bince...Da man...
At least Bince Williams is playing his heart out
"Well hey, at least it wasn't run run pass lol. Run pass pass new era"
Are they even aware there’s a game today?
Man go back to Steeler fucking football on offense. I-formation with Watt leading Conner/Snell and use both TE’s in the pass game. Look at the strong offensive teams using 2 TEs they’re lethal and we have Ebron who can be a monster. This play calling is holding Ben back
When our defense produces more yards than our offense yet again...
🅱️ince playing like a man possessed.
Vince looks scary as fuck so far this season
"Fichtner: Let's run it.

Ben: *60 yard bomb to a receiver 40 yards downfield*"
I would've liked trying a slant 2 straight plays
"that 2nd down play looking like PI to me

after last week we are owed a few

Ben overthrowing everything by 20 yards tho"
This offense is our weak point. Cant beat good teams with a bad offense. Idc how good the defense is
"You know... I am starting to wonder if our secondary scheming is not all that good. Over the years, I have placed the blame on lack of talent...but now we have Haden, Fitzpatrick and Nelson...and Hilton as our nickel.

I know some people love to blame Edwards for everything on down to Climate Change...but something bigger than that just doesn’t seem right."
"Lots of game left to play. That first drive was great, I'm fully confident we can recreate that. Unfortunately we're losing the field advantage game, but I foresee a turnover coming in the next quarter. Secondary got burnt on the TD drive, but I'm not overly worried. As long as they communicate and adapt, we'll be fine."
I feel like we lost half our secondary
are we about to get embarrassed?
Watching Bill Belicheck eat a subway sandwich on a strip mall bench is jarring
WIDE OPEN. wtf are they doing.
Of course hes wide the fuck open
Pretty obvious hold on TJ there
Watson is gonna have 40 passes for 400 yards at this rate.
TJ is blatantly being held
Dude that tackle is holding TJ so slickly I hate it
So basically if they pass we’re fucked
"Lamar Jackson takes that for 50 yards

shit"
"Well this is getting ugly fast. 

We're in trouble boys."
Ok lets try this thing where we complete some passes and score a touchdown.
zone is getting torched. Need a td bad on the next drive
"MFW they had us ranked like the 7th best team, LOL!"
"So first quality QB we play against. And defense looks like utter crap. 
Offense looked bad all season thus far. 

It’s disappointing to see considering KC (34-20) and BAL (33-16) handled HOU easily."
"I guess they don't call holding anymore.

Better to start adjusting now than when they inexplicably stop calling holding in the playoffs like they do every year."
Incredible how badly this secondary has regressed
Lmao this holding
we actually suck don't we?
Why does our pass defense look so much worse than last year?
"Come on guys, us dolphins fans are rooting for y’all hard"
"Please god, let the Steelers get at least 1 TD"
"Good. Run run run. Our top two backs came in averaging somewhere around 5 yards per carry, and we have an explosive young guy to complement them. Let’s run, rush rush rush."
if we settle for a fg i will be so angry
James “down at first contact” Conner
God ebron looks like he's about to drop everything he does catch lmao
Look at Ben with the block.
SNEAK IT COWARDS
BEN OLINE MASTER
This play calling is so good when we're actually playing to win
We are perennially bad at short yardage runs
i swear if we don’t get 7 here...
Ben's feeling pretty good if he's out there throwing lead blocks
If there was ever a time to run run pass
Just run it with conner
EBROOOOON
"YESSSSSS

FUCK YOUR FLAG"
"There it is, fuck you refs."
EBRON!!!!!
THERE WE GO EBRON
"Not watching a stream today, but apparently what I’m watching is still behind. Rip. I guess CBS all access is still technically a stream?"
ok can we calm down now?
We REALLY needed that. Hell yeah!
That catch has some Santonio Holmes SB43 vibes
That was pretty hot ngl
Let the big dog eat!
E squared.
What a fucking pass and catch. That’s huge.
Did he try to kick Ebron?!
Ebron haters suck it.
get lamar off of my tv
Let’s get the fucking ball back for a quick score before the half
Secondary needs to bulk up now.
"Just when i think you couldn't get any dumber, you go and call a play like that.... AND TOTALLY REDEEM YOURSELF"
Needed some time to put offense together... now if the secondary isn’t exploitable...
Nice long drive! Gave our D a chance to catch there breath and do some game planning. TO incoming
I hate being on the west coast. I just want to watch my boys!
Way to punish the scramble
Literally every time we blitz 5+ it works.
A demon possessed me as I yelled the words “GET HIM!”
[deleted]
Yay defense! Keep doing it like that!!
Time for a Claypool big play.
We're going to get to see 2 minute ben !?
Did Johnson lose his PR job after that fair catch at the four
Conner is just not explosive man. Great story and I love the guy but I’m tired of watching him run.
what is this run run pass 2 min offense?
2 minute warning this is where Ben shines
We have got to stop doing the same fucking run run pass shit
Bring Willie Parker out of retirement I stg I can’t bear to watch us run it
Conner just trying to run into people with his back because of all those back workouts
DJ and D Watt injured..
This is the Ben effect right here baby.
Head Injury for Diontae
Ebron getting his hands dirty this week. I like it!
Enjoying this drive
occasionally screen pass  to conner has been working pretty well. Reminds me of Bell days a bit.
OH... THAT WAS FAST LMFAO
JUJU STYLING ON THESE FOOLS
How do you blow a coverage that bad?
BOOM SHACKA LACKA!  Nice fucking pocket protection... that was a big blitz
Ben to JuJu for the TD...music to my ears
But ThE GaME is OvERrr guys
"Best drive of the season, that was so satisfying to watch holy shit"
Chefs kiss
There's no way this is happening without Ben. God how we all missed him lol
VOODOO MAMA JUJU
"And just like that, we're back on top. And we get the ball back after the half. Oh ye of little faith!"
Great fucking drive. Damn I love JuJu man. I hope he stays with us.
That  is called wide ass open
Ok now secondary please stop their 2-minute drill before the half.
JUJU LETS FUCKING GOOO
Lets just run no huddle for the second half.
We were down by 11 for about two minutes.  During that time half this sub were about ready to become Ravens fans :/
FIRE GMJR
JUJUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!
Defense needs to force a stop here this is huge now
The offense needs to keep this up. I hate when they get a lead and start to play conservative. PEDAL TO THE METAL AND CRUSH THEM LET'S GOOOOOO!
"So your kids are misbehaving and the solution is buy a bigger house?

What kind of fucked up message you sending Rocket Mortgage?"
Holy wide open... Even juju was surprised by the looks of it
Gotta worry we handed them the ball back with too much time left on the clock.
"Wish we ate up more clock on that last drive, knew Houston would drive up the field here"
"NFL Sunday football, now with 100% more commercials!"
Yeah just play soft zone..
17-17 is worst case scenario. 21-17 cannot be an option
"*Watson carves up zone d left and right*

Butler: let's keep running zone"
HELLO? DEFENSE?!?
Predictable
You have GOT to be kidding me.
I thought this was supposed to be the best defense lol
Are you fucking kidding me
walking all over our secondary
bring a blitzer please
Yoooo that made me sad
Our secondary literally has no discipline
Wow..... Looks like it's gonna be a shootout.
Nelson didn't even fucking try
What happened to our secondary? Ugh :(
This 2018 all over again
Secondary is imposter
Nelson having a tough start to the year
50 second drive... Pathetic!
Wow we are getting torched.  :(
Nelson is shit
This defense is boggling sometimes.
Unbelievable. Defense looked like they were ready for half time
You would score 100 points against us if you ran a quick pass every play
Haven’t heard shit from heyward or Tuitt once this game. Not good enough to beat Watson
Gotta run a play there... see if getting into FG range is possible. They had two TOs. That’s frustrating.
I’m reading on Twitter TJ watt went into the locker room holding his arm and may be hurt. Anyone see info on this?
This Secondary has to answer our questions. What has happened to them?
Need some Turnovers baby
I’m more worried about Nelson over minkah
I know defenses are at a disadvantage because of the no contact rules and having ahard time practicing but this can't be considered acceptable to this team.
"Butler probably made zero adjustments during the break. ""Keep playing hard, zone will work eventually!"""
"I have to get the ""damn I hate #26"" out of my head after barron last year, McFarland looks nice"
We also aren’t gonna kick a field goal at mid field...so that’s different
"Ben deep ball pls, that’s the third or fourth tough miss today"
That's a fucking first down
Bens going to give me a heart attack
"Hey guys, I know the first and second long ball didn't work.... but what about third long ball? Surely that'll work"
NICE RUN BEN
Fast Ben Roethlisburger
"&#x200B;

*First Down!!!*"
Good challange
Ben with the stiffy
He made that shit come on
"It's not often you win a spot challenge, but they should get this one. He's over the marker."
How do you fuck up that spot by a whole damn yard when you're right there
"Benjamin ""Hot Rod"" Todd Roethlisberger"
"Ben got it, whether or not the refs recognize is a coin flip IMO"
FUCKING REFS.
WTF
BULLSHIT
EVEN GENE SAID IT WAS A FIRST
Horrible call
KO your local ref
"So frustrated with the producers. They keep cutting away from the end of the play before they show us where the officials are spotting the ball. Hold your water for a couple of seconds to show us what is going on. 

They went to commercial for the challenge without even showing us where the ball was spotted."
That is THE most obvious wrong call I’ve ever seen
What an awful awful call
What the fuck
How?????
Fuck you ref
The ref who reviewed that play should be fired immediately. That was fucking ridiculous.
Claypool can ACT! lol
"Absolute hose job from these refs. Houston holds on every fucking play, offense and defense."
I hate that play call
bullshit ref call on the ben stretch.
KARMA
complete bullshit on the mark so idc
Lmao that was a horrible call. These refs are trash
We got bailed out hard
BALL DONT FUCKING LIE ASSHOLES
"I normally don’t complain about the refs..but that call was bull. And to the guy that got Sharkey’s, my condolences...get some Dino’s, son..!!"
The referees are fixing the mistake on the challenge
Well these receivers are not helping Ben
Oh come on... FUCKING CATCH THAT BALL
Al wtf dumb
ben kinda.. inaccurate today?
Is diontae hurt?
Let's put something together boys. We need it.
Drop drop drop
can somebody please catch
CATCH THE BALL
The fuck was that play call
God AV is terrible
Long. Painful.  Failed drive.
What a fucking awful drive
Catch the fucking ball
Thankfully Box is not Box from 2018. Something to be happy about
A clock has better hands
Super happy about Steelers special teams
guys quit saying ben should throw it less hard lol. its the nfl. these guys should catch these passes
Anyone else see McCloud just eat a hit that would have taken most players out of the game?
God damn McCloud took a fucking hit and took off like a Fox in a Arwing!
Not used to special teams clicking. Especially kickoff coverage.
I think McCloud may become the featured punt returner
ok let the texans do that thing where they blow the game.
Ray Ray is pretty good at this kick/punt return thing.
Well fuck... just got embarassed on that blocking assignment
Running the ball on 2nd and 19. You hate to see it
A draw on 2nd and 19.... on your own 20. Great call. What a pioneer
Why do you run on 2nd and 19
Who thought.the run was the right call?
Running on 2nd and 19 is chicken shit
"Starting to think they may be better off with Feiler at RT and Dotson at LG. No disrespect to Chuks, more about Feiler struggling at G."
Need to protect your first ballot hall of Famer better
I swear our offense is best when it's no huddle
Ben being injured would be soo Steelers lol
"We rely way too much on defense. 

Let's get another stop boys."
Where is Dupree today?
We finally start with great field position. Let's take advantage.
“outstanding field position”. Alright now let’s do something with it!
"gotta be kidding me, we needed a td"
Wtf!! I didn’t know you can grab arms now!
We gotta get juju involved
I guess you can just pin the receivers arms now.
Missed PI
Holy PI Batman
I would like an interception or a fumble please and thank you
Fuck these refs
Splish splash our offense is playing like trash
Run the ball
Are we capable of guarding the middle of the field?
This defense is getting abused
Secondary is asshole.
I feel like I've seen the same thing happen 12 times this game holy shit
3rd and long.. guess they'll pick this one up as well... 🤷🏼‍♂️
Fuck this defense today
glad the secondary is enjoying their front row seats to the game!
LFG!!!! Hilton been having a great game today.
MONEY MIKE
YESSSS!!
MIKE HILTON
FUCK YEAH
There's a spark. Now go get it offense.
YES FINALLY
Yes! Hilton
Looks like he pulled his hammy when he jumped
Praise Mike Hilton lol
Fuck thought Watson was out for a moment there.
"Lucky that wasn't a late hit on TJ, but nice job Hilton. Let's go get it now."
"Watt very lucky to not get a flag there, phew"
Let's put some points on the board offense. Preferably 8.
"[Mike Hilton, next March.](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/01/8b/97/018b9783b964a36bb05fe05605d3c702.gif)"
If we go three and out I’ll be fucking livid
"Please offense, play like our last drive in the 1half"
Butler has been our DC for 6 years?  Holy shit time flies.
Ebron lookin' good!
"I’m not sure what happened there, but I liked it"
"I don't ever want to hear Phil Simms say ""Chubby"" like that again"
Our inability to get short yardage is obnoxious.
We are allergic to gaining short yardage
There's some Benny Snell Football
His arm is too damn strong
"Why have one feature back when you could have Conner, Snell, Samuels, and McFarland?"
"Just run for it Ben, you're practically the fastest man on the field!!"
The Vance Truck rumbles
LETS GOOOO
Vance is fucking awesome
CONNER BABY LETS FUCKING GO FOR 2
JAMES CONNER MUTHAFUCKA (real nice block by fieler)
Huuuge drive
Nice run for 6
OH BABYYYYY
Trubisky and foles is arguably worse than Rudolph and hodges.
Feiler redemption! Conner looks good today
Fuck yeah
Let’s goooo 28-21
"I feel like Rick Flair right now!

WOOOOOOOOO!"
Worried that the 2pt gets challenged
I wouldn't hate a pick 6 right here.
that’s what happens when TJ WATT isn’t held
WATTTTT!
"Its THIRRRRRRD DAAAHHHN


... and 26"
TJ Watt is going to be worth the entire Steelers organizational worth lolol
OH MAMA IM IN FEAR FOR MY LIFE FROM THE LOOOONG ARM OF THE LAW
"The defense has been looking leagues better in this 2nd half, I can't tell rn if it's due to adjustments or what but they look good"
Lots of game left and have to work the clock out and at least get 3. Watson scored 3 TDs in under 3 minutes in the first half
Please put it away here. Don’t be conservative
STAY IN BOUNDS!
Back to back 100 yard rushing games. Seems pretty good to me.
I need 16 yards from JC here
Defense really stepped up in the 2nd half. Gotta close this one out.
VANCE MCDONALD JUST KILLED THAT MAN
Field goal ends it
go for it fk em
How many fucking times are they going to waste a perfect opportunity for a playaction pass?
Bubble screen time
JW LETS GOOOOO
Fuck It. Go for it.
GO FOR IT. DONT BE A BITCH.
I love that play call right there.
No one is saying just kick it jackass.
I love the ambition
buuuuurrrrrn that clock baby
I’m sorry everybody. Just put on my 7 jersey at the start of the 4th. Should’ve wore it the whole game.
Holy shit that’s scary
Danny Smith and a whole pack of gum in his mouth as usual lol.
Luckily ball didn't go through the end zone
11 is my next jersey.  I love this kid.
Chase Claypool 🐐🐐🐐
Sure he's not fumbling but he's also got like 8 yards on as many carries.
Could've easily been a touchback lol but we don't live in our fears
Very lucky that didn't go out through the end zone
That was lucky.
3-0 BOISSS
Better give it Conner...
Fat lady is warming up in the tunnel
😀about to go up 3-0
Victory formation
I was depressed half the game but not anymore
"Don’t forget guys, the game was O-V-E-R after 1.5 quarters of football"
Kick the FG just to score over 30.
Can someone explain to me why the clock started to run before the two minute warning without us snapping the ball?
"After the defense allowed that score to end the half, they pitched a shutout in the 2nd. You love to see it"
Shutout in the 2nd half!
"What a performance by the defense in the 2nd half!

Feel real good about this team atm"
Name a more iconic duo than the Steelers starting slow in the first quarter and sometimes the entire first half.
what is like 83% chance to make the playoffs if you go 3-0
3 and fucking 0 baby
LMFAOOO WE'RE GONNA GET BLOWN OUT BY THE 0-2 TEXANS BOYS!
i see this place hasn’t forgotten how to overreact
I can’t fucking stand Villanueva man. Talk about somebody who doesn’t at all deserve the mark of 2x Pro Bowler. Thanks for your service but you’re not good
Secondary continues to be garbage
Vince on cooks? Why?
"Williams on Brandin cook. Nice. 

We need a coverage linebacker asap"
Defense what the fuck was that
"Sounds like giving advice to my first girlfriend I got frisky with. Don't do anything cute, just touch my balls the conventional way and focus on the basics."
Touch down bong hit!!
LOL at all you fucking nerds saying the game was over in the first quarter
"At least TRY, Nelson! You know.... jump or do something defensive!"
It’s hard to say you couldn’t see this coming. Jones and Driskel threw for 530 yards on us and they picked us apart. Now Watson has 200 yards in a half. The secondary regressed so much.
"So if we lose TJ, this game just got a lot tougher"
How many people want to bet we trot out the same defensive scheme at the half even though it's clear to a blind man that it ain't working
I don't think Minkah has made a play so far this season. He's due for a game changing play
"Good


Stop


D"
Good job breaking down so there was nowhere to go with the ball after the catch. Wait for help to rally and make the sure stop.
Conner runs like he thinks he's Leveon.
I fucking can’t stand this play-calling. Losing the fucking game and playing like cowards.
"We're playing against the desperate texans, the sportsbooks and the refs today. This was always going to suck, but fucking hell."
Oh shit... their OC remembered he can pass on us
Don’t worry Fichtner can mess up this momentum switch too
I cannot with these play calls. Stop with the fucking horizontal shit
IF we end up going 3-0 after this game...can people lay off the armchair General managing just a little?
Go for the touchdown PLEASE
Gonna check post histories to see how many of you said it was over
Man you guys are insufferable lmao
Ben is THE man though. Some of you dipshits need to recognize that.
You can tell Randy sits when pees because he runs it on 2nd and 19.
"Think I would've went for that, maybe that's why I'm not the coach"
Why hand off to our passing back when we need 3 yards?
I think the Texans just want this one more today.
I’m scared we gave Houston too much time
"Are you fucking kidding me?

Show the fuck up secondary."
Did they really just shit on us in 50 seconds?
Nelson is becoming a liability.
Well I have no way to watch the game but it sounds like this once great defense has fallen apart. If you ask me it's totally a coaching issue. How you go from amazing to bad this fast without it being on the coaches is beyond me. They've let the players get lazy and slow.
"I came in here looking to vent about the secondary a little bit, but jeez the bridge jumping going on in here is insane"
Catch the fucking ball
3 n out baby let’s go
It’s Either a 3 and out or TD drive for the D
"RAY RAY, A FUCKING STATUE"
Why run it up the middle on 2nd and 19?!
That punt sucked ass!
I need about 4 packs of cigarettes and 2 30 racks after this game
"We need 7 here with a conversion, no FG boys"
Look I just want the win but for fantasy purposes I’d love to see another Conner-6 here. Rolled him and Juju today
Honestly the defense looks like it’s regressed a bit from last year. Hopefully they pull it together as the season progresses.
"Losing to Bill O’Brien

lol"
Id rather have casper the friendly ghost out there than Minkah. What the hell happened to him?
"One thing to all Americans here. I get it you guys WANT YOUR GUNS. All Good. You guys DONT WANT FREE HEALTHCARE. ALL GOOD. 

BUT HOW THE FUCK DO YOU GUYS ACCEPT THIS MUCH COMMERCIALS DURING THE GAME."
Here we fucking go!
"Anybody else plays the game audio on two sets of speakers to get that ""bar"" vibe in the home?"
May the best Watts win!!!
Ahh yes. Here we are. Another week of overreactions and crazy takes. I’m ready baby.
"LETS GO BABY!!!

WHO RIDE!?!?"
"Shoutout to my fellow East Coast noontime drunks, and even bigger shout-out to my West Coast brethren pounding those Bloody Marys. Let's get this W boys."
"Who’s ready for some Steeler Football?
Its time for egregious overreactions, terrible playcalling and even worse penalties on todays viewing of the National Football League"
"""expecting high wattage"" I quit I'm going back to bed."
"Drink every time you hear ""Watt"" or ""Brother"""
Did Houston just forget about TJ on that first play?
Iron Mike....we love you
Holy shit Juju! Lets go!
Holy fucking shit juju
Holy shit what a play juju
We have to keep juju holy fuck
Did Juju just backflip for a first?
Juju been playing like a te this season
we didn't go run run pass in that first drive
"Holy shit, you love to see that effort from Juju, especially with a bum wheel"
Mcfarland sighting!
Looking good so far. Eating the clock up
WHO TF IS CALLING THESE PLAYS?! AINT no way this is Randy 😭😭
Why run with Samuels in there
BOSGOD
Is JJ playing?
So tired of seeing Samuels in the backfield
"Honestly it’s okay with the fg, liked the look the offense has"
We are really stupid when it comes to personnel.
Finally got a stream going
"I love how half the people are shitting on the play calling and the other half are impressed that Randy called that drive. It was a bad third down call but come on guys, that was improvement!"
I'd watch Attenborough narrate a documentary about paint drying.
What has Danny Smith been doing bruh out ST is good this year
Nelson was like 4 yards behind him. Yikes
"Can someone pm me a way to watch the game? /r/NFL streams is gone. Please help. I'm not in the coverage area.

Edit: thanks everyone!"
Steven Nelson is worrying me. Hopefully last year wasn’t a fluke.
Vince Williams on brandon cooks?!?!
Need to pressure. Send an extra rusher.
"Vince Williams covering a WR. Brilliant, Keith Butler."
Cover the middle of the fucking field
Man coverage is not working
Williams is gonna get torched
"Bill o Brian is stupid enough to just run ball, so I have hope"
And this is why you don’t settle for field goals
"Keith Butler is such a dog shit NFL coach. Houston had two TD plays exposing Williams and Hilton in coverage, the only two guys who get attacked through the air. Get them off the field in passing downs"
"I.

Hate.


Cover.


One.


Please stop.


Thank you."
"Damn, we did everything that drive except stop Watson from carving us up like swiss cheese."
"Secondary has left a lot to be desired, especially compared to last year. Nelson doesn't look like the same player, haven't heard Minkah's name called much, I think maybe last year was just some guys having the best year of their careers. Too bad they can't keep playing like that."
I don't have a good feeling about this game rn
Run run pass. Defense is predictable and offense is even more so.
We can’t rush on the worst run D in the league
Lol ugh. 2 obvious runs and pass. Such a bold strategy
Run run pass punt jump off a bridge into the Allegheny River
Run run pass strikes again
Hate all these running plays when our rb is James Conner
Well shit... Offense needs to wake the fuck up.
[deleted]
Would love to see Randy open up the playbook a little.
"Claypool took on two blockers the whole way down the field and still got deep enough to force that return back inside.

Guy impresses me every time he steps on the field."
BINCE
Hate all these running plays when our rb is James Conner
"Randy, the playbook isn’t a fucking Denny’s menu, you can’t just order the same shit every day for fucks sake try something else for once you bastard"
"Roethlisberger’s brain must be pure mush at this point. Like, it’s kind of amazing that he can even walk and chew gum at the same time much less ply football."
"Now that’s our Steelers defense, LETS GO"
There you go Hilton! You gotta spend all day making up for the td but that’s a great start.
There we go D.
Don't fucking fair catch that
If weren't not getting to the QB then they're hitting guys wide open 10-20 yards downfield. Also why the fuck would you fair catch inside the 5.
WHY FAIR CATCH AT THE 4 YARD LINE?! LET IT FUCKING BOUNCE
Why the hell would you fair catch that!
Danny Smith football baby! It’s never Mike Tomlin’s fault for employing incompetent coordinators!
plant your heels at the ten dont go backwards bud
WHY WOULD YOU FAIR CATCH THAT
"Wow, just let that punt go instead of fair catching"
Brain fart should’ve let it bounce
Godamnit diontae
"You know what, this is some damn good tackling this year. It really is showing."
"""The question is: WHY?"""
McCloud has been looking great back there anyway
Diontae is not long for punt return duty.
Why would you fair catch on the 4 dionte
Let it go Diontae what the fuck
Wtf why didn't he let it bounce into the endzone?!
"Alright, I've never played this sport and I think even I would have been smart enough to let that bounce"
"I can probably explain that but it’s still super shitty.

He assumed with that booming, low flying punt that the punter outkicked the coverage. At the last second he looked down and saw that our outside contain was literally non existent and both gunners were right in front of him so he instinctively fair caught it.

It sucks, it makes sense, experience will be make that better. I’m guessing Danny Smith gives him the greenlight inside the 10 if he likes what he sees. Maybe he shouldn’t."
Ben just calling a timeout so he can call his own plays
At least Ben can still throw deep?
Jesus. Go back to the dump off passes
What are these play calls
Lmao wtf was that
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING
More Claypool please
Ah classic goal line bomb
Why take double coberage when the checkdown has enough room to run??
"A 10 yard first down is just as good, Ben."
Holy shit ebron was wide open underneath
Ben we get it. You still have a cannon. Now settle down and play winning football
I’m hoping this is just a slow start
VINCENT
BINCE BABY!!!!
Holy shit vince
What shitty field position yikes
Ouch! Down population you Johnson!
Turnover this drive. Calling it
BINCE AND HILTON SHOW BOYS
Big Vince baby!
"Bince Billiams, thank you"
My Cousin Vinny again with the sequel tackle for a loss.
Ben is trying to hit Covid with the long ball
Our secondary is ass
We didn’t even blitz and he was wide open.
Secondary needs to tighten the fuck up.
Soft as baby shit zone secondary.
Our secondary has been spotty this year.  Need to tighten it up.
"Keep running, Houston.  It's the only we we can stop the ball right now"
Why would you even try to run against us lmao
"Watt getting held, again"
Just remember - last week the defense was on fire all of the first half and then came out flat. There's still plenty of time in this game. Be patient. The second half could be the complete opposite
How bad is this secondary? It’s reminding me of 2018 season
Uhh holding?
Will there ever be a holding call for tj?
"Holy fuck, are they not calling holding at all?"
"So far, a typical slow Steeler start.  Hang in there fans, plenty of game left to go."
If you’re the Texans why even stop passing?
That’s a killer to give up the first down there.
Great job Bush!!!! Perfect way to read the TEs eyes and play the ball.
Holy shit that was so sad our guys ran into each other lmao
Somebody name one bright spot from this game so far. Please
This is disgusting
Our Pass coverage is just bad this year. I thought we fixed the problem from several years ago.
What a shit show lmao
I wish sometimes we had a mobile QB. Or even a secondary. Why does Texas even try to run?
I'm not certain I understand what I've seen so far. Any film guys able to break it down for me? Seems to me like we have decided we are not interested in winning this one.
I know it’s early but we look really bad
"We’re losing right now, but I’d much rather this team play than whatever that abomination was last season. That was such a dark time."
Our coordinators are an absolute joke
Playing bad in every conceivable way
STOP PLAYING ZONE
WE NEED TO RUN RUN RUN THIS NEXT DRIVE AND GO THREE AND OUT
Hard to win when you’re fighting two teams. Can TJ get a single holding call
So is our defense not as good as everyone advertised?
"Backups in on the right side, Wormley and Highsmith and they just run at them

good time to have them in"
sigh.
"So many people who don't know shit about football saying Minkah is bad. It's not Minkah, it's the fucking scheme."
"Defensive backs need to step up, theyre getting torched. Maybe we need to get out of zone? Watson's just picking us apart."
Yep already like this kid
I see you McFarland!
Wow he is F A S T
I liked that McFarland. Keep doing that.
Oh shit y’all have McFarland he was an animal in college
Daddy McDonald 🌭🌭🍆
I could really go for a Vance MacDonald shadow-realm stiff arm today
Shit I think even Buffalo would smoke us at this point
"I love Ebron, dudes a huge Target."
Ben blocking.....
I wish we had another hefty back for plays like that. Can I have fast big and can catch. Can I just have it all???
Ben getting in there with the cut block lol love it
You see this?? We don’t need the big passes. Keep it short and simple and we drive easily
Johnson knocked the wind out of himself with that hit.
Thought Snell had it... jeez
Need a score here
Ben out here throwing blocks 👌🏾
Looked like McDonald was supposed to release.
🤦‍♂️
YESSIR
EBRON
Why didn’t Vance run open? It’s like he was just standing there
That was a GUTSY call!!
"Wow, sick catch"
Rollercoaster of emotion drive there
Clutch.
Ebron is balling out today! LETS GO!
"Yep, that was grounding"
Ebron bout to go off let’s gooooo
Back in it bois
Whoever said Ebron looks like he's made out of clay obviously doesn't know chiseled marble.
phew. alright come on defense
"Defense give me an int now, I want the lead"
Nice to finally have a TE that produces again 👀 McDonald went totally quiet not too long after that iconic stiff arm.
Nice catch
Quick three and out
Let’s go D
Lol he tried to kick him or something?
Ball don’t lie
"Don’t fuck it up D! We need you to hold them to 3 & out.

Or a pick 6. I’d definitely take a pick 6."
Ebron is one physical loon. Red Zone maniac knows how to make the space
What was that kick off?! Saved by Allen
More Steelers in the back field than down field
DJ hurt?
Big D stop
that was a delay of game to me but I'll take it
3 & out! Here we go!
With how often Ray Ray has fumbled PRs I’m not any more confident with him back there
Is NFL Sunday ticket worth it? I live in Philly and finding a stream that doesn't have a lot of cancerous ads that works on my fire stick is absolutely rage inducing
God damn I wish we had a punter like that.
"If we had a good punter, our special teams would be insane."
"When your defensive line is as good as ours is, there will just be less holding calls. It's be 3rd and 30 for houston every time"
Noooo Derrick :(
Derek noooooo!!!!
Why the fuck are we running the clock out?
B b b but...run run pass... why aren't we punting waaaahh
17-14 COME ON... ILL DO ANYTHING!
Conner as our 7th string reciever?????
GOOD JUJU
HELL FUCKIN YEAH JUJU
THAT IS HOW WE PLAY
JU MF JU!!!!
Fuck yeah that's what we like to see lol I thought he was about to step out of bounds there
JUJUUUUUUUUUUU
"just think, yall were super tripping ten mins ago"
We went 7 plays for 63 yards in a minute without using a single timeout or a pass traveling more than 8 yards.
Haha juju wide open... he walked to the end zone
Where are the naysayers??
Lol doesn't get easier than that
Let’s get a big defensive play now
I can't believe I have to miss this game
BD strip sack inbound
"Okay if we stop them, we need to use our timeouts and try to get the ball back. Lets go defense"
“Juju’s on that beat..... in the endzone”
Wide open.... again
I can’t believe we are back to having a soft defense. Last years defense was so fun to watch. Why can’t we have both a good offense and defense at the same time?
Our defense needs to fucking nut up here!
"He’s targeting Hilton every time. Great in the flat, terrible in the secondary"
PICK INCOMING
Tuitt seems off this year...I wonder if the injuries are starting to take their toll
..LMFAO... i don't even know what to say
Garbage
Jesus...fucking....Christ...
Nelson is trash
LMAO sick
"Hello defence, are you there?"
What the fuck was that
"TJ not on the field that last play...oh man, pls let him be ok."
"Ate our fucking lunch of that drive, damn."
Nelson pushed him up to get the ball lmao
Nelson has been getting destroyed this game
Vietnam flashbacks with the secondary this year
Watson on pace for 400 yards passing
21 first half points given up (and no given turnovers)?
"""let's watch steelers tape to build confidence""

that's how shit our zone d is."
Situational awareness is something the Steelers will never be good at. Working the sidelines on their last drive was completely unnecessary and led to 7 Houston points. When your defense is sucking you have to at least try to help them.
I feel like y’all forget how stressful these Steelers games can be.
"Watson is just really good at escaping the pressure, making our pass rusher less effective, which is the key part to secondary performance. This makes me worried about the Ravens game..."
Prevent defense prevents the Steelers from winning the game.
Oh man mccloud is fun to watch. More so than switzer was anyway
"Tomlin and his aviators, such an iconic duo."
I love that they're actually using MacFarland this game
Would have been messy not to get that
Connor needs to be the short yardage back everytime imo. Samuel's and McFarland both have failed to convert on 3rd and 1 today
That's my QB
Steelers Injury Update: WR Diontae Johnson (possible concussion) & FB Derek Watt (hamstring) have been downgraded to OUT for today's game
WHAT A STUD
Yes Ben!
Did anyone elses heart stop when saw that white jersey coming to meet him at the first down marker?
That's a first down!
Don't pull a hammy there Ben
Easy challenge
Can't see his knee when it goes down. Is that good or bad for us??
"Don’t know about that, knee looked down but hard to tell where the ball was when he went down"
Mobile QB? Started with Ben to the right
Wow that’s horrible
Refs have been fucking us all season
HOW THE MOTHER FUCK DOES THAT STAND?! END YOURSELF
"What the fuck, he got that with the extension"
Why the fuck do we have to play every game against 2 teams
That's pure bias
That is one of the worst calls I have ever seen in a review
"Steelers vs Refs

Edit: nvm"
The ol’ Joe Flacco strat
Lol always terrible calls against us
Is there some kind of conspiracy against Tomlin on reviews?
Holy shit deep on a 4 and 1 bailed out refs knew they fucked up
"So are the rules just... if its not a first down, fuck you and your challenge?"
Make up call
Shut the fuck up that's not on Claypool
WHAT KIND OF PASS IS THAT
we finally got a bullshit call holy fuck
My god do these refs fucking suck. Like cool it benefits us but make a right call every once in a while would you?
Are they just throwing flags to adjust for their shit calls?
"Ok, a bad call makes up for a bad call?"
Well I'll take a DPI to bail us out of that and set us up with good field position. Hopefully we get in the endzone this time.
Make up call
Two terrible calls by the refs
4th and 1 easy pass to an open Ebron? No fucking sling it 30 yards!
These refs are fucking assssssss
"Terrible call LOL, I'll take it!"
There we go. The equalizer penalty. Fuckers.
I think I would have declined that.
THE DROPS OMG THEY WANT TO LOSE
Dammit JW
Catch the goddamn ball!
James didn’t even close his fingers to catch that lol that was so weird
Gotta catch that conner
catchhhh theeee fuckingggg ballllll
This offense can’t get out of its own way. For fucks sake
At least a nice long drive like that wears down the defense
Deshaun Watson gonna throw a pick here after running around for 5 minutes
Why are our receivers and backs not named Juju dunking their hands in grease before games?
Edmundsssss
I want a Watt thread too :D
Great work D
Edmunds does never let anyone juke him
RAY RAY
I love ray ray
Ray-Ray can Run-Run.
"Wow. Excluding DJ's return TD last year, Ray Ray looks like our best punt returner in a while."
"Edmunds! All you Negative Nancy's, that kind of bend-dont-break, open field tackling is exactly why we drafted him."
RAY RAY
mccloud looking like dri archer should have been
I don't understand Houston trying the run this often when they've had so much more success through the air. I'll take it though.
"Really love how McCloud runs it. 

Hope we can settle on him being our returner so we can stop with the Switzer nonsense"
That guy plays football
I need someone to upload that ray ray punt return later
"You know... I think McCloud is going to be a significant transaction. He seems to be one of those guys who could take it to the house any time. 

And it has more to do with what I have seen thus far than this last good punt return. There’s a certain skill that kick/punt returners have...and that is that they improve on the fly. They don’t think... they catch and GO."
Sick blocking
You’re fucking kidding me why on God’s green earth would you call a draw play there?!
"2nd &19 run? OK, that was dumb."
With McCloud on the team we need to capitalize on the potential for Star Fox memes.
Wasted drive
Horrendous play call
yep running on 2nd and 19 will work eventually /s
How about some hurry up offense
Colquitt fuckin stinks
Can we get a sack
"Need more out of Watt, and need less holding out of their right tackle."
SACK
GET TUITT
YES
Do it Tuitt!!!
That was a great sack.
Dupree has been EXTRA quiet today
I’ll say it for the tenth time: why would you run the ball against us
"Do it, Tuit!"
Do it Tuitt!!
Good job D!! Can we pleeaaaase win this game it’s right in our grasp
BACK TO BACK THREE AND OUTS
This is great field position. We have to get a TD here
"If we do not get any points on this series, then there has to be a curse on this team like we aren’t allowed to have good offense and good defense at the same time."
How many sacks is that now in this game?
I feel like that spot was still like 5 yards back
"Let's start a twitter campaign: REEVALUATE RANDY

And just flood Tomlin's account."
Great follow up drive for the D. Excellent 3rd quarter after a dismal 1st half. Hopefully they can keep it up for one more quarter.
They too scared to punt to Ray Ray
Joe Burrow. AKA the Cincinnati Punching Bag
"Damn good throw, good attempt"
Fucking all over him what the fuck!!!
Got to love being gifted great field position and then pissing it away
Definitely holding lol
Okay offense let's wake up on the next drive shall we?
"Nice stop, rook"
Need a turnover here
Fuck that was our chance
Middle of the field is always fucking open with these guys
Was he not very close to the LOS?
Heyward has been a tip machine.
Jesus guys
Third downs suck
Third and long is our kryptonite.
what the fuck is with this secondary
Cooks was already in the fetal position before Watt hit him
of fucking course its edmunds.
There ya go TJ!
Edmunds runs past \*TWO\* Texans receivers to try to spy Watson when he still would have needed about 12 yards for the first.
YES HILTON
Hilton is such a stud
HILTON
THANK YOU HILTON
Finally!!! The defense did something
HILTON
LETS FUCKING GO
HILTON
There it is!!
Let‘s go! That was important now stop calling bullshit Randy
Now let’s throw the ball.
Same guy everyone was trashing earlier.
I take back my comment about our secondary being ass..man I missed that feeling of a pick
Now can we fucking capitalize
My fav part of that pick is they just talked about watsons ability to extend plays and then he extends the play into a pick. Lol
Did I just completely black out? When did first down happen
There TEs are getting a lot of looks
"Alright, Ebron. More of that, my man."
Fucking love DeCastro pulling
I’m ready for a claypool play
Conner looks in pain ugh lol not again
Some defensive hands to the face EASILY called there on our lead blocker... but no flag
**I'll fucking do it again meme
Defense doing everything they can to give the offense opportunities. We need to capitalize on these.
We’ve never had a bubble screen work
"The one time it makes sense to run, run, pass and they don’t"
Aside from the 1 run when Connor lost his shoe... is Samuels basically been removed from the gameplan?  I can't even recall him last week
Ben missing deep a lot today
Ebron giving me flashes of good ol' HEEEEATH
I’m getting stressed 😥
I get so fired up whenever Vance runs people over
Vance!
our TEs putting in work!
Ben needs some reps to get used to his newly rebuilt arm on the long balls
Atleast Vance has shown up to play today
Big Vance
GIVE ME A FAT TD DADDY BEN 🤤
Vance have a dip in?
Conner has been good today in my opinion
We need a td. I know our defense has pulled it together but I still don’t trust them to keep the Texans out of at least fg range.
Go for 2!
WOOOOOO
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO
beautiful! atta boy JC!
Boy Connor looks REALLY fresh and rested right now.  Workhorse back showing his talent in these type of situations.  AND A FUCKING TOUCHDOWN
This is gonna need to be a TD imo watsons too good to shut him down the entire half
Fuck Yeah!  That was a great drive.
Offensive line is getting fucking gassed on these long ass drives.
Wow we converted!!
LFG!!!
JuuJuuu!
LFG
I LOVE THE STEELERS GOD DAMNIT!!!!!
Sharp drive there! Wave the Terrible Towel!!
That ref wanted to call it incomplete
Alright we just need to hold them now and it’s in the bag
Juju is just a tank
Looks like Houston's defense is getting tired
That’s what happens when he’s not being held
Why must my butt cheeks always be clenched when I watch my Steelers?
Tj is dominating watt bowl
"""WATCH ME FROM THE SIDELINES BIG BRO!  IMMA HURT YOUR QB""  - T.J. Watt"
Our Watt is BEST Watt
Feasting.
Web have just over 32 minutes of possession
Big time TJ fuck yeah that's five sacks so far for the team
Sign TJ Watt and sign him NOW
I’m making a subreddit dedicated to announcers that instantly look idiotic
Houston has collapsed over the last 10 minutes
DO NOT LET THEM PICK THIS UP.. got em on their heels
3rd down and half the distance to the parking lot... dont give them a penalty for the 1st please.
Ray ray take it to the house and end this
FINISH THEM!!
Our running backs were basically the three musketeer today
Come on boys: a long drive ending in points.  My heart will thank you.
Can we get a big play for Minkah as an extra cherry on top of this game? He needs one.
James Connor for 40 yards rushing this drive please
Watt you beautiful motherfucker
Why did he run out of bounds there?
I’m fine with running if it looks like that
that man went FLYING
"It seems like every time the color guy says something nice about houston, they give up a big play lol."
Not this conservative bs
END IT
^^go^^for^^it
First Dahn!
I love this team!!!!
THATS A GREAT CALL LETS GO
*Herm Edwards voice* “Hello?? You PLAY to WIN the game!” Be aggressive!
Totally thought they were going for the offside. Houston thought so too lol.
I LOVE THE YUGEEEEE BALLS ON TOMLIN
You love to see it
He'll save the children but not the Texan children.
LOL WTF
"Aw hell yeah, reporting eligible in here."
"Run it again, Boz boots it, go to 3-0"
Boswell looks like a weirdo. Just wanted to get that out there.
"""Better to have died a small child than fumble the football.""

The man ain't wrong."
BIG CLAY
Bro mapletron
“Fumble out the back of the end zone...touchback”
"Damn, that ref psyched me out there, thought he was bringing his arms up."
We almost went a full game without a fumble
Heart attack averted for another week
BIG PLAYPOOL
Fuck Grimble.
Chase Claypool is a fucking monster!!!
Claypool da gawd
BALL GAME
Man I love watching mister Claypool
3 knees baby. Nothing better.
Lot of people would like some more fantasy points here but I’m pretty sure this is gonna be 3 kneel downs
These sonic commercials are not as funny as they used to be
Hell yes boys!!!
"Defense came out of the half HARD, I love to see it"
I’m proud of how he came back the second half. Complete shut out
FUCK YA
Look you whiny yinzers the sky is still up there
you guys are gonna talk all this shit now but then turn right around when the steelers do good
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|HOU|21|@|17|PIT|
|00:21 2nd|CIN|10|@|6|PHI|
|00:03 2nd|SF|16|@|6|NYG|
|00:09 2nd|LV|3|@|13|NE|
|Halftime|TEN|9|@|17|MIN|
|Halftime|WAS|7|@|17|CLE|
|14:27 3rd|LA|3|@|21|BUF|
|Halftime|CHI|10|@|16|ATL|
|Final|MIA|31|@|13|JAX|
|Sun 09/27 04:05 PM ET|CAR|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 09/27 04:05 PM ET|NYJ|-|@|-|IND|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 09/27 04:25 PM ET|DET|-|@|-|ARI|
|Sun 09/27 08:20 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|NO|
|Mon 09/28 08:15 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|BAL|"
This playing desperate has to stop. Everyone needs to calm down a little bit and focus.
No call? Still should’ve caught that thi
This secondary is so bad.
"Hilton played that very horribly but was still inches from breaking it up.

R-E-L-A-X. It’s one drive. And it’s the first drive, where they’ve had an entire week to scheme that up. BOB typically has a great opening script, but struggles afterwards. 

I know it’s **so fun** to give up 8 minutes in but give it time."
"Ah there’s the run, run, pass we love."
Hate all these running plays when our rb is James Conner
"Johnson with the mental error, incoming big play for him to rollercoaster our emotions"
[Ben in a nutshell](https://imgur.com/a/nVX9Nk5)
A slow start for the offense and half of you guys have declared it the worst offense you’ve seen and the year is over.
Texans have a helluva punter
Our secondary is absolutely atrocious
Good Lord this defense makes me so angry. I'm having flashbacks of Cockrell and the boys from back in the day
Wow...I really wish the offense tried something there
Keith Butler is just as bad as Fichnter.
Jesus Christ what is that the 5th drop today?
Why check down on long 3rd and goal.
great drive to be stopped by 2 drops smh
Is Ben really throwing the ball that hard or can no one catch right now?
I understand this is only game 3 but this team is a mess right now. They gotta do better than this if they hope to go somewhere this season.
"Everyone that's shitting on Ben, remember where we were last year without him."
Did Fitchner just switch to Houston's team... 3 RB play calls in a row?
Colquitt is....worse than Berry?
"Texans outta gas. It's all 3 n out from here for watson.


Time to put the squeeze on"
THATS WHY YOU DONT FUCKING RUN
AV can't hold a block to save his life my goodness
PI?
"# HIRE TODD HALEY

We will not settle for 2 yard drives anymore! 😤"
Steelers need a peanut punch training camp.
I am feeling....not great
You guys know watson is really good and it's almost impossible for a defense to cover for like 5 seconds right? He's going to make some plays fucking relax
That look of horror on Johnson's face realizing TJ is completely unblocked.
"IM
HORNY 
OMG"
Punch this in and seal it. None of the kneeling shit.
3-2-1... 3-0
why has Mike hilton been better than minkah fitzpatrick all season
Woof.  Elite defense my ass!  We did not look good that drive.
We cannot be considered an elite defense this point into the season
These refs are ass lol we probably should’ve got a personal foul there
"I say it every year, but it blows me away every year how toxic this sub can be on gameday."
"Blame the Rooney’s and Management for this shit. They refused to hire a better defensive coordinator with the idea being “its the players fault they suck, we just need better players”

Well the defense is littered with 1 and 2 round picks, yet they still get embarrassed at will and no one is even close to the ball. 

Keith Butler needs to go. Period."
"Hey it’s OK to say Ben isn’t having a good game because he’s not. It’s not the play calling, it’s not the receivers. Ben is missing open guys, throwing behind receivers, and forced two passes into Claypool last drive."
People. Calm the fuck down.
Maybe don't 0ut Vince on brandin cooks.
Bince on a 4.3 Brandin Cooks. Lmao
"you know its a good day when Randall ""Corn on the"" Cobb burns us for a TD"
Damn Hilton looked like a bitch there.
Would be nice to see Minkah show up at some point.
"Not ideal tbh. Bunch already said it, but run run pass ain’t gonna cut it lol"
[deleted]
"Next on offense. Reverse to Johnson for a loss.  Bubble screen for no gain. Connor runs for 4yds. Punt.

If this happens I’m turning off the game..."
I swear this team has the IQ of a first time pee wee football player.
Farmer's trying to low key tell you they'll get you off on manslaughter charges if you stick with them long enough.
How can our offense possibly keep up with ravens.
"This offense is the dumbest shit I've ever seen..run a fucking slant, pick play, out, curl, fucking anything other than all go routes."
Goddamn Vince. Tell us how you really feel
This defense is a joke but after that deep shot into double coverage on 3rd and 6 I had a feeling it was gonna go this way
How the fuck you gonna let him complete that pass
"So I’m not an expert, so please correct me if I’m talking out of my arse. But our secondary, and particularly Bush and Minkah, seem really fucking good at making plays whenever they get to the receiver as they catch the ball, yeah?

SO WHY THE FUCK DO WE PLAY ZONE COVERAGE AND LET THEM FUCKING WALK INTO TEN YARDS OF SPACE?"
Intentional grounding has to be the stupidest penalty of all time. Aren't we trying to protect the QB?
"On that Ebron TD catch, would you consider that a ""fade""? I am arguing with my son about what constitutes a fade pass."
Run run pass? Puke emoji
Nelson lol you have got to be kidding
Wow this secondary is doo doo
"no pressure someone always wide open

feelsbadman"
Deshaun Watson showing Steelers fan's he's arguably a top 5 QB in the league.
I....was led to believe this defense was top 5???
Steven Nelson looks exactly like Artie Burns man. What is happening?
Ravens game is gonna be something
What happened to TJ Watt?
bill is 37-3 when they lead at the half? jesus christ.
Why do we continue to use prevent defense with so much time on the clock?
Trying to stay optimistic about this cause we're only down 4 points but what the fuck happened to the D? they were genuinely elite last year and now its like shades of 2015/2016 with this secondary
2 terrible calls in a row lol
Villanueva is so trash
Conner sucks ugh
Oh look another mistake by #78
BOSGOD
Ben is hitting these dudes in the hands.
Turnover incoming I feel it
[deleted]
JUGS machine for Washington and Conner. 4 star high schoolers would have caught those.
"I still think we win, but we are playing like shit."
INSERT SOME SORT OF SWITZER COMMENT
Draw on second and 19 as if we’re playing Madden against an 8 year old
I think it’s time for Minkah to pick 6 now
Is TJ hurt or just taking some plays off?
I CALLED IT
"Run 2 yards
Run 5 yards
Pass that’s someone drops comming up"
Why can’t James consistently run hard like this? I swear some games a gust of wind rolls through the stadium and he goes down.
Rather see Conner back there in this situation
"I would've loved for Claypool to just go down after getting the first down, but the rookie will learn."
"This is the most Pittsburgh shit ever.

No injuries, 2 weeks of getting it figured out, an opponent that is weak on offense, and we look like we walked outta bed outside of JuJu back flipping for 1sts."
99.9% of people don’t understand football in this sub. You do realize that one touchdown doesn’t mean the season is over and that our defense is garbage.
"Quit panicking yinz. We always start slow, we got this."
well...we finally face a decent team and we get exposed. Not surprised ig
the refs allowing deshaun to extend plays while they hold watt inches from a sack is infuriating.
[deleted]
"Wake the fuck up Renegades, we've got a game win."
Hello from California! Let's get this win Steeler Nation <3
"Here we go, Steelers, here we go! The standard is the standard and things of that nature."
WATSON FINNA GET EXPOSED
Derek pancakes JJ on Power G and Conner scores a TD....calling it now.
I don’t normally gamble on the Steelers because they are too damn flukey. But I like the 3.5 spread in this game. I think they take it by at least 7.
Finally some Ian Eagle in my life.
Anybody got a stream going of the game?
"I benched David Johnson in fantasy, don't make me regret it."
I really have been looking forward to this game in particular just because of what it would mean to win this
"Steelers now, Heat later! Let’s ride"
So Watt's going on today?
I dont know why I\`m so nervous
I worry about Watson surviving the day. We already broke one quarterback.
Good stop. Let's goo
"Who wants to keep count on how many times the watt brothers are mentioned, I feel like a lot already"
Three and out baby!!
Ayy no post punt commercial
Juju strong af
What the fuck we didn't run it?
ATTA WAY TO STRETCH JUJU
Wow. Juju
"Juju, I love you dude"
we need to keep juju please
JuJu a fucking beast.
Conner getting some yards early. Yes
Aight conner I see you
"JuJu with the field awareness, knew where the line was and got it"
We get to play with Conner this week? I dig it.
Wow he is fast
Derek vs JJ on that McFarland run
James Conner showing some real patience there
Ben looking crisp.
ONE damn yard
"Coulve been a TD but ill take it, offense moving well"
So fucking underwhelming
We were charging down the field. I think we should have went for it there.
Go for it
[deleted]
TJ strong
What insightful commentary
Williams on Cooks...
"""over cooked"" lol"
Jesus Christ
We needed to get more pressure on that drive.
The Texans o-line is doing a lot better than I thought they would be.
Alright Hilton shake it off
Gotta step it up Steelers
"Man after the second half last and week and now this game, our secondary really isn’t that great anymore huh?"
"Imagine giving it to Jaylen Samuels on 3rd and 1 and expecting results, great call Randy..."
Houston is desperate for a win can’t underestimate the danger of a desperate team
Defense needs to figure a way to defend the quick passing game. We'll be seeing it all season
"We gotta score on this possession.

The one curse with being a dominant run defense, is that they’re just going to throw the ball every play.  Doable in 05’.  Not 2020."
"This secondary is night and day compared to last season, idk what the fuck Butler changed but put it back the way it was.... NOW!"
"To you idiots blaming Minkah, what the fuck are you talking about?! He’s not even getting targeted."
I'm fine with us taking the first quarter to figure shit out on defense and offense. Give up the TD and that's fine. Just learn from it.
Something does seem different with the defensive scheme
"If there’s no pressure this game is over. Watson will pick them apart, especially if Haden continues to dog it and they keep targeting Bush/Edmonds/Hilton"
Now would be a good time to put it together in the secondary
"3rd and medium..goody

Can't wait for a run play"
Man Randy let's call some better plays for fuck sakes.
"Bruh, run run pass?"
Beautiful
A+ playcalling as ususal
Now we get to play from behind woohoo. Step the fuck up defense.
It's going to be one of those games
We should try a bubble screen
Lets see if our defense can redeem itself
We need to get the momentum back. Big time.
I’m really surprised Ben hung onto that ball. Took a shot on the arm with only one hand on it
We cannot be scared of 4th and 1 inside the 20 bro. Settling for 3 is gonna haunt us if we can’t figure it out on defense
Bince!
First quarter has not been great. We better get our shit together soon
BINCE
the Texans look like the steelers and the steelers look like the texans 🤨
"Me: *Googles take-out near me*

Google: Taco Bell? McDonalds? Wendys? Church's? Burger King? Subway? Oliver Garden?"
"Why in fucks sake did we change our offensive play calling from first to second drive. It was obviously working. Fuck this coaching staff, damn."
🅱️ince
Defense woke up after that last drive
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU SEND EXTRA RUSHERS AT HIM
Ok. Now Minkah go get that ball
Hilton Fuckin flying
"It took us a long time to get to Watson on first down.

I'm not upset but it just feels like he has forever to throw"
My Cousin Vinny with the sack attack!
Mike Hilton!!
I fear third and long.
Fair catch at the 4???
Back to back plays for a loss? That's my defense!
Just let it roll out
Gud jahb gud jahb
Jeez Diontae thinks way too much on punt returns
Godamnit diontae
WHY CATCH THAT?!?!? Our special teams is straight ass.
Does diontae smoke blunts before the game? Love him but that was questionable af
Godamnit diontae
3 weeks in a row where Johnson fucks up on a punt return?
IN THE COCK
DJ what the fuck was that! Cmon man
[deleted]
"The D hasn’t been amazing to start they year but I think they will get better throughout the season. The one thing I’ve been really pleased about though, is tackling. Our tackling this year compared to years past is exponentially better."
Reddit is really dragging along for me
looks like Ola went down there
Ah yes the goal line bomb
This offense looks ill in these last 6 or so quarters. Like they luck into nice plays and drives.
WHAT. THE. FUCK. IS HAPPENING
"Short run deep miss deep miss, this game is over"
Lets go back to that first drive..
Jesus christ why?!
Dial it back a bit there Fit Ben.
Who is Ben passing to? 3 guys coverage
DAYUM!
Holy shit
Alright boys this is definitely 2008 2.0
This offensive play calling is maddening.
His name is Vince Williams
BINCE is nasty
Need a TO
Helpless secondary
This secondary . . .
"Losing to a team whose coach is like the owner, gm, janitor, and head coach"
OMFG
Minkah and Nelson are not impressing me today.
Our secondary is getting exposed by a good qb. Gonna be a long season
We legit just sit in zone and wait what a joke
This zone we’re playing is soooooft
What is up with our secondary playing so loose?
Man.. this secondary is the weak link
Ooh man that was a tremendous play call. Right in between Minkah’s 3rd and Nelson’s 3rd.
Holding used to be called too annoyingly now they don’t call it at all when it’s blatantly obvious
"He got BUSHED!



YYYEEEEEAAAAHHHH"
Yeah this defense is overrated.
Are we still selling out to stop the run?
Hahahahahaha what a joke
Imagine seeing our secondary play like this and still ever trying a run play. How fucking bad are O’Brien and the Texans OC to even try it?
They should try letting teams think they can run. Secondary can't handle the work load.
Bush playing better pass D than the secondary
"Our secondary just taking the first half off, huh?"
Cam and Tuitt need to push up the middle
That's a big one for bush because that was IN that guys hands
P a i n
This defense has no heart I swear
Easy completion on a scramble? Figured
Fml
hm! didn’t like that!
Bruh... this sucks
Holy fucking shit make a play
"Honeymoon's over, boys.  Time to get to work and not make this a trap game."
One thing I don't love about our DBs is how much off coverage we play. I would love to see some more press.
🤷🏻‍♂️
"So how's the offense gonna respond? 2 runs out if shotgun and a deep ball that falls incomplete. 3 and out, probably."
We need this to get some damn motivation. Getting our ass handed to us
"Tomlin's team as ""unbuttoned"" as ever."
Fucking sitting in zone just letting WR's get set up and waiting for the throw from Watson
SO our defense isn't showing up and we cant run a offense who do I blame for this? The coordinators?
"Why do we always need these ""wake up"" games where we get lambasted and then collectively go ""oh shit we need to do *this*"""
This could get ugly quick
"This is embarrassing, but pretty ball is being played by the Texans today.."
"If we don’t score this drive, then I’ll start to worry slightly. We gotta answer"
"Ok guys, its 1st and 10. Lets do this thing called a screen play, those always end with a lot of yards."
"Really need this secondary to wake up man. Nelson Haden and Minkah will be the downfall of this defense, this team."
NICE BLOCKING AND RUN NEWBIE
Omg offense why cant you just not disappoint our defense.
I said it over and over again last week. Now do you believe me? This defense is too dependent on turnovers. Their scheme isn’t up to snuff.
Ring the bell
That deserved to be picked
Yikes I almost thought it was picked...good play vance
Get McFarland in open space and we in business
Our secondary communication seems to be very off. People completely blowing assignments. Vince Williams lining up across from Cooks. My hope is communication can be fixed and hopefully we can shut things down in the second half.
I feel like we are so much better when playing man. Whenever we play zone it feels like someone blows their assignment and they have someone wide open... Any thoughts on that?
Meatballs are ready lets fuckin go
Look at that! Ebron caught one!
Like that play call! Thats what you should do on 3rd and 1. Great 3rd effort by Snell
TRICK PLAY
Pancake for #7
Dionte hurt
Well executed reverse
SHADES OF COWER
dj was slow getting up
There ya go Ebron!
Say Go DJ! That's my DJ
Got to score here
how did we not get that
"Come on, punch it in baby"
Ebron runs like he is made out of clay.
Where is jujuuuu
Good thing there's no fans there to boo right now
Sneak it
Ben run 1 yard lol
Get chase in there
"Okay am I high or was that grounding

Edit: it was"
fuckin mint
Ebron or claypool
Let’s gooooooo!!!!!
Ebron!!!!
ugly
HOLY FUCK
Follow the fullback not Ebron
What a catch
Fuck off
FUCK YA
THERE YOU GO
Does Vance look lost to anyone else? I'm pretty sure he was supposed to leak out to the end zone on that play
EBRON WITH THE BIG BOY GRAB
good shit ebron
LeBron without the L!
Heeeeeeeeeeeeath
Dam what a catch !!!!!!
"Holy shit, they fuckin did it"
Thank you big E!!!!
Let's fucking go
HANDS
That was a pretty solid drive.
How will the defense respond?
Ebron szn
Ebron you sexy man
YES SIRRR
Damn. Great toss by Ben
Do your thing defense
Okay time for the front 7 to make a splash play to bail out the secondary and get our offense back out there while they're still clicking.
Fire sale on that sack
Dam I thought that ball was coming out
"Good stop, boys."
Great stand by the D. Let's close this deficit
Nice stop. Let’s do the double dip with the half.
TEEEE JAYYYYYYYYY
good starting field position come on bois
Ray ray is so good
there we gooo blitzburgh
Tackled by moron special teams? That seems harsh.
Okay offense let's get it done again and take the lead before the half so we get the ball back in the second half. Fucking scorched Earth on these Texan bastards.
"A bit late, but I love Ebron, and I am so happy seeing him score. Looked just like my Madden fantasy team."
2 minute ben drive plz
Good catch Juju
"Look I don't get paid shit to football, but if I was on offense and I ran on first down, unless I got at least 6 yards I would not run it again on second down. I'd rather run short crosses, out routes, hitches whatever quick passes to get a first down instead of run again and get stuffed."
Reminder to everyone that overreacted abotu 10 gametime minuets ago (myself included)... we get the ball to start the 2nd half
Nice
JUJU BAYBE
TD JUJU
JUJU MUTHAFUCKA
YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
Big Ben FOR LIFE
Washington James Washington 7 foot 20 Washington.
That was a beautiful drive!
Let’s. Fucking. Go baby
So that just happened.
"That was beautiful, now let's get out of this half and do it all over again at the top of the second."
There we go!!! Juju with the walk in is always beautiful
thats an odd zone
PLAYING LIKE WE HAVE SOMETHING TO LOSE NOW LETS KEEP IT UPPPP
"I was mad early, now im happy"
Just let Ben be Ben
Now we are having fun ☀️
Everything tightening up. Looking strong. Here we go.
Ben is warming up
Voodoo Juju 🧙🏼‍♀️ it’s spooky!
Steelers started 1-4 on third down but converted their last three
Juju just Hoovering TDs
Edmunds is our best tackles
"""Big Ben is feeding his Tight-End""

Niceeee."
Claypool has consistently been wide open but Ben isn't looking his way.
"Will be give up a garbage FG, I bet we dooooo"
"Secondary, plz."
This secondary is just...
This zone is getting picked apart
If the defense got a turnover I would be soooo happy.
Tighten up defense
really edmunds? really?
Why the duck was Aikens wide open there? Good lord man..
kinda wish we didn't score too fast but i mean...
edmunds has not progressed in coverage since he got here.
Maybe they will get a TD.... then I’ll panic
Hilton is getting cooked this game
Sack right here is huge
Half the damn team was open
Hahahahahahahah Hahahahah
That was not ideal.
Yeesh... just bend over for them
That was just so easy
Secondary. What are you doing?
can we score in 25 seconds? :O
FIRE DAMNY SMITH
Nelson exposed
we cannot defend the pass. period. edmunds is trash in coverage. our entire secondary has been getting owned this year.
"So yeah, at a certain point it's not the talent. It's the scheme and the coaching. Needs to change ASAP."
This defense gives me 2016 vibes
"Watson to comfortable out there man, gotta get some pressure"
Does anyone have a livestream link?
Washington is making Cleveland look like playoff contenders
is halftime over yet? wtf feels like ages
Guys if we can make it 2 quarters more without a turn over we wont have to be reminded of that one ugly stat every game
3 bubble screens! Do it you cowards?
Hey! You! Get off of McCloud!!
ZERO holding penalties on opposing offenses this year
Like what I’m seeing from McFarland so far for the most part.
That spot...
I really like this McFarland kid
"I’m liking what I’m seeing from McFarland tonight

Although maybe let’s not send our rapid but pretty small RB straight up the middle"
"God dammit.


When is the last time we converted 3rd and inches. Fuck"
That NFL bite website is a fucking disaster. It just opens a fuck load of tabs. I really wish this free shit would improve the formats.
"There we go!


Alright Conner"
Really?  Seriously?  Our speed back on a half yard play
"what the fuck was that spot, that was a first down"
"Washington is just a lunchpale receiver.

Hard worker, strong hands."
"Shit, non contact just fell."
These deep balls yeesh
Is that Houston's 2nd hurt Dback this game?  Come on... have to be able to light them up now
That’s a TD if Ben stops overthrowing
"No more deep throws for you, Ben. That’s what, 4, that were war far over thrown?"
DB’s always pulling their hammy when they get beat deep
he got it!
Big Ben with the burners.
gonna be interesting this see this offense 8-10 games from now. i dont feel like they are clicking quite yet cause of the offseason and bens surgery. the best is yet to come.
DJ is out
That’s a first
It's pretty obvious he got that
Looks like a bad spot. They rarely change it though
Sick fuckin spot
whats taking so long wtf lol
So we ordered Sharkeys (Latrobe PA) and my fiancé got a typical burgers with all the goodies. They brought me a fucking burger with 2 grilled cheese sandwiches as the buns and no toppings. I’m irate
Omfg
Ben “fast Willy Parker” Roethlisberger
"Fuck these refs, 0 opposing holding calls all season too"
You’re fucking kidding
Robbed
Ben is the best RB in the league
Are you fucking kidding me
Bullshit
Ummmm are we going to talk about how that bomb to Washington was COMPLETELY catchable???
WTF?  That seemed pretty definitive.
What a terrible ref crew
"How tf, look at the ball when his knee was down"
How do they still fuck that up after the review
that was easily a first down
That's clearly a 1st down. Fucking refs
This is a fucking joke
Bullshit
Thanks Chase Claypool way to sell that
That's BS
Horseshit
Refs forgot to use their eyeballs today
Trash. Straight trash
That was a shit call
We finally get a call! Good job claypool
Lmao fuck these refs
Not even going to spot it more...wtf
Wow thats bullshit but thats the most normal thing in 2020 so I’ll take it lol
Had ebron wide open but ill take that makeup call
"""Call stands"" or ""Yes, that spot was terrible but we won't overturn that shit""."
How the fuck do you not overturn that call? That's absolute trash.
"Ok refs, refs OK..."
THE BALL WAS THERE REGARDLESS OF HIS KNEE
Rigged
WHAT?!?!
"BULLSHIT!

Jesse caught that ball 2! Electric bugaboo!"
Joe flacco play
LETS GO
Randy Fichtner getting bailed out big time today
I’m glad we got the pass interference call but wasn’t there someone wide open at the bottom of the screen?
Makeup call??
Alberto Riverton fucking things up again
They will not admit the spot mistake
"YEAH, PAY UP"
Ball don't lie?
Awfulw playcall but geez
That's not a bad challenge stop crucifying tomlin
Fuck these refs
Wtf
Make up for the make up call
Two shitty calls...but not complaining
Make up call lol
L O L
Nice Makeup Call
"I don’t get makeup calls, just call it right the first time???"
We’re only getting 3 huh....
We need to catch some balls    😡
Honestly that’s the second time he could’ve been called for that
Shut up refs I’m tired now
That play call lmao
Johnson and Watt ruled out
Ben! What the fuck was that rocket?!
Why can’t we catch?
Well its only 2 Watt’s playing now
Gotta catch that
Bruh
BOZGAWD
Why did Ben throw that?
someone catch the fucking ball.
"this drive really doesn't matter that much.

either the D steps up in the second half or we lose. it's that simple."
So do we know if TJ is hurt?
Defense needs a turn over. C'mon guys
A THREE AND OUT
Ray Ray McDonald
C’mon get off the field here
A stop 🤔
God damn!!
Did he not call fair catch??
Did we just get help from STs? What is this voodoo
"Ray Ray is Mr. Excitement, the last few years have been Dredd."
Ray ray got that off spray applied
Can’t wait for Ray Ray to bust one.  He looks soooooo close to breaking out for a TD every time.
Good job blocking
Our special teams is so much better than the last few years. Mr. Big Wad getting the most out of these players
No one cares about the border wall
Ben needs to be better at throwing the ball away holy shit
Time to punt
Well at least he caught 8t
Ugly
"How's the border wall going? I know I can't really comment on American politics at the moment (being a Brit) but come on, how silly"
Is it fake time?
It would be nice if the receivers ran to the sticks and then committed to their routes but oh well.
2nd and fucking NINETEEN. WHAT IS THAT PLAY CALL
Go for it.
Or they let us do the Steelers thing where we blow the game. Either one works.
How is cbs still in business? They’re like the blockbuster of television.
We need a great splash play from the defense
I am ready for a turnover
Time for a quick INT
Would rather take a screen or a quick concept on 2nd and length of the universe instead of a run.
HAVE to force a turnover here or we ain't stopping them
HOW IS THAT NOT HOLDING AGAINST WATT
DO IT TUITT
Do it Tuitt
Nice!!!
COME ON RAY RAY!!!!!
LETS DO IT TUITT!!!!
There he is!!!
"Great field position, WE NEED 7"
You thought you could escape Tuitt?! You thought wrong mother fucker!!
Gotta say... Houston has some great player names... a punter named Anger and a LB named Merciless.
How about play action on first down?
Did the Texans just swap us punters?
I miss having receivers who caught the ball
So ya’ll gonna blame Ben some more?
oh FFS
Love it when ben pumps out the camera lmao
Of course we get a 3 & out
No. More. Big throws BEN! Start pulling a Brady and just get yards.
No one can hold onto the ball today :(
I feel like every weapon is getting a drive instead of spreading it around.
Bruhhh what
BLOCK IN THE BACK WE’RE GETTING FUCKIN PIPED HERE
Thang god BoB is horrible
So easy for him to get quick completions
I liked that Coor's commercial 😂
Always open...
WHO THE FUCK BLEW THAT ASSIGNMENT??
He was past the line of scrimmage.
"Third and 10, fuck."
Fucking garbage zone
Wow great play by Watt
Fuckkkkk our secondary is a bag of ass
Watt blew that shit up!
It would  be nice to see minkah make a big play
"Bad defense today. Looks like scheme more than effort, don’t see anyone loafing out there."
LETS GOOO
Hilton!!!
Finally a pick
There she is
LETS GO MIKEYYYY
Nice!
THERE IT IS
Finally.
Pls offense
PICKED LETS GO
Watson’s head slammed so hard on the ground
Wtf are these commercials
Defense has stepped up big time second half. Offense needs to score now
No blockers over there and you're gonna screen huh? Fuckin joke of a Play call
Man I should have started Ebron today in fantasy
I am enjoying the play of this Ebron fellow
Let Ben call his own plays
Ebronhaving himself a game!
Atta boy Connor
Good run after contact Conner
"Sorry to ask, any streams for the game?"
Man Ebron has been great for us this game
Connor looked like he got hurt there
uh oh texans D. A little exhausted are we?
I’m getting shades of Xavier Grimble from Ebron. But in a good way
BennyBall
"Conner looks so slow when he gets the ball, no explosiveness"
What in the hell was that throw?
Fuck Big Ben with the over throws today damn.
BIG TRAIN VANCE 🚂
I guess Ben's repaired arm is stronger than his injured arm :)
Just me that thinks JC is afraid of putting his head down and earning a yard or two..?
Connor needs to learn to put his head down when he’s only got a couple yards left
I'm gonna call that a Health Miller special to Vance... because I just miss Heath today
Vance getting up from the knee was hilarious
Texans are gassed....pound the rock
I get sick to my damn stomach seeing Conner miss first downs because he hesitates :( Thats two times this drive I feel like he misread and missed a first down cause of it.
Vance just trucked that dude. I like it.
TOUCHDOWN
TD Conner
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS FUCKING GO
Way to punch that shit in!!
😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
Fuck yeah holy shit
FUCK YEAH
[Let's Go D!](https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc)
Let's goooo baby!!! 🔥🔥
LETS GOO
"Whew juju made that close, hope they don't review it. Nice job though!"
"Alright boyssss time the pull out the ol' ""the same shit that happened at the end of the first half"" and then get the ball last and win it on a Boswell field goal. Woo hoo!!"
DPOY ALERT
BIG SACK
WATT
holy shit tj
Jesus Tj is a fucking animal
TJ WATTT YESSSSSS
WATTTTTT!!
TJ WATTTTTTTTTTT
Watt has some magic too!
1.21 TJ WATTS!!
PUMP THAT SHIT DIRECTLY INTO MY VEINSSS!!!!! TJJJJJJ
Let's gooooo!!
MY MAN LETS GO
Well one good thing about starting so slow all the time is we are a very good 4th quarter running team.
TJ WATT YOU FUCKING MONSTER I LOVE YOU!!
OHHHH A PICK THERE WOULDA BEEN SICK
TJ is looking so much better than his brothers.
We played Renegade in our house
He's gonna be seeing TJ in his sleep
Watt looks amped.
Man TJ what a freaking beast
LETS. FUCKING. GO.
Another tipped pass
Our D showed up! Here we go!!!
✊🏻
"Steelers defense is sorta good, who knew?"
Remember when JJ was the highest paid player? I guess it's going to be TJs turn...
I bet they’re missing the crowd now
Time for Haden to get a PI or a pick.
Time to wrap this baby up.
GOOOOOD STOP
my house is currently flooded from the amount of stress sweat ive got goin
Conner time
I guess if I was going to pick what quarter we play best in 4th is a good choice but it is the most nerve wracking way to play.
Can we not do that thing where we try and run time off the clock and just go for points to end the game.
Plz don’t keep them in the game... plz... I can see what’s coming but plz prove me wrong
alright JC
Time of possession is wearing them out
"Incredible 2nd half by the D. Let's burn some clock, get at least 3 and take it to next week!"
Well I would LOVE Connor to go down inbounds to eat up clock... but a 1st an not really hit is never bad for him and his health.
LOOK AT DEM BLOCKS BOYS
That's a great start by James
This Texans defense is gassed.
"Nice run. Wish he would have stayed inside of Washington and in bounds, but still a nice run."
Great run. Stay in fucking bounds.
Finish them!!!
Mc's block taking two players down..lol
wE dOnT mAkE 2Nd HaLf AdJuStMeNtS
Go for it
"Stupid question here, but why not handoff to Vance McDonald in these 4th and short situations?"
Go for it
YESSSS FUCK YESSSSS
"Ball.



Game."
Would’ve been the longest fg in Heinz history good decision to go for it
Go for it? Yikes I don’t like the position.
Honestly a tough choice here.
THANK GOD
Aha now that’s what I’m freaking talking about
Eat that clock and keep driving Steelers!
Great playcall I’m loving that
Bit of a risky call there.  I love it.
"I'm not a NFL coach but I'd take the 2 minute warning instead, timeouts are too useful"
Claypool!
JESUS dude my heart
WHEW
Didn't go into the end zone
Jesus tapdancing Christ... the 1st was more than enough.  But putting it to the 1 is money
Holy shit that was close
What a play call
That could have been disaster.
My.  Goodness!
What the fuck did charles davis just say lmao
Sooooo close to a touch back
WHEW
You like that?!?!!
Ball game
My opponent has Watson. Please kneel three times
"Great second half, man. Way to adjust."
How did Buffalo blow it
3-0
3-0
WE DID IT
Wow good stuff fam
3-0 baby!!!
"Hell of a game, much love all <3"
This secondary and Keith Butler about to get exposed. ...This is going to be painful to watch.
We’re about to get blown out
Our secondary is so fucking trash
I will die on the Switzer hill no matter what. Consistency>>>>>explosive plays
Fichtner has to go
How can you invest so much in a defense and still have it suck so bad
Gave up 21 points in a half to a team that doesn’t have any legit title aspirations based on their defense and O line. What a god awful half of football by then against an inferior opponent at home.
Why can't we just stick to the script and *win* when we're supposed to blow teams out of the water? Every game has to be a heart attack nail biter and i won't even be able to watch the end cuz i work on sundays. Just *ONCE* I'd like to leave with a comfortable lead and have it stay that way
Where are all the people saying earlier our defense is trash and James Connor sucks?
James Connor needs to go
"Hey I expected a 3 and out, ill take 3"
Bruh why the fuck is Williams covering Cooks
Defense picking up right where they left off last week.
The blitz isn’t hitting and our dbs can’t keep up. It’s going to be a long day playing a real qb.
If you get the ball past the line of scrimmage against us we are fucked lmao
Run run pass?
Love seeing yinzers absolutely lose their shit over seeing a football team run the ball twice in a row
Ben just got PLOWWWEDDD
Anyone miss Switz.
Holy shit I'm concerned all of a sudden. Ben is making wtf decisions.
[deleted]
Still early
Is minkah gonna do anything this season or nah
Hmmmm our O line not rushing to help conner might say something...
I don’t like conners running. He’s soft and weak. Glad they are mixing it up with the backs.
How does Connor not make those yards?
"Nice, great way to end the drive with a single play call"
What... that is NOT intentional grounding!   Through the endzone was always permitted????
Pleeeeeease O. Please get us some points before halftime. We need to carry this momentum.
Oh there you are Run Run Pass...
Run run pass
Run run pass
"Fuckin whiners and haters where you at

Crawl back into your holes"
Minkah has not looked great so far. This is like the third time I’ve seen him in the area of the catch not making a play
Nelson didnt even try!!!!!!!!
Nelson got Bitched
Jesus Christ. Like a knife through butter
Wtf happened to our secondary
Breath guys. It’s the September Steelers.
"Here comes a 80+ touchdown pass to JuJu or Claypool.

Please?"
"Steeler's D is honestly playing like they all bet on the Texan's today. Enough to ""look"" like they're playing hard, but hardly playing."
"watson is 14/18 for 202 yards and 2 tds.   
ben is 11/18 for 128 yards and 2 tds.   


ooof. 3 more completions and nearly 70 more yards."
Thats two shit calls if I ever saw some... That was more OPI than DPI.
Gotta hit the jugs machine this week. Fuck
easy td if they could catch the damn balls
CATCH THE BALL
Her jersey should be 2/3rds steelers lol.
"Great stop, let's go."
Texans offensive coordinator taking a page from Steelers.
"Texans stealing our offense! Run, run, pass"
"This Dan Fouts replacement, Charles Davis, sucks.  He's interjecting so many assumptions and arguments based on personal feelings rather than valid premises that's it's hard to listen to him.  Just call the F'ng game, stop trying to push your feelings of the matters.  Still better than Fouts though, and 1000x better than Simms."
Run on 2nd and 19 nice
2nd and 19 run? The fuck?
I like the running call as a surprise but what idiot goes for 19 through the center??
Maybe someday we’ll draft a punter that doesn’t suck
"Colquitt stinks, officially"
Turnover time for our D.  I’m feeling it!
Not winning this game without a defensive score.  Here We Go
Bleh... don't throw that high and thats an easy first down Ben
Wasn't TikTok banned by Trump?  Why are we still getting commericals for it?
"I kinda hate seeing knees within 5 yards of the endzone... but take the win, don't risk shit.   Still bleh"
"now. trade edmunds. for someone who can cover people. maybe bob woodward.  


and get watt on this team."
Glad for the result but why even call the second down play? You're on the one yard line. Just power it in.
"You guys are so whiny and negative... ffs.

Put your phones down and watch the game."
Fuck Randy Fichtner
Conner is so mediocre
Can we get a coach that makes it FUCKING EASY for once.
Hey you may not want to hear this but the defense got lucky last year that they played so many bad QBs. The secondary always sucked
The Texans are going to score 40 points in this game.
Nelson and Minkah have regressed significantly this season
Our pass defense is overrated
tj is out
[deleted]
Ben will definitely blame Washington for that
YoU jUsT kNoW hOuStOn Is GoNnA sCoRe HeRe!
Wtf was that dogshit punt? I could do better than that
[deleted]
Ben + White tight ends = BFFs
This ones over early. Steelers aren’t as good as we thought.
the second quarter literally just started can you guys calm down
remember that one guy we got i think his name is Fitzpatrick
[deleted]
Sucks the Texans already won though
"""We are going to lose, our play calling is so bad."" DOES YOUR PUSSY HURT? WAKE TF UP STEELERS NATION!"
What's the surrender index on that kneel. Coward shit.
Kick the FG definitely
Imagine if we had a good play caller.
why do steelers still have this dumbass as our offense coordinator
"So far we've seen Connor, Jaylen, and McFarland at RB. I am liking them mixing it up"
Praise be to Bosgod. He’s still a killer B in my eyes.
"Fuuuuuudge.


Except I didn't say fudge"
uh oh stinky
Mike Hilton is only good as a tiny linebacker
Defense feelin' themselves to much??
One touchdown and everyone loses their minds lol plenty of time to get a dub so chill
"Vince Williams, Terrell Edmunds, and Mike Hilton are liabilities only coverage. Sutton needs more playing time on obvious passing downs or the defense won’t be good enough."
"Idc how good this team is, our coordinators need to go."
People are still blaming Minkah for that TD. I can’t imagine being that stupid
BINCEEEEE
Who's hurt? What happened to his cock and balls
Idk why our guys aren't getting calls so fsr
Didn't someone question Ben's arm strength during the week?  It was like he needed to show it off
Feel like the offense is just too dependent on our defense. We have some of the shittiest gameplan in the league.
BEN WTF
It’s going to be a loooong afternoon.
HE WAS WIDE FUCKING OPEN HOW DOES BITCH BOY BUTLER HAVE A JOB
Just run prevent defense if you're going to stand 10 yards off of all receivers
Watson is unreal
"This team feels typical. 

We will be slow to get hot. But get hot a lil to late and miss the playoffs. 

Every year. Rinse and repeat."
We're relying so hard on the blitz it's a joke
"Face a good QB, get exposed. Baltimore or KC would absolutely thrash us"
"Hard to cover guys in a zone for 5 seconds against a mobile QB.

Looked like Minkah/Bush(?) lost Fuller in on of their zones when Deshaun took off. Have to respect him running toward the LOS.

Just a tough spot there."
Are we finally waking up?
QB sneak coming up.
Omfg intentional grounding
"God Damn, 1 yard guys"
Can’t score from 1 yard out
FUCK YOU REFS
"Jesus. Okay, maybe the playcalling suspect"
TAKE IT ALL BACK LOSERS
"I’d like to see them go for the kill here vs running the clock out cause we get the ball in the second half.

Somebody needs to throw out the 1970s nfl offensive playbook they keep using. Seriously, let Ben run go hurry up here and take the lead now and then come out in the second and keep fucking piling on."
You guys were throwing in the towel 15 minutes ago. Let’s go baby
Our defense is fucking buns today
This is fucking pathetic defence
Nelson is baby shit soft
Embarrassing.  Simply embarrassing. They have the answers to our blitzing.
Steven Nelson sucks
Well that was pathetic.
Watson is just better than the defense. He just looks like an elite player. Would be even better if the clowns didn’t get rid of his best weapon.
What happened to them not being able to stop our pass rush...
couldn't even keep the lead musth less keep it to a tie game
how’d i just know this shit was going to happen today? the more things change..
They will never overturn this. Terrible spot nonetheless.
What a waste of a five minute drive
Worst offensive play caller in the league... Randy should go somewhere
Defense needs to make some stops. I don't think we win in a pure shootout.
2 fgs from the red zone is why we lose this game. Texans offense has our defense figured out and we can take 3s when they’re getting 7s
Really want a turnover here
Great stop. Now let’s not settle for a FG and get that TD
Feiler has been so bad this year inside. As far as I'm concerned put in Dotson lol
Okay see sacks like that I don't like.
Should have gone for it
Shitty punt
"SHIT ON MY DICK, FUCK"
MINKAH!!!!
We give up a lot of first downs on third and long
Ben has looked great this game.
Ben is still rusty.
[deleted]
Oh no we suck again
Bring back fucking Todd Haley. Dude was ass but holy shit his replacement is 10000x worse
But what name is on Al’s helmet?????
"“ThE dEfEnSe IsN’t As GoOd As LaSt YeAr!!!1”
- some random redditor with terrible football takes."
BRING BACK SWITZER
I mean this had trap game written all over it. Texans are desperate at 0-2 and let's be real with the way our offense plays we'd be 0-2 if it wasn't for us playing trash teams.
Hot take. Our defense looks like steaming garbage and I am sad.
"Who’s ready for the inevitable 3 and out to start the second half? Run-run-pass, baby."
Ben is looking extremely inaccurate.
"Fuck man, we’re never getting the lead back are we"
WE SHOULD HAVE KICKED A FIELD GOAL AND GONE FOR 3 AFTER THE TD
"Dude why the fuck is the coaching staff so incompetent on this team. Special teams is ass, play calling is ass"
For everyone who was talking shit after our defensive drive saying “if you think the defense regressed you don’t know football” it’s time to wake up. If you can’t notice even from the first 2 weeks that this defense has regressed then you’re lying to yourself. The hope is that the offense can be good and help compensate but that’s tbd.
In the very back end recesses of my mind I kinda figured our secondary was overrated. Lots of tip picks last year and lucky plays. This sucks.
Ben struggling today sailing balls.
What an upgrade to our punter /s
If only we had coaches who knew when to throw a challenge...
its like some of yall just watch the game so you can come bitch on reddit. getting so old
Ok boys. LFG.
"Going against the Steelers D in fantasy.  d'oh.

I'll take a Steelers win over a fantasy win anyday."
would anyone be so kind as to PM me link?
"First test of the season, let’s goooo"
Anyone got a stream?
Is there a way to watch or listen on a phone? I'm having to go and do shit with my baby momma today.
HERE WE GO!!!!
TJ...meet Desean
Here we go boys
Hi guys
TJ was unguarded on that play
"Don't let up on the pressure, boys!"
"TJ getting in there early to say hi to Watson.

We're gonna kill Watson today."
Strong three and out
Wow we didn't fuck up a ST play
That’s a really bold blocking scheme Houston.
MIKE HILTON IS SO GOOD
RIP Webster
Let’s maybe go under center
I want a touchdown this first drive. It’s about time we do that.
Ben has missed on his first two throws. First was too soft and second he missed an open Ebron.
Come on Ebron :/
Ahhh Ben. Make that throw
HELL YA
What in the fuck was that jump lmao
Jujuuu
Great finish there
Ben got blasted
Damnit ebron
Almost a fantastic catch. Almost.
We're looking goooooood fellas
"Yea, you can tell JuJu put some weight on in the offseason lmao"
Ebron bruh
Haha Ebron nice Mongrief impression....
Well I’m glad I benched Ebron in fantasy
Good run JC glad we got 66 back
Watch...I'm gonna throw it over that mountain
Damn he had em
Juju has the heart
"god bless it none of my usual streaming sites are working, usual go to sportsurge.net and 6stream.xyz

anybody got a good stream they can link me???"
Not on tv here :(
good call on that one
Any good streams for the game?
I guess Hawkins is our new Banner?
It's BOZGAWD TIME!!
Needed the shovel pass
Not going for it is peak clownery
BosGod
Ugh
God. Damnit.
"Don't worry, guys, we're gonna respond with a bomb to Chase Claypool"
we got the pat's punts boost curse ppl this was expected
got diced up on the drive
Streams?
"It’s called making an adjustment. Secondary slipped, but we can adjust."
Minkah was in no mans land on that TD
Omg
Great job O Line!
Surprised there has been zero holding calls
Villanueva is fucking trash
Hilton is a beast.
We’re back
"Wow.  People think running twice in a row is some terrible call.  It's pretty normal, especially when we get 5 yards on first down.

Yeesh."
"When it works it works, but my god when it doesn't we get torched lmao"
"Hilton with a great fucking tackle, wow!"
This team has so much potential that will be hamstrung all season by ol' Randy.
Ok. Let’s go.
Wtf
There you go Hilton pt. 2
Great stop by the defense.
Think ola got hit in the balls
Fair catch at the 4?
Our D didn’t give up a third and long let’s GOOOO
Diontae with his head up his ass again.
"Bud was going hard at him there, better get rid of it"
Pray for Vince balls
Gud jahb gud jahb D
Diontae what. The. Fuck.
I like Diontae but he's not the guy to return kicks.
"Big Ben 96 yard, 10+ min drive incoming."
So why did Diontae catch that one???
"Sweet, just need a 96 yard drive. fuckin' easy"
LET THAT GO
Hope he’s okay
CHASE CLAYPOOL SCUD INCOMING
Anyone know where there is a stream of this game?
"Clean it up, let's go"
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Big Ben doesn’t look great to start this one. Hopefully he gets in a groove soon.
Fuck me
Ah yes the goal line bomb... again
Interesting use of a timeout.
Screen on third anyone!?
Mountain passing
WHAT THE FUCK
Woof
Ummm.
Cool just throw it deep....
?????
. . .
WTF is this
not even second quarter yet
Holy christ man
How about high percentage pass plays to get a first dahn!!
Ben needed Clifford Franklin on that throw...(with Stickum)
Nice job defense
Our receivers cannot get open for shit
ben not looking gr8 today
"Another easy first down...this secondary is bad.

Where are the Minkah truthers"
Love you bince but you are a liability in coverage
Secondary looks confused
He didn’t even have to fucking move to get that open
Secondary gonna need a Sam's Club supply of cocoa butter for all these burns
Minkah been quiet this season - he needs a pick
UH OH BIG STINKY
Hey if we could cover a 3rd down play and not keep giving soft as fuck zone coverage... that'd be nice.
Bud getting handled....not good.
Watson is setting this defense on fire
This secondary gives me 2016 vibes
"he doesn't even have to make hard throws, guys are wide open"
don't you just love zone defense
"So we were in man on the first drive and zone on this most recent drive?

We just not getting d line pressure in the right area or what?  Texans line seems to be handling pressure well"
Finally Bush not getting burned in coverage
What the fuck is going on with the secondary?
Man we suck lol
Alualu is so good
Has minkah had one good play so far this season
"I don’t know if I’m behind or others are. But man, this is not the game I wanted. Where the fuck is Minkah?!"
What is Minkah doing
Somebody show Fitchner that you can do 5 straight passes
How are these receivers so open
Great job Bush!!
DEVIN BUSH! GO BLUE
Guess we see what defense we have when we play a competent quarterback
jwsus fuck
fuckin' ridiculous
LOL well
Fuck
Damnnnnnnnnnnitttttttt
Wow great start.
This is the way.
That’s just Watson being good
Rudy! Rudy!
"This Defense must focus on the media too much, letting all the praise get to their heads"
Alright time for the offense to show up!
Fucking pat mcafee
Secondary is getting ROASTED
i'd be disappointed if it wasn't so easy to predict this outcome. as soon as every media pundit jumps on us vs an inferior opponent you just know we're gonna go out and lay an egg
Heres comes the big play from BEN
If our front 7 is struggling to make big plays after big plays we'll have problems winning any game.
"Oof, slab up and respond boys."
[deleted]
"Not gonna call it quits on the season after 1 quarter by a real good quarterback, but it seems like the Steelers absolutely need to put points up on this drive to keep them into it."
"There’s way too many people claiming the Steelers suck cause of a bad couple drives... chill. It’s early in the 2nd, anything can happen"
Great play. What a call
The defense is defending the short field over and over. The offense needs to give them a break and keep the damn ball for more than 4 plays.
It’s only the first half people. We are a Houston turnover away from this being a different game
Come on you fuck nuts. Get your shit together.
Also no carries for Snell?
There you go AMC!!
Whew that was close
VEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
GREAT BLOCK by decastro
"What was with that yell?

""OooOOAAAhhh!!!"""
Connor is so average
Why do we suck on 3rd and short lol
Should have broken that tackle. Still great job
[deleted]
I do like this two tight end with claypool at WR set
"Okay Enron, keep catching the ball"
DJ doing his Grimble impression
again the double clutch
Just don't take a sack now
Really?
Fuck
OH YEAHHHH
Ebrooonn the monsterrr
Ebron!
Late penalty too wtf
Well shit...
Ebron!
Thank God for that!
"Wow, Double E. Great job."
EBRON BABBYYYYY
Beautiful catch
LETS GO BB!!!!
"Great work, let’s get that ball back"
Good ball ben
[deleted]
Anyone got the highlight link for that one?
HIGHSMITH SIGHTING
Let's get the ball back and get into the 2 minute offense
He got mobbed
GREAT SEQUENCE D
“WAOOOOOOOO”
Defense is flying all over the field.
"I slept in and I'm just turning the game on, how have we looked so far?"
The bud tj combo
Go for the td
Fucking momentum
Ernie Mills would have returned that for a touchdown.
Two minute drill time boys. Let's do it!!
So what do you do when passing works and we’re back in striking distance? Revert right back to the run run pass of course!
Any update on johnson getting checked for concussion?
Fuck hope Johnson is okay.
Playing James at X. So now we know who the backup X is.
JUUUUUU JUUUUUUU 🚂
JUJU
Let’s go!!!!!
JUJUUUUU
I'd let Ben call al his own plays
"Once again, we have to keep Juju."
2 MINUTE BEN LETS GOOOOOOOO
JuJu Baby
CMONNN LETS GO MAN THIS IS WHY WE THROW
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT BOYS
JUUUUJUUUUUUUUUUU
Offense is warming up!
Offense looks great. Obviously we can’t always score but it’s mind boggling that we either do this or we 3 and out. Gotta have more real drives moving forward
It was the jersey.  I told you.
Stop somebody!!!!!!!
That was easy.  See not so hard.
That zone is bad.
Can't give up points
We will have no problem bowers in the secondary
Well
Come onnnnnn pick six
"What a breakdown defensively for Houston. Not only was juju wide open, so was claypool"
Over/Under on Mark Madden trashing Juju soon?
Well we let them into fg range way too quick.
That Watson kid is pretty good
Broooooooo
We need some pass rush Watson had all day to throw that ball
"Ok


Get a turn over and all is forgiven"
Deshaun watmontanabreesbradyson
Well tits.
Watson does look really good today. Gotta give him that.
Fuck
He is unable to jump I guess..
How about a kick return because both teams are half assing this final kickoff?
That was just pathetic.
Boo
What happened to watt
Alex Highsmith got rooked on that TD run
Ring the bell🔔🔔🔔
If we can just play some more Man to man on defense... I don't believe we cannot handle their receiving core.  especially with Hopkins gone
Big day for Mcfarland
Dude is fast
"McFarland shouldn’t be shifty, he should hit edges"
give me 24-21.
I do not like seeing him try to run up the middle
Did the move Terrell Edmunds to RB and change his last name?
Wtf
Must QB sneak
Jesus
Can't get half a yard.
ray ray always about to break it but trips or get tripped by his own man
wait what
Fucking sneak it
Holy shit kill me
Go for it
Wow they are struggling to say Okorafor's name
McFarland 8 YPC
I do NOT like McFarland up the middle
Got hosed on the spot and then get stuffed
"yes, i love it."
Great job holding onto that
2nd most eligible receiver!  And the first down
We better not punt. Go for it!
Can someone tell me how we are doing? I missed most of the first half. Give me the run down
can we at least get a fg :x
Big Ben
Ben: https://youtu.be/Xw1k20DpHfA
"If his knee hit, he's short. I couldn't see it"
Wowwwwww
Lol of course we lose the challenge.
FUCK THESE REFS
Diontae is out the rest of the game
Silly Ben had that
Bullshit
Need Haskins to turn it on and beat the Brown
I hate that nothing is ever overturned.
Wow did we get lucky there....
HOW THE FUCK
these refs are actually losing us this game
Bailed out!
Well thank god for the penalty cause that was not going to be completed.
Jesus H Fuck these guys.
REFBALL
Fucking garbage man.
What the fuck
"It worked. 


4th and short bomb -> flag"
WE ARE SOO LUCKY
NICEEEEEEE
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME?!?!
Yeah he altered the route to catch the ball you dumbass
Possible make up call
Oop back to back bad calls.  I’ll take it though I guess.
NICE
unfuckingbelievable!!!!!!
Refs giving us a PI to make up for a bad call
Oh man. Chase took a dive there
Makeup call
WHAT THE FUCK???
Makeup for us lol
HAHAH SUCK IT TEXANS
WHAT THE FUCK
Thanks refs. I guess you did something
"The ""what did I do??"" Stance with your hands up make him for sure guilty"
FUCK SCOBEE!!
"I mean, I’ll take it I guess"
And the emmy goes to!
Makeup call
THAT IS THE WORST PASS LMAO
Ayyy lol
Damn we got lucky
Another drop
dude
Fuck
Pass has got to be there
FG then
gotta catch that man
Omg
Terrible choice
The fuck
i’m getting pissed
Defense....step up
She needs to work on her warrior stance
"Let's go D,  can't let us down now"
GOD DAMNIT
That penalty was costly
great stop
Good return
We gotta get a TD now
Ray Ray 🐐
Let’s give Ray Ray a screen pass or sweep!
Jesus
Never stood a chance there
We just setting up the punt
Need to get McFarland involved in some screens.
But why
Ahhh that sucks
If we somehow won this game I really won't feel like we deserved it.
SWITZER
We need to capitalize on this field position
Tuitt!
The only thing that is keeping us in the game is that Houston think they can run it
There Tuitt is!
Scared. Kicked it out of bounds
"Texans fan here, Do you guys think that every time we have a first down we are going to run the ball as well?"
I would decline every on purpose delay of game just to be a dick
Fox McCloud reporting.
This drive: 2 yard run -> 1 yard run -> 6 yard pass -> punt
WTF was that spot?
Better half time adjustments on the D side
"Alright, take advantage"
Punting is not on the menu for either team today
Jesus fuck man
How about a run
Garbage offense man
"""Nobody bit on that run.""

No shit."
We had the ball for about 7 seconds there
Football Team and Eagles need to step up. Wtf?!
Great
Omg we cant even get a field goal here
"Heart fucking breaking. 

God damn it."
Block in the back?
Wow...just wow.
WOOOOOW
smh
This game is disappointing 😞
Bince is our best db
How about cover the middle
YAY TJ
"Are you fucking kidding me? 

We're gonna lose this shit at this rate."
Football with no fans reminds me of baseball. There’s an intensity that’s missing. I think that works against the Steelers Defense.
Nice
Is BINCE our best coverage player?
Zone. Zone. Zone.
He got stamped
Watt got fucked up
LETS FUCKING GOOO FINALLLLYLY
"Alright offense, get it going"
"4-5 yard short first down pass instead of a run?  Well... yeah, that is pretty likely good play calling.  Now lets NOT run it 2 times in a row and punt."
Great catch Ebron!
Heaaaaaaaaath
I'd like to see a breakdown of us throwing to the flats and it doing anything.
Huge.
"Conner said ""get up off me"""
Ebron just killed the Texans that's like the 3rd bullet on his resume
Conner hurt again...
Finally looking like we have a rhythm on offense
Texans #41 let his tm struggle then let Connor get the first down lmao
"WTF kind of bullshit tackle from 41.

Trying to hurt Conner"
Trick play time
"FUCK, please stop overthrowing"
Mac Attack
Ben's bionic elbow
"6+ over thrown long passes. Ben, dial it back by 2."
I wanna see more MacFarland. Every other run he got ten yards
Vance and Ebron both on fire today
Need to get Ben some 11ft receivers
Let’s go Vance!
Vance is a truck
JC LFG
Wèèeeeeeeeeee
finally
2!
"Yes! Nicely done!

Here we go D, here we go!"
"That was an outstanding drive.  Credit to Fichtner, that was a perfect balance of running and passing, and a good adjustment to running without our FB."
Defense! Defense! Defense!
TJ is a fucking demon. I’d run through walls for this kid
LETS GO TJ
"Every time they say something good about watson, he gets rekt. Lol"
DPOY
3rd and 26 gotta hold them here
Texans are now playing 4th quarter Steelers. Game over.
Third and 25 scares me.
"Alright, now we run."
"Took a little bit, but we seem to be firing on all cylinders. Love to see it."
HERE WE GOOOO
I wish I could wear gold aviators...
Great stop by the defense. Need the run game to finish this one off.
That is how you run block!!
Alright JC!
Need the 4 minute offense
I hope we don’t play super conservative on this drive
Texans out of gas
Just stay in bounds fuck man
Cannot stop the run in the 4th quarter or just cannot stop James fucking Conner?
It’s almost as if preseason isn’t good for us
2 YARDS BOYS
Vance McDonald is ragdolling motherfucker
Texans melting
That’s a longggggg FG
"Run, run, run..."
Stay in bounds!
Damn... they blew up that run blocking there.  Time for a long field goal
Go for it please
Hell yes
LOVE TO SEE IT
LET'S GO BOYS!!!!!
Niiiiiiice
Let’s go!!!!
NICE
Great play call there for once!
I love u Ben 😍😍
I want a touchdown nothing elsse
Ball security.
Come on steel dickers lets get that TOUCHDOWN to put the dagger in em
Need Benny to save me in fantasy
Matt Feiler was amazing today.
Pass here
We need Boz on this one!
"What happened to the eagles?


I thought they were going to e good again for awhile with wentz"
Claypool
Caught them napping there!
We just need three here.
"Texans really just wasted their last timeout? Bosgod about to knock another 3 onto the board.

Bold move Cotton."
Finally a call went our way
WHEEEEEWWW
oh shit that was close to a major fuck up
That was terrifying
GET A TD FK EM
wheewwwwwwwwwww
HOLY SHIT!!!
Yoooooooooo
I think the clock is broken
How is it first and goal and still ticking?
"Congrats, Raven. You easily win the division. We suck complete balls."
Fuck it. We are way too overrated. Average at best
Yeah this is headed south fast. Texans are about to put up 40.
This defense is garbage without Watt
Y'all killing the secondary. There is no pass rush. How long do you think they can cover receivers for realistically?
I'd have preferred our first TO to be a bigger deal than just a pass punt.
time for the offense to do absolutely nothing with the turnover
Pussy shit not going for that.
Ben looks terrible rn
Our defense isn’t even good lol
leave it to the steelers to make a 0-2 team look good. Disgusting.
[deleted]
Will we have more points or 3 and outs in this game?
Conner looks SO slow.
"Ok so early draft list: OL, RB, CB"
Cut every single DB that isn't named Haden or Fitzpatrick. Cut them yesterday.
I just gotta laugh at all these dumbfounded Steelers fans. Player X regressed so much! No. They just aren’t playing Ryan Finley. The secondary was never very good. They got torched by Brady and Wilson. How quickly we forget that
WE SUCK DICK AT 3RD AND SHORT OMG THIS IS GARBAGE WHY NOT SNELL
I feel like he could have dived for that
Go for it
"This game is going to come down to the defense. I wouldn't have been worried in the past, but we haven't been looking good today."
Has our offense ever not gone 3 and out first possession 😂
Ben should have run there. huge hole and only 3 yard for the first
"Well, shit."
Defense has been looking like Swiss cheese since the second half last week
"Where are all those yinzers that bitch about ""not running old school behind Watt""?"
Ah yes fair catch on the 4
Nothing worse than getting kicked in the dick
Does it look like Ben is walking around with a limp to anyone else?
Why waste a timeout what
"Who the fuck was that to? A guy who was double covered, Jesus fuck"
Who are you passing to Ben?
This is a bit on DJ for that silly fair catch
TOLD YA. 41 got destroyed by Vance. Is leaving.
the secondary was a strength last year
Nelson and Minkah just giving up pass after pass
Nice work ladies!
"All things considered the defense isn't playing poorly, they're getting no time to rest and still making Watson work for it a little. Offense is hitting the snooze button hard."
why is mcfarland in?? conner has looked fine so far
..are we really not gonna get a td from the 1?
SNELL! SNELL! MACH SNELL!
"oh my god we're so fucking awful
sike LOL"
Need for the pass rush to get there. The zone won't hold if Watson has a pocket and time.
"Watson just throw the ball man, you don't gotta get hit like that."
JC from shotgun haters where?
Best Watt is injured :(
Nice drive! But they shouldn’t have went out of bounds so much
Hello haters (aka mark madden)
I think everyone thought this game was going to be a cake walk and forgot that houston is actually a good team.
Hot Take: McCloud as PR; McFarland as Rb1; Claypool moves up with DJ out
because fuck facemask penalties am i right? classic refball
"Washington should’ve laid out for that, Ben snorted cocaine before the game I think, he’s pumped"
Fuck fuck fuck
Oh shit that 3rd and goal I thought was 4th down for some reason
RIP Ben
Second time this season our receivers ran a route short of the sticks
Garbage punt
It’s so clear that people here really have strong opinions on the play calling but don’t understand the dynamic. Ben took a huge shot and the best thing to do is hand it off and hope for a good chunk of yards to make the 3rd down play manageable and let Ben get his bearings.
I wanna stop running but *our receivers can't stop dropping*
Gotta catch one handed ig
Why would they keep running??
Is cobb invisible or some shit
Every receiver is wide open!
Garbage secondary
We can’t stop the pass game. Butler went all in on stuffing the run and sucking the QB at the expense of our pass coverage.
It feels like we’re blowing them out but it’s only a 7 point game
Conner great run but fall on bounds
STOP RUNNING FROM THE SHOTGUN ON THIRD DOWN HOLY FUCK
Who is willing to bet the Steelers don’t try at all? I’m betting a Ben Knee.
Its so funny seeing the coach apologists in this thread. Our entire coaching staff is NCAA Div II tier.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wonder when people are going to start giving Ben shit on these drops for throwing bad passes
[deleted]
Eh I don’t know if that was dpi. Looked like his arm got tangled when the defender was trying to pick it off.
Fuck diontae
"I know that was one of his *better* punts, but Colquitt fucking BLOWS"
Maybe we can get just blown out and our hearts won’t explode
Oh look more idiots blaming Minkah for Steven Nelson’s fuck ups.
"Potentially stupid question here: what if JuJu had purposely stepped out of bounds (as opposed to walking it in for a touchdown), hoping to really burn some clock and setting the Steelers up for 3 tries right at the goalline?  Would that have been a respectable strategy, given how much time was left and given that the Texans had all of their timeouts, or should you always take the points in that situation?"
Snell would’ve caught that ball
[deleted]
well..we're pretenders. We've been exposed. 😊
This game is done. Our secondary is straight fucking garbage
Now I see why Seattle didn’t care about losing Ebron
Mike Hilton is so fucking bad in coverage.
[deleted]
This offense is fucking pathetic. Doesn’t matter who the QB is.
"I'd say I'm shocked by the play today but that would be a lie.. typical Tomlin trap game against an inferior opponent.. nice to see ""The standard is still the standard"""
"Guys, Watson is playing out of his mind. Sometimes the other team earns it"
"So I’ve missed most of the game until now, have they been playing well??"
Who the hell is Travis Scott?
I do not like Slim Ben
As a ravens fan; I am absolutely livid the Texans def is this trash. Might actually be 3-0. Pff  fake
NFL corrupt as ever as holding is ignored as per usual.
"It’s funny how we always hold Tomlin accountable for when we win, but when we’re losing and getting our asses kicker, everyone looks the other way lmao"
Here comes some terrible Tomlin time management
[deleted]
"People need to stop blaming receivers when Ben has been inaccurate this whole game. Good news is Ben is a hall of famer so I think he can fix it, but those misses by Conner and Washington wouldn’t have happened if Ben threw better balls.

Edit: yinz can downvote all you want but Ben has not played a good game. Nit-pick on a couple throws all you want but we need Ben to play better, plain and simple."
"I’ve been saying it for 10 minutes, this game is over."
[deleted]
It’s pretty embarrassing to be wearing Steelers garb at the bar surrounded by neutrals watching the Steelers get molested.
Three more yards than Conner would have got
Fuck this game. About to turn it off. Make some fucking adjustments Butler
This entire coaching staff has to go. Tomlin and Butler first.
[deleted]
So at what point do we hold Tomlin accountable? I mean we haven’t won a super bowl in over a decade with fucking Big Ben and haven’t been to one in almost a decade. We constantly underperform
Is it too late to get our first round pick back lmao fitz sucks this season
"How about we stop blaming drops and start blaming the QB for throwing behind receivers. 

Ben missed Ebron running wide open on the phantom defensive PI. Ben is playing fucking hero ball out there. He’s not even coming close to completing these passes"
Oof Vince baby what is you doin
Oh no.
"Fit Ben wouldn't need to CGI the ball, he could throw it over them mountains there if wanted."
Epic Steeler TD incoming...
Who is hurt
Who is hurt
That fair catch was full special ed mode
my fucking gawd
"Dude, Ben what are you doin. Tryin for a flag?"
What a fucking shit show so far. Defense can’t cover. Offense can’t move the ball.
[deleted]
We need to have a talk with our secondary. Why is Minkah waiting i know he can read the QB much better than this. Be close before hand. Don't wait till they catch it to tackle
No time to panic...Big Ben will get us there.
"What I’m seeing is our defense keeps getting put in really tough spots. Need more out of Watt right now rushing against the moving turnstile Titus Howard.

One pressure so far and it wasn’t a good one as he allowed Deshaun to get outside the pocket."
Drop drop drop miss pass miss pass...
That’s what happens when you put a fucking fourth string running back in there.
VMC caught it!!
78 is just not that good anymore
GODDAMNIT
like just run to the outside.... its not that hard...
I love Ben
I'm feelin a Minkah play
"When we finally have a chance to go out and take the lead we do run, run, pass."
JUJU
We might need a DTD in this game
Smh
"I think our run defense maybe got even better. I don't even think our pass defense was much better last season. 


Teams did this last season too."
AFC North> NFC East
"Just trade Snell, lmao."
Lol can't get 1 freakin yard
Pathetic blocking on 3rd and short
His knee looked down no
Who gave Mike a ref flag?
Houston hasn't settled for any field goals while we've had to kick two. Smh
If Johnson ran up he would’ve gotten it lol
Go for it
We gonna try another 4th and short?
Man imagine having a decent kicker. We will probably never know that feeling.
What a crap punt
BRING BACK TODD HALEY
Pierre did a great job trying to sell that hold
How many times are we going to run that play with claypool across the formation and hand off to the back going the other way? I feel like we run it every drive.
Catch the fucking ball
ITS NEVER BENS FAULT!
Every school year is like no other CBS News.  God I hate that sensationalism.
Edmunds making an error in coverage what a surprise
Where can I stream this game??
Okay Randy don't be a fucking punk on play calls.
Bruhhhhh
Uhhh I think that’s a touchback right because he fumbled through the end zone?
Why did they make Jake from State Farm black? I’ve never met a black Jake in my life. Did the original white Jake offend people?
Conner is soft as baby shit
SON OF A BITCH CLAYPOOL
[deleted]
Minkah exposed again
BEAUTIFULLLL
There offense is in love with the pass when the run game is working
Good playcalling coach
"Seeing us pass this much with old ass Ben (he’s still solid, but definitely lost a few steps) in this close of a game with Conner having 10 carries for solid yardage just makes me miss Todd Haley more and more. 

I’m sure I’ll get downvoted but there’s a reason Ben’s interceptions and sacks have skyrocketed since we ditched Haley"
[deleted]
[deleted]
Name a less dynamic running back than JC. Lmao just gets out in space and wastes it
CATCH THE MOTHERFUCKIN BALL BITCH.
Is it time to panic on the offense? It’s not like it’s been even good these first 3 weeks and it looks like wet shit today.
I fucking knew it was a mistake to keep going out of bounds every play. Tomlins time management skills on display
"and this will be a tie game at halftime

edit: I wish it was only tied"
The only time James Washington was actually good was with Ducky Hodges
[deleted]
[deleted]
Bad drop...horrible player. He needs replaced and cut ASAP
I think it's time we put Justin Layne in. Nelson just isn't the guy be fooled us to believe he was
James Conner still isn't that good.
"DoNT WoRry GuYs, wE aRe GoINg tO bE FiNe"
"He gave up on that play before the ball arrived, expecting a flag."
This game is over. Our defense can’t stop them. Our offense can’t move the ball.
""
"This isn’t just stoopid, it’s just bad as well"
If you know you know 😂
Yeah its a no from me dawg.
""
That's gorgeous! Do you have an Etsy?
Awesome!
" This is sick bro, using this as my background lmao"
"this is amazing, I love it!"
"“We’ve been blitz happy. Today, I want to be hit happy.”

Talk dirty to me papa Keith."
Remember when we all though he was dog shit?
[deleted]
"r/nflstreams relocated to Nflbite.com, they have all the streams there."
"Crackstreams.com

Works for everything"
My brother just old me that topstreams.info is working for him.
Anyone tell me which stream doesn’t require me to sign up for something?
Thanks all found one on Buff Streams.  Just in time to see us losing 14-3 😂
Streameast.live
""
""
[removed]
"They literally have the Steeler game listed.  The guide says Texans at Steelers.  And they’re playing Titans vs Vikings.


This is bullshit"
"I have Rams/Raiders here.  Blah.

Watching online.

If you ever want to check beforehand, go to https://506sports.com/ You can see what games are going to be broadcast in your area"
"givemenflstreams
Loved the name so they get my bandwidth today"
[deleted]
I had the Browns game and I live an hour from Pittsburgh
Crackstreams.com
Damn bro. I’m in Baltimore and got the game on OTA
Locast
Don’t know where you’re from or what tv company you’re using but Xfinity is playing Steelers Texans on CBS.
"Don’t know where you’re from or what tv company you’re using but Xfinity is playing Steelers Texans on CBS, in Pittsburgh area."
"That is quite the weird sexual fetish... I never thought of fucking a television network...but I suppose if I were to have that particular attraction? FoxNews...anally, with a 2x4...would be my preference.

EDIT:...oh... I see how it is... must’ve a lot of Trump Humpers here... but I bet I would get the upvotes if I used MSNBC instead of FOX.

That tells me that my comment was funny...you just did it because the details... too bad... Istand by my original assessment."
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Obama and Dan Rooney were personal friends.  I do believe he was ultimately a Chicago sports fan but he’d root for Pittsburgh in general, at least I remember him doing so multiple times throughout his Presidency.

Trump I’ve never heard say a word about the Steelers prior to his recent rally."
"> Elvis’ love for one of America’s greatest games went far beyond watching the Cleveland Browns and Pittsburgh Steelers – his two favorite teams – in the Mansion’s tv room. 

[https://www.graceland.com/elvis-news/posts/elvis-and-his-love-of-football](https://www.graceland.com/elvis-news/posts/elvis-and-his-love-of-football)

&#x200B;

Excuse me, WTF?"
Snoop Dogg!
No they just hold up the jersey of the team that won the SB. Obama is a Bears fan and Trump is a Patriots fan
"Well Obama appointed Dan Rooney ambassador to Ireland, and Rooney thanked Obama on the podium after XLIII, so Obama might have at least some affinity for the Steelers."
Obama is a notorious Chicago bears fan. He’s holding this for the Steelers win of super bowl 43
"Pretty sure Obama is a Bears fan (I also love the Bears). Still tho, it’d be really cool if he was a fan of my favorite football team and baseball team."
Chipper Jones is surprising
But what about Wiz Khalifa?  I knew he was a fake fan /s
"A better question is who gives a shit lmao it’s the president, they’ll hold up any team jersey of the city they’re in or praise any team that wins the Super Bowl. It’s all a PR move because dumb people seem to put stock in “omg this candidate/celebrity held up my teams jersey!!! Der, I’m gonna vote for/support them because they like my team!” No, they don’t. They just know the dumb people will buy into that type of cheap disingenuous bullshit."
Obama spoke at pitt when he was running for president. Had franco harris introduce him. Claimed he was a fan of the Steelers while watching the immaculate interception while living in Hawaii. I don't believe those time lines don't add up.
"I'm actually Obama and yes, I like the Steelers. Don't @ me"
Trump is friends with Big Ben.  They may even be eskimo brothers.
"Based on the game thread, my NFL Sunday Ticket must be at least a minute delayed! So much for following the live thread, I’ll know every big play before it happens! 
Touchdown Ebron.. oh wait, Yinz knew about dat already"
Your Sunday Ticket is delayed and the live thread for me is super delayed lol
"Depends.  Satellite positioning allows us Aussies and kiwis to see the game a few seconds before America. 


I can post shit all day to my American friends pretending I'm predicting the next play, but I really just saw it before them lol"
""
I knew he looked banged up after that end around. Dang this sucks.
"Damnit, Diontae is my favorite Steeler. Hope he's just shaken up and it's precautionary"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
How about that second half defense?
We need 2019 Steven Nelson. 2020 Steven Nelson isn’t very good.
JUST HAVE A LITTLE FAITH ARTHUR!
"Did they score at all in the 2nd half?  

These knee jerk fan reactions drive me insane."
I feel like we're not respecting their o-line/worried about Watson running so we're not sending the blitz but all that's doing is giving Watson time in the pocket to pick us apart
Hey we got the W
You could so easily make this for the Texans' secondary on that JuJu TD
There was still a little meat left on the bone is all
"We're blitzing like crazy this year, any secondary is going to get beat up a little with this kind if philosophy."
Maybe let's try a whole secondary of Zac Effron clones....you don't know for sure it would be worse!
Get’cha head in the game
"Good news, the Steelers defense got their act together in the second half. Here are some DeShaun Watson stats to prove it.

First Half: 14/18 202 yards 2TD

Second Half: 5/9 62 yards Int

Also, the Texans running game could never get going."
The D really stepped up in 2nd half though..
"wasn't really secondary's fault, watson was getting a lot of time to throw in the first half because refs missed a lot of holding calls on TJ"
"Some were bad, some were absolute dimes from Watson."
The standard is the standard...
True
""
"Players ruled out for the rest of their games already include: Steelers WR Diontae Johnson (concussion), Falcons WR Russell Gage (concussion), 49ers TE Jordan Reed (ankle/knee) and Eagles TE Dallas Goedert (knee).

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
"I disagree, this call is integral to the rules of the game and removing it would change the way its played."
"The penalties usually have no bearing on the play because they're usually unintentional.

The rule itself has a massive impact on the game.

The 12 men rule is exactly the same. Are you suggesting they remove the penalty for having an extra player on the field...?"
[deleted]
"He only has one pick in three games. If anything, I feel like his decision making has been BETTER downfield."
This is his fourth game in 2 calendar years. He's getting back into it.
Ben is playing pretty well imo.
"Nah, Ben's throwing a lot less flutter balls, if any, this year like he did a lot of the last few years.  The surgery seemed to have fixed him."
""
I misread the title... I thought you named your kid Renegade.
Awesome! I have that exact same blanket!
Congrats on the baby! And thanks for making a new Steeler fan.
Congrats
"And on a win 💪🏼 couldn’t be better, congrats"
"Nice!

Welcome to THE NATION!"
You baby is gorgeous!!! Congrats!
Great taste...Go Steelers
Congrats Steelers bro
""
I’ve always wondered ...how is that as a grill flipper? It’s always caught my eye but I never pulled the trigger on it...
""
Last time we went 4-0 was 1979 when we actually won that Superbowl. Inject it into my veins!!!
Be fun to beat Arrogant Rodgers in this year’s SB.
It's not over yet
There's only one champ.  That season was a failure.  Let's hope this one goes better.
"Our offensive play calls were just amazing this game! The fourth down conversions were smart and well executed, and the runs to end the game were also super solid.  He gets a lot of hate here but commendable play calls on offense caused this win."
"Agreed... 

I remember my Dad moaning in disgust a few years ago with we’d go on 4th. Looked tight, especially fake to Claypool..."
"His play calling early was trash. I say this as one of the biggest defenders of him.

It got better as it went on.

The team just... They really really struggle to start games well. They need to figure out a way to come out and play with confidence and composure."
Idk about the deep ball on 4th and short lol
Pretty sure the OCs switched sides at halftime
"It's back thanks to multiple requests and positive feedback. Here are my real-time thoughts:

- Glad they're letting Conner run outside. He is much better in space than running between the tackles.

- Wondering if Ben audibled into the hand-off to Samuels. Seems weird to run the ball with him. If they're gonna run there why not let McFadden take it? 

- Unusual to see Mike Hilton get beat like he did on the Texans first quarter touchdown.

- Ben throwing deep on 3rd and 7 from inside his 20 will never not be infuriating. 

- Starting to wonder if Stephon Tuitt is ever going to be as good as was prior to getting hurt last year. He has been invisible this season. Which isnt unusual for him prior to the 2019 season.

- Steelers down 14-3 in the 2nd quarter and the defense still hasnt given up a touchdown on a drive that wasnt extended by a 3rd down penalty or on a short field.

- So far this has the feel of one of those games that the offense loses but everyone blames on the defense.

- Ben with a nice block on the reverse to Diontae but he should never do that again.

- When the broadcast returned from commercial at the two minute warning they showed a crude photoshop of Ian Eagle's face on someone else's head and that's when I realized how much Ian Eagle looks like Subway Spokespedo Jared Fogle.

- Great two minute drive for the offense. 

- Texans' two minute touchdown drive was the first time Steelers allowed a touchdown without a short field or penalty extending the drive.

- This is a good challenge by Tomlin. Ball crossed by half a yard before being OOB. If they dont overturn this it's a travesty.

- That's a travesty. His knee is down and the ball is over the line needed. Garbage call.

- I am so fucking sick of going deep on 3rd and 4th and short. They got bailed out by the PI but fucking stop.

- Too many drops today. Somewhere Hillibilly is blaming Tomlin for not preparing the receivers' hands properly.

- Concerning they could only get 3 on the opening drive of the 2nd half because it feels like the defense hasnt really stopped Houston outside of the first drive of the game.

- I started ripping Stephon Tuitt to my dad and he almost sacked Watson. Maybe I need to keep it up.

- I also hate running the ball on 2nd on 19. 

- I'd go for it here.

- Missed pass interference when Roby grabbed Claypool's arm. I wouldve assumed it was obvious when you see a guy only using one arm to try to catch a ball but what do I know?

- What will it take for TJ Watt to draw a holding call? He is held on like every play and it's never called.

- What a change in the defense in the 2nd half. 

- I still have yet to be impressed with Dustin Colquitt but I'm sure hes probably better than Berry.

- 3-0 feels good. Bring on the Tits!"
Love the Hillbilly callout
McFadden back on the team? Jk. Great write up
"I feel like they have to let Samuels run the ball sometimes just so the other team doesn't clue in that it's a pass play every time he's in the play.

""So far this has the feel of one of those games that the offense loses but everyone blames on the defense."" - guarantee that would have happened if the offense didn't score at the end even with a second half shutout. 

TJ Watt's lack of holding calls reminds me very much of prime Deebo."
"I'm a big Ebron critic, but really liked his game today. He looked solid"
How did we not get that call overturned for Ben’s scramble for the 1st down? The whole booth and Mike Pereria all seemed to be in agreement? What happened there?
Did the defense change anything schematically in the second half or was it just better execution? And thank you for these write ups.
">Ben with a nice block on the reverse to Diontae but he should never do that again.

The commentators called this one well, paraphrased, ""That was a great block, but the fans are going to hate that he's doing it""."
">What will it take for TJ Watt to draw a holding call? He is held on like every play and it's never called.

This seems to be a trend across the NFL, nobody is getting called for holding unless it's completely egregious. Probably intended to help protect QBs. Personally I'm a big fan of this change, I hate seeing drives get killed over questionable holds

Edit: holding calls were down 78% in week 1 compared to 2019"
"> Bring on the Tits!

Okay ladies you know what to do! Send them to Sleestak's inbox! lol

Great game by the Steelers that second half reminded me of the Super Bowl years."
Where was the comment when Tuitt finally appeared and got the sack?
"What the fuck is up with the lack of holding calls in general? Did the refs just unanimously decide to say fuck it, that's not a rule anymore?"
I'm very glad you're doing these even if they haven't gained traction again yet. You've still got your fans
"#Houston Texans at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:34|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Texans|7|14|0|0|21|
|Steelers * *|3|14|3|8|28|


Last Play: 

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|FG|1|(8:59) C.Boswell 33 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|HOU|TD|1|(6:07) (Shotgun) D.Watson pass deep left to R.Cobb for 28 yards, TOUCHDOWN [S.Tuitt].|
|HOU|PAT|1|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|HOU|TD|2|(11:35) Da.Johnson right tackle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|HOU|PAT|2|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|PIT|TD|2|(5:09) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to E.Ebron for 10 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|2|(1:22) (No Huddle, Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to J.Smith-Schuster for 26 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|HOU|TD|2|(:28) (Shotgun) D.Watson pass short left to W.Fuller for 14 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|HOU|PAT|2|K.Fairbairn extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Weeks, Holder-B.Anger.|
|PIT|FG|3|(9:57) C.Boswell 26 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|4|(6:30) (Shotgun) J.Conner right tackle for 12 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT2|4|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. B.Roethlisberger pass to J.Smith-Schuster is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 2 | 14 | 169 | 218 | 25 |
| Texans | 4 | 49 | 29 | 231 | 13 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
0 POINTS IN THE SECOND HALF
Offense stopped living in their fears at the end. Defense pitched a second half shutout. No turnovers for the first time in like 10 years. Can’t be 19-0 without being 3-0. Here we fucking go.
"Hi there Steelers fans. I'm just a Texans fan here to thank you for your contribution to the fire BoB fund, we are now one step closer to firing the fraud of a coach. Kinda wish you guys had scored 40 on us though."
"""Bill O'Brian is 37-3 when taking a lead into halftime.""

*Tomlin lowers sunglasses*

""37-4"""
Thank god we held on to 3-0
Okorafor had a strong game
"Man it was like mass suicide in here in the second quarter.  Fire Tomlin, Minkah was a mistake, Fichtner sucks, blah blah blah - Jesus Christ!  Second half shutout, held them to 21.  Here we fucking go!!!"
Everybody get in here!
"Shoutout to Vance McDonald today, was hustling and getting great blocks to open up the run game."
2 Watts are better than 1
"JJ Watt - 1 tackle
TJ Watt - 4 tackles, 1 sack"
"Steelers had the ball for 11:50 of the game's final 13:27

D gave up ZERO second half points"
"In years previous, I definitely feel like this is a game we would have lost. Slow start on offense, defense playing like garbage in the first half, playing down to an opponent, etc. 


But we came out in the second half and did a great job. This really seems like a different Steelers team. 


Obviously, we have a lot more work to do with getting better in the secondary with coverage, and our offense definitely needs to get better too whether it's on playcalling or just executing plays properly. 

Also, proud of Conner. Not the biggest fan of him, but two back to back games in a row he does a great job of running."
2nd half adjustments? MORE OF THAT PLEASE
"Now that that’s done, can we agree to quit commenting “we suck” and “games over” in the first quarter of the game thread?"
WE BROKE THE TURNOVER STREAK!
"That's 3-0 ladies and gentlemen. 



Never, ever, EVER doubt Large Benjamin"
"Juju impressed me with his blocking today. It doesn't get the attention it deserves for the value it brings. And if I notice it, it has to be good.

He gets ragged on a bit for being a showy guy off the field but he gets dirty on it and thats what counts."
Mapletron is gonna be good.
"Damn it feels good to be 3-0. Holy run game in the second half, Batman!"
We’re going to the superbowl
What was up with the clock? It didn’t stop at 2 minutes.
"Had us in the first half, not gonna lie"
"Now THATS a tale of two halves. Fucking hell, let’s talk about it:

Bad:

- Jaylen Samuels/McFarland as third down back. Just wtf was that? Conner or Snell, preferably Snell, take third down responsibilities. Can’t create such a big mismatch and this was the thing that really stuck out to me and had me bothered. 

- Diontae PR. This dude scares the fuck out of me. He’s dynamic WITH the ball, but calling a fair catch on the 4? Man oh man. Hopefully his noggin is good because he’s a stud but man we cannot lose positioning on ST’s. 

- Pass pro. I have said it every week, Ben cannot take these hits. Not real pleased with Al/Feiler. I know OL tape is hard from a tv view but man they didn’t look sharp. Gonna need a watch through on the a22 but not too thrilled. 

- Third down conversions. We can all agree this area needs to improve right? I don’t have the numbers but Jesus they didn’t feel good. Gotta clean this up. 

Good:

- Vince. This dude came to play and just routinely shows why he won’t lose his job. Such a solid player. Not a fan on him covering fuller but really solid from him. 

- we finally used ebron as we should: a big body receiver. Glad he had his coming out party

- McFarland... looks to be as advertised man. He is fast and a real good debut for the rook, consider me a fan. 

- Chuks. I said it above but OL tape is hard from a tv view but I am really impressed with Chuks. I know we had a very small sample size from banner and Chuks but Chuks has looked really solid out there. JJ was a non factor and our third round guy played a solid game. 

- Ray ray.... he gonna break one one day. We finally have a dynamic guy on KR’s. Consider me a fan man. 

Overall, was it the prettiest? No. Do I give a fuck? Absolutely not. We’re 3-0 and we rebounded hard in the second half. Shoutout to the coaching staff for the adjustments made because they were huge. Let’s get ready for Tennessee boys. One last question.... WHO RIDE!?!?"
"First and foremost, bless the knees, arms, ankles, kankles and keep em healthy! 


I mentioned it last week, but this game was definitely the prove it game for us. 


Lemme start with the negatives:

That first quarter was abysmal on both sides of the ball for us. Pretty typical these last couple games unfortunately, but that’s stiller football lmao. 


Dionte is a wildcard at punt returner man. That fair catch at the 4 yard was fuckin dumb. The guy has a bunch of questionable decision-making. He’s good but he just has to sharpen up his decisions.


Our secondary... man they are practically invisible at best, and a liability at worst. Minkah has been stagnant, last season he was quiet because he shut shut down, now he’s quiet but there’s nothing dynamic out of him. Still early, but there needs to be a change!Besides Hilton, who’s carrying us in that area, bless the man! 


Big Ben is throwing it more, but his accuracy is very questionable this game. Overthrowing out the ass. Glad they’re letting him let loose, so hopefully it’s still the rust that will be gone in a game or two, pref


Run,run,pass... fuck outta here with that my guy. 


Positives:

That pick in the fourth was a game changer!!! Hilton is a goddamn dog!! Fucking love what he’s been doing so far. Such an underrated player, who’s finally making himself known to the general public.


TJ WATT THE TRUTH, DONT NEED TO SAY ANYTHING ELSE


Ben, Juju/Ebron connection is getting there! Ebron with a fantastic catch td! 


Offense is at that good connection so far. Not up to what I would consider awesome but you can tell they got it together at the second half, especially 4th quarter. 


*Lemme add, we turned things completely around the second half! D didn’t let up any points! Gotta give props to the secondary, who still got me a bit nervous, but nonetheless.

So overall, we’ve proven ourselves to be good imo. Texans are not a bad team at all. They had us for the majority and then we went beast mode at the second half. Sure, they were 0-2 coming in, but they faced the 2 best teams consecutively and then us.  


TITANS NEXT.... HERE WE GO"
First in the AFC NORTH BITCHES!! Also the Watt brothers are discussing getting Subway after the game
2 Watt > 1 Watt confirmed
"Loved this game.  I was kinda expecting a letdown.  The D looked shakey in the first half.

D shut out the second half.  Ben and Conner both looked good.

Big team win."
[deleted]
Our death was greatly exaggerated
Anyone else watching this bonkers rams/bills game?
"PROS:  

* TJ Watt.
* We held Watson to 5 rushing yards. If we want to win the division, that means beating the Ravens and being able to shut down mobile quarterbacks. We did that today, in spades.
* Vince Williams, and TJ Watt.
* We saw the emergence of the running game with every back getting carries. Its good to see variety and plan coming forward.
* Tuitt is back! alongside TJ Watt.
* We have two TEs! Or just way too many oversized wide receivers. Ebron showed up today, and Vance had some classic Vance. Also, Juju playing like a TE at times too with crazy yards after contact. 
* We have the best Watt.

CONS:

* Week two of Steelers vs Refs + Team. Sometimes you have to play harder to win, but this is getting old fast. Apparently holding on the offense isn't a penalty anymore.
* Deep ball was really bad today. Ben was overthrowing everyone, and we got really lucky on that 4th down DPI call. 
* Secondary is starting slow in games, and while we might be able to catch up now that we actually have an offense to bring to the field, the better QBs are going to take advantage early and quickly. Playing from behind all game is not the situation we want to see ourselves in.

All in all, a great game for the Steelers. Tomlin seems to have a long game plan so we can't expect every possession to be a big one, but if we give up points while not generating enough movement on the offense it's going to be a tough road uphill in a lot of games."
[removed]
Juju deserves way more love than he gets here.
It feels so good to have Ben back again
"3 & 0!


3 & 0!


3 & 0!"
Can't wait to hear this weeks episode of Pittsburgh Dad
Ben must feel like a kid in a candy store with all of the receiving options he has now. Good thing we do not have a diva receiver demanding the ball on every play any longer.
"Two Watts are better than one, so you're always invited to join JJ."
Good feeling winning in the 4th quarter instead of blowing a lead. 3-0. nice!
How many sacks is that now?
The amount of sacks this defense is generating is almost video game status
That was a football game.
We ride at dawn bitches 3-0 let’s goooo!!!
VICTORY SCREECH! LOLOLOLOOOLOLOLOL
IT'S WHAT YOU WANT!!!!! 3-0 BABY? Now do I buy a Juju jersey or a Claypool jersey. I have funds for one
All you tomlin haters better eat crow. We had amazing adjustments on both sides.
"whew. was ugly in the 1st half, but we fixed most of our shit and played a great game towards the end. being 3-0 feels so good"
Whatever second half adjustments were made worked like a fucking charm
I thought Watt was going to get a late hit call on the interception.
"""Ben is too old and the secondary is hot trash and the Texans are going to score 40 points!"" --Fans who never watched a Steelers or other NFL game before"
I was depressed half the game until we won
"Cleaned it up in the second half.


Good win for our guys. I think the Texans were a good (not great) team.


Games get real for here on out. Here we gooooooo"
This team really impressed coming out of the half. That touchdown at the end of the second quarter was the last time their offense had any time to breathe. Total shutdown in the second half. Running game was super on point but it felt like a lot more outside runs (maybe we should stop running it inside constantly hmmmm) so the guys had more room to work with. Really loving this team right now
Completely different team in the 2nd half. Great stuff
Mike Hilton
"UNDEFEATED:

Game ball to TJ Watt and the guy that did a fantastic job against the other Watt, CHUKWUMA OKARAFOR. Love Banner but looks like we have an absolute beast at right tackle. Shoutout to our scouting and our O line coach Sharret for continuing to draft and develop  that unit.

WHO RIDE......WE RIDE"
"They had us in the first half, not gonna lie"
"Okorafor was a total baller today, I am so impressed. Good team win, way to adjust. And no turnovers!!!"
"I too, am moist."
How bout some love for Juju doing a back flip for that 1st down!
"Honestly, I feel JuJu might be a priority re-sign just for locker room culture."
"Game threads are fuuuucking toxic. We're not going to absolutely smother every team every week on defense. Pitched a shutout in the 2nd half and the offense powered up, punted when necessary and won the game. Great win."
What a game man. Defense shut it down in the second half.
"3-0!

# LETS FUCKING GOOOOO!!!!"
"I’m so happy. 

HERE WE GO."
good game boys. now we can relax and watch the rest of the games tonight
A pretty good all around game from everyone today
"Defense was great in the second half. 

Good win"
3-0.
Kind of telling that we never started 3-0 with both Le’Veon Bell and Antonio Brown.
I like wins. I like our Watts. I like our defense. I like our healthy ben. A lot to like. Bring on the titans.
LETS GOOOOO
I was super worried this entire game but the defense really shut down Watson in the second half. Holy hell that was scary.
"First half started out messy but we dominated the second. 

 I’m feeling good about this season. With Ben back and finally an elite defense again I feel confident we can make a run deep.

Steelers play their worst football in September usually. Now we are starting out 3-0 and we haven’t even had our gimme games of the bengals and to a lesser extent browns.

Excited. When was the last time we started 3-0?"
Second 1/2 D was suffocating. Last time we were 3-0 we were AFC Champions.
"Copy and pasting my thoughts that I posted in the GT -

Said this when it was 14-3: 

The only thing l'm going to say is good teams battle back from bad starts. They make adjustments and improve over the course of a game. The next 2 hours will determine if we are a good team. hope the answer is yes. Because so far it hasn't been

........

I think we can say we are a good team now."
Might actually watch Ravens vs. Cheifs tommorow.
"I’m from the Erie area. When’s the last time the Steelers, Browns, and Bills all won in the same weekend? Or even how many times has that happened in the past twenty years? I was trying to find that stat but it seems to be a tough to get to."
A win is a win
"The Run game and second half defense won this game. Great games from Conner and McFarland. 

Mediocre game from Ben. At least he didn’t turn the ball over"
"Excellent win and exciting game all around. 3-0 for first time since 2010?? Good shit. 

Defense really clamped down that second half. Very nice seeing the team able to make adjustments after a rough opening."
"A positive I want to mention is the job Chuks did with JJ today, really felt like he made him a non-factor"
"This, to me, is an enormous win precisely because it's the sort of game they would have found a way to lose in the Killer B years. The narrative was so familiar: offense starting sluggish, defense getting carved up by a good quarterback on a bad team, playing down to competition, yada yada yada. But not this year. Not this team. The offense did enough with some excellent plays from everyone, though nobody individually went off. The defense locked the door and melted the key for scrap metal in the second half. Stairway to Seven baby, here we go!!"
"I feel like our secondary is not as bad as people say it is. They're usually good at coverage, but when they do give up plays they're pretty big ones. Add in that Deshaun Watson is a really good QB, I'm not surprised. But Tannehill is coming next week and we better not play like the 1st half defense."
Finally broke the turnover streak by Steelers offense and special teams. 25 games.
"We're going to get games like that. Every team does. We can't expect to dominate every half. What's important is how we react. Watson is a quality QB who causes teams all kinds of problems and we kept him out of the game in the second half. No turnovers is a huge stat too. We really, REALLY need to start better though.

3 and fucken 0!"
Why’s ESPN only showing TJ with one sack? He should have 1.5 no? He got that one big solo one in the 4th but I swear he had another one where he helped Dupree bring down Watson?
Hate how we go down in the first half and all the “fans” on Twitter start roasting the team. There are two haves for a reason lol
"For a team whose run game produced quite well today, our fans sure to complain a lot in the game threads every time we run the ball."
Never doubted this team. Half of you continue to be dumbshits. The game is not over in the first quarter. Stay out of next weeks game thread.
"TJ and Derek to JJ : ""So mom and dad love us more now, just saying"""
Okofor looked great. Happy to see us our coach Bob and the Texans.
The defense really showed up in the 2nd half. Great game.
Chucky is a beast
DONT BLINK.
"Our offensive play calls were smart and well executed, gotta hand it to Fichtner here.  After a shaky start both the O and later the D started turning up the heat, and although the Texans are a solid team they just couldn’t keep up with it.  Week 4 against the Titans we need to get off to a hot start sooner, because we seem to have a habit of being slow first quarter.  Players wise I loved Conner this game, what a strong performance that shows he’s our RB1. Juju is just a fantastic blocker, and Ebron was setting up some great chemistry with Ben on important third downs"
"I shoulda known better than to start Waller over Ebron. He was eventually have a great game and he did today. Also great job by the defense in the second half, wish they were like that the first half but I’ll still take it"
Yoooo some of ya guys gotta chill. Saying the season is over when we are losing in the second quarter lol...
VICTORY PRE-ROLL!!
"what a fucking game. steeler football, and all the heart palpitations that come with it, is back baby!!"
Allowed 0 pts in the 22nd half to Deshaun Watson
"Damn first 3-0 since 2010?

I really didn't want to care about this season because I'm afraid Covid is going to cancel it but damn it I have hope now!"
"D line was good in the first half and great in the second, O line absolutely balled out in the second. Massive shoutout to Chuk, he kept JJ quiet all day, big performance from him. Conner proved he’s a starting calibre RB when healthy (just a shame it won’t be with us). Secondary still look shaky but hopefully it’s just a lack of preseason reps. Pretty much all our receivers had their moments as well, we’ve quietly built up a really strong corp there. Juju had better be coming into the room to sign his contract just as TJ leaves it. 

Excited for the Titans game now, we’ve proven these last three weeks that run stuffing is our bread and butter so hopefully we can take Henry out of the equation. 4-0 would be a hell of a start after last season"
Excellent ending. Defense and offense both looked like they figured it all out by the end. 3-0 feels good.
"We beat a great team and adjusts the fuck of them before 2 half. Great coaching and execution by everyone in second half. 3-0 babyyyyyyyy 
I’m absolutely ducking down something today


Edith: Someone"
Vance had his best game in like 2 years.
Some wacky games in the league today.
"Falcons bout to choke 2 weeks in a row

Edit: lol they did"
"I missed the game cause of work sadly, will rewatch tonight to see the W 🤙

Just need the Celtics to lose tonight and its the perfect day for me"
In TJ we trust
"After that game, I willing to cool off on Butler. I think my analysis on him comes down to this: The man is godawful at gameplanning, but god-tier at halftime adjustments. I would like to sharpen up our first half performance to be truly happy with Butler's scheming. 

Ben played well, CALL MORE MEDIUM CROSSING ROUTES. We don't need homerun passes until Ben trains a bit more.

Drops really killed us. Connor had a great day on the ground, I really wish he would make more plays on the ball and not drop passes."
What are these weird things we have? Are they...wins?
It's nice to have an offense again
"I wonder what happened at halftime that woke the Defense up? 

Also I didn't see the play where Dionte went out I really hope he's gonna be okay. Concussions suck"
TJ Watt is a fucking beast
"We're getting outstanding performances from these offensive linemen filling in.  

Great second half and very nice to see the offensive not take their foot off the gas.  Ben knew giving the ball back to a hot Watson was a risky move, so they just kept pushing forward.  

Despite that first half, the defense continues to impress.  You can't expect them to hold EVERYONE every week, but they clamped down when they needed to for the second week in a row."
"Overall solid game . We fought hard and came back and came out with a W  showing great character and grit from the whole team . I hope moving forward We can  get the run game going early on , and not only deep in the 4th. But hey 3-0 feels great. On to the next. Here we gooo!!"
Our 2pt conversion was surgical
LOLTEXANS
I hope the Dionte injury isn’t too bad 🥴
Will I watch a Steelers game this season without a clenched anus for 92% of the game?
"Since I dont see a NFL-At-Large thread:

Congrats go to Joey Burrow for getting above 0.000 

by tying the 3rd Worst team in the NFL who gave them several turnovers and 4 OT possessions."
Held the Texans to 29 rushing yards? That’s good D.
"I don't know what's going to happen with this season, but this is the first time the Steelers have started 3-0 in 10 years, and this has not happened in either of my kids' lifetime. And it's so awesome, because this is the first year my son (7 years old) is REALLY into watching the games with us."
"Credit to Tomlin and Butler for making adjustments at halftime, something I didn't think they'd make. DeShaun looked like he was going to drop 40 on us after the first half."
Who’s watching this absolutely hilarious Bengals game? I am rooting so hard for a tie
"People here we’re talking about the test being this week. Watson was a decent quarterback to play against, and definitely gave her a secondary a test. I think the real test is looming in week four. Ryan Tannehill by no means the greatest quarterback, but the Titans are pretty well-rounded team. Hopefully we can get our defense waking up early. Not as worried about the run game, even with Derrick Henry. We need to strike fast and hard."
James Conner was the best back today. Thought they actually platooned everyone well though.
"Some of my favorite comments in the gamethread within the first 10 in-game minutes today.

>This defense plays with no heart.

>We’re going to get absolutely blown out by an 0-2 team

>Fichtner needs to go NOW

>Ebron drops everything!

>Bad drop...horrible player. He needs replaced and cut ASAP”"
This is team just feels special. Defense locked up the second half and boy is great to have a Good QB again. Stairway to seven baby
"Defense really stepped up their game in the second half.  Glad to see the pass rush finally making some moves against Watson.  Secondary needs to the shake their rust off, but other than that defense looks stout.  Lets go get that ring."
It was definitely a tale of 2 halves!! Let’s keep improving boys!!
I'm not even excited about 3-0 in excited that we're actually WINNING! Offense is looking better every week. Defense is showing some holes primarily in the secondary and linebacker position that just needs some tuning. Overall Here We Go Steelers!
That td at the end of the 1st half was the best thing to happen to the defense. Seemed to have woken them up because they played lights out in the 2nd half.
Now introducing Eric Ebron and Anthony McFarland.  I'm happy with the production from those two when they were called upon.
One of the most important calls of the game was moving to the run after the half. Our running back committee is also surprisingly effective.
"It is so nice to not have something good happening right now, Steelers going 3-0 is gonna keep me sane"
Feeling good about this win. Fought through some adversity and didn’t get too comfortable with the lead. This feels like the type of game we would’ve lost in the past. 3-0 boys!
"Glad to see the win, but gotta play better than today if they wanna beat Tennessee next week"
"Secondary woes continue but I believe they will get their communication down. Don't know when. But they will. Nelson, Minkah, and Joe just need to create that cohesion again"
[Me currently ](https://imgur.com/gallery/dqNDRxH)
"First time being 3-0 since 2010.
Wowzer"
"Shoutout the defense for that 2nd half shutout....3-0 baby, let’s keep it going next week against Tennessee!"
How’d we look today? I had to attend a socially distant wedding and missed the whole game.
Any score predictions for vs Titans? I think it will be close but we will come out ahead
It's nice having an offense again. I was worried Ben wasn't the same anymore but he's still probably a top 10 QB in the NFL.
3-0!!!
Do u want Sam darnold?
I find it still tough to judge how good the Steelers really are.  Yes they are 3-0 but their opponents combined records are 0-9.  Next week we play a 3-0 team whose opponents combined record is 1-8 so a win here may not tell us much.  I’m waiting for a game when we play a playoff contender.
"Mike Hilton is a straight dog, guy is flying around out there. Also loved the distribution of backs through the game, we’re going to have the titans on their toes next week. 

Beating Deshaun Watson I feel was a big stepping stone for this team. Lessons from this game will stick with these guys down the road when it’s cold and the games start to matter more. Another big test next week verse the titans baby. Lets get that 4-0"
dope
"It's frustrating watching this team throughout 3 games because it's there, the peak of what this team can be is shown in glimpses. Yet, throughout games, players on both sides of the field just have massive mental lapses or just straight up disrespect their opponent and make dumb decisions. I don't know who to blame but occasionally, our defensive backs especially, just approach teams or plays with condescension and it bites them in the ass with big plays and TDs.

I don't know who the Steelers are or who they are going to be this season but we are 3-0 so yay, I guess?"
Those second half adjustments. Wow.
Well well well.... here we go! Doing work and getting the W! Let's go Steelers!
"We looked like a true winning team today. Defense locked up in the 2nd half, offense scored on legit drives, and coaching had the balls to go for it to put it away. Great win!"
BIG BEN IS BACK!!!
Not sure what to make of this team but fuck it wayyyy better to be 3-0 than the 0-3 last year
Pre-season I had this one as a loss;  I'm *delighted* to be wrong!
Next game is going to be goood!
So the nfl is just done with offensive holding? I wish I could have recorded the game because I could make a pretty sizeable montage of TJ getting bear hugged.
"I don’t wanna exaggerate, but this may be by far the greatest team ever assembled."
I am DYING for Ray Ray to break one.  It has been too damn long since we had a special teams TD
"I’m just going to say it...minkah sucks, first game he was basically asleep, second game completely full of missed tackles and horrific penalties and this game Justin more blown coverage and never being in the right place. Yep I said it..I certainly hope things turn around for the secondary is making me really concerned"
""
"*mopping sweat* easy win, never had a doubt"
"3-0, here we go"
""
"Hell yeah, our offense looked damn good today. Glad he is alright."
"We are stacked at WR, but when aren't we as of late? Glad he's ok"
Heal up quick! Electric to watch.
"I think his loss was really rough for us on offense.

Ben seems to LOVE DJ. I think his injury had Ben looking for a new security blanket and it hurt us when things broke down without him out there.

But on special teams it's going to be a big boost for us. Ray Ray is a return beast and it will keep DJ healthier."
DJ took a serious shot.  Glad he's OK.
"Fucked my fantasy matchup this week, but whatever, I´m really glad he´s all right."
""
"It makes even more sense this way with how they had a lead going into half, then got murdered second half."
"Imagine having to play the Chiefs, Ravens and Steelers for your first 3 games"
The ravens should be the purple person and the chiefs should be red.
Houston just seems to shut down in the 2H of all their games! Way to go Steelers!!!
"""Look at Watson keeping the play going and not defaulting to a run but throwing it downfield""
,12 seconds later,
""... To Mike Hilton, but still, way to extend the play!"""
"They really couldn't pay Hopkins and Watson at the same time. B.O.B. doesn't execute roster plans well, but the concept of trading Hopkins was almost a given."
LETS GOOOOOOO!  Finally the announcer can stop point out that embarrassing statistic for the past multiple seasons.
Wow I didn’t even notice!! Lets go!!
Nah the announcers will just move on to the steelers have turned it over in x out of x+1 games lol.
We also kept our forced turnover streak going!
And two penalties I think
3-0 for the first time in 10 years? Love it!!!
Only took a team with 0 takeaways this season
SQUEE!
THE CURSE IS BROKEN!!!
The announcers were too busy talking about what the Watt brothers had for breakfast this morning. Pretty sure they weren’t even watching the game
"Our pass rush is phenomenal, and they definitely won us this game! I do wish Minkah and the secondary would make a bigger impact, however. They're not bad, but if they were like last year, we'd easily go 13-3 or better I think."
Kept takeaway lead going to boot!
Here we Go !
"I knew something felt different, awesome!"
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
The booth ripped him off of a rushing first down today.
I thought this said “hall of farmer QB” at first
lemme get a pic of dat stiff arm!!
Goat
The LONGEST tenured Steelers player EVER
His arm looks live as fuck. I am so glad I was wrong about him being finished.
The largest of Benjamins.
Still knocking the rust off. But 3-0! Once that deep ball timing comes back... woo!
o7
.....shut yo mouth......I'm just talkin bout Ben!
Did he get a nose job????
benjamin of ENORMOUS GIRTH
"I know they had the names, for BLM, but today from what I saw they all had a different quote. Is this also for BLM?"
I think it depends on the player.  Ben said its a statement of unity
I believe its names of black people that died wrongfully.  Some players are doing fallen soldiers as well
"It's showing unity throughout the NFL, victims of violence"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
It’s been a tough 2019-2020 season and to come back this year and go 3-0 is just a fucking blessing.  Lets go!!!
""
@ everyone who says our defense is trash 6 minutes into the game
We're getting home when it counts. Bud's pressure leading to the Heyward pick. Edmunds' sack last week. TJ with probably the most beautiful sack of his career a little bit ago. Wealth is spreading won't be long before Juju gets a sack ffs.
And this is why you don't come on Reddit during close or losing games. Or at all really unless it's past the two minute warning and we're up by 28 points. Any other scenario and it's a panic ridden nuclear meltdown where everyone should be fired or retire. Never fails.
Lmao we all know who this is at
"Fair weather fans. Every team has them, but all of ours have reddit accounts."
We have beat bad teams. We never beat bad teams! This year is looking up so far!
"Tbf our secondary has not looked very good through three games. Driskel and Daniel Jones both played well, considering they're both bottom 10 QBs, and we left guys open left and right in the first half. Tightened up in the second half but Mahomes would throw for 400 yards and 4 TDs with the way our secondary has played thus far."
LOL
"To be fair, I think all of the off/rehab time re-fired Ben's competitive engine a little, while letting him get into pretty great shape. 

He's looked less rusty so far earlier in the season than in recent years."
"Multiple things can be true at once. Ben needing to retire is foolish and firing the coaches seems excessive. 

But the secondary *was* awful today generally speaking and hasn't looked great this season overall. Fichtner is a mediocre play-caller at best and actively hurts the offense at his worst - it's no coincidence that some of our best offensive possessions come in the hurry-up when Ben is calling plays himself. Butler is tougher to assign blame to since the secondary isn't executing his playcalls.

And yes, despite that we're still undefeated. And despite being undefeated, those problems exist."
Isn't every team sub this way?
Fichtner sucks and you can’t convince me otherwise
Guilty 😂
We shut out the second half and got five sacks.
"It’s a great start and we’ve had moments of brilliance BUT i am not digging minkah F...no big plays, lots of blown coverage, bad penalties (last week), and Watson completely targeted center field all game..hope he wakes up"
"The teams we beat are a combined 0-9, let's not get ahead of ourselves. We won't know where the team really is until we play the Ravens."
"the secondary is playing terrible.  
danny smith has needed to go for five years.  
fichtner does suck.   
butler does make a lot of bonehead choices.   


where's the lie?"
"I am definitely in the first, second and fourth point. Ben is still in preseason mode. I’ll never judge that hall of famer."
I’ll go to the grave saying fire Randy
"It was refreshing to see opposite world.  Usually the team comes out blasting in the first half, coasts through the second half, and barely squeaks out the win.

As opposed to looking blah the first half, and slowly but surely imposing our will on a bad team up until the end.  Finishing strong was a nice change of pace."
"This game taught me two things.  Fichtner is like okay to decent as an OC, but butler needs gone."
""
First time for Ben since 2004. In a way.
Go Steelybois!
[deleted]
""
"Very interesting graph.  I feel like the Steelers really got the toughest Texans effort against them as well, since they're in must-win territory right now.  That's a rough schedule to start the season for Houston."
Beautiful
I don’t want to hear any more shit about how we aren’t as good as the rats and Chiefs.
These are really the big 3 in the AFC.  Those Ravens games are going to be huge.
"This, this is what I like to see."
We're good at foosball!
"Texans also having played both of the other games from behind, throwing a lot more and getting some garbage time yards."
I am definitely not a pessimist but how much of this was garbage time during the Ravens/Chiefs games?
This is amazing
great graph
Shouldnt this include points and points allowed?
If we had better clock management in the first half we would've won by 14
The ravens games are going to be insane
They so need to beat Dallas to keep my local buddies quiet.
This graph is awesome. Thanks!
"Saving this one to win some arguments, thanks"
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU IGNORING THE STRENGTH OF THE TEAM FOR ZONE? “Yeah we were great in man coverage last year. Let’s fucking abandon it. So smart.” The Front 4 has been carrying the defense because Butler has apparently gone senile. The secondary has been getting picked apart for 3 games now because we’re not a zone team
"You play zone so when Watson takes off, you’re not caught with everybody with their backs turned."
"A) I don't think he's been calling the D the last couple years.

B) You want to mix in zone because man will without fail break down the way Watson keeps plays alive."
Lmao like clockwork
"I agree I wanted to see a little bit more man but against a guy like Watson, man means he’s gonna be able to scramble because the defenders are downfield with their receivers"
"Ignorance is bliss.

Man, I wish I could ignore matchups, game flow, and personnel groupings and just say “hurr durr zone bad because man was good”"
Keith Butler > HillbillyHaven
Cause he has the confidence that he can do what the fuck he wants.
My favorite part of the game is when they put Vince Williams on Brandon Cooks.
Also hilton got beat in man for the TD
"I'm curious to see this guys post after we win a super bowl.  ""It's great we won and all but it's pretty ridiculous that we haven't fired everyone yet."""
Accurate af.  Butler has no idea what he's doing in the first half
They should have run man on the play where Hilton got the interception. They could have done better than allowing 0 points in the second half
Do you ever actually enjoy when the Steelers win? Or do you to have find something to bitch about to make you happy?
""
"Hey there. Hope everything is okay with the little fan. I see an NG tube in their nose. My little guy was in the hospital for the first 3 weeks of his life, surgery at 5 days old. He needed a feeding tube for the first two weeks. Kicking ass now. :)"
Wonderful! Congrats. Here We Go Young Steeler fan!
""
A repost but truly the brightest star on our team
This guy is in the top 3 of next jersey purchase... total Master of position.
Be still my heart
"I don't use the term ""Man crush"" very often but..."
"JJ Watt today: 1 tackle, no sacks, no real pressures from what I recall. 

After what Chuks has shown the last couple of weeks and how well Dotson played in his first start last week, you have to feel good about the future of the o-line. It can be extremely tough transitioning when you've got a veteran o-line that starts aging out, but Dotson looks like a bonafide stud and Chuks has looked as solid as it comes on the right side. Okorafor's footwork really looks refined as opposed to when he was coming out of school. There was a lot of hand wringing when Chuks was drafted but he is showing he belongs in this league. You love to see it."
I could've swore I saw Hawkins jumping in there but idk if it's for the extra lineman package. Looked good.
"I also am a fan of the changes that have been made with the OL.  I was really worried they were going to be a weak link for us, but they are doing a very good job all things considered.  It's not an easy thing to do with so many changes happening all at once."
So good to know that our OL struggles were just because teams were always stacking the box on us. I forgot who the new OL coach is but good work by him
He had 4 tackles... 1 solo... just an fyi
I believe Al walks this off-season allowing to Chuks slide to LT with Banner coming back to play RT for us. If we don't resign Feiler I can see Dotson being our guy at LG too.
Man if they could go into the 2021 draft only needing to add a LT on the first two days that would be really big given the number of folks who are fitting to walk this off season.
"One of their sacks wasn't credited to him, but he was in the pile bringing Ben down. And I think he closed the escape lane. 

Otherwise, our o line has been very impressive. I had my doubts during pre season"
"Claypool, Highsmith, McFarland, Dotson (and Pierre to a lesser extent for being UDFA making the roster)

It looks this might be a legendary draft by the Steelers at this point. 

#And we didn't have a first round pick."
"Let’s see the potential on paper turn into consistent production on the field first.

The rookies have shown enough to get excited but it’s still way too early to call the draft legendary. 

Our 2017 is closer to the “legendary” status but at this point next year, it’s entirely possible the only guy left with us will be Watt."
"Alright simmer down dude. 

Claypool looks like a solid WR2 which is cool. 

McFarland is a complementary back, not an every down back. 

Dotson was a solid pickup for sure but legendary?


EDIT: you know what, I’m sorry dude. Get hype. Fuck yea Steelers! Let’s fucking goooo! 

I’m a drunk asshole."
"Fantastic class for sure so far but I just don’t know if legendary is the right word.

Although I think we might come away with a top 5 class without a first round pick."
""
"I’m convinced Ben is why we seem to be a WR factory. 

He does so many little things you don’t notice. Like going back to Washington immediately after a bad drop to get confidence back, etc. 

Dude is a leader."
"Okorafor was tasked with going 1-on-1 with J.J. Watt for most of the afternoon and he did well.

Watt's stats: 4 total tackles (1 solo), 0 sacks, 0 TFL's, 0 passes defended, and 0 QB hits.

The Steelers were also able to run his way plenty during the game with positive yardage. 

***

posted by [@CoachMetkler](https://twitter.com/CoachMetkler)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Dotson had pretty much a perfect game last week... Now Chucks nearly shutting down a future HoF... I thought our Oline was going to go south after Munchak left.
"JJ is no longer the force he once was.  That said, the O-line has helped produce 3 100 yard rusher in 3 games"
he isnt exactly getting much help from the people around him.
[deleted]
Wrong sub buddy
"I like the texans, but it was us or them today. I don't feel sorry. 

But I do wish to see them get some wins this year. Bill Obrien is a shit cunt"
"Yeah, B.O.B. was a marginally good O.C., but somehow the Texans ownership elevated him to not only HC, but also GM.  He's god awful at those things."
Houston = Oilers= garbage= never sorry
"I actually told my Man... “Texans QB looks GOOD...”

Psh... whatever."
""
your cat is super adorable
Steelers kitty🐱 😎
"Not heating enough appreciation for the guy.  Maybe he hasn’t taken one for a touchdown, but he has yet to have a return that didn’t impress me and I’m sure we got a return TD coming soon"
I like him staying at PR and KR as long as he doesn't muff punts and call a fair catch inside the 10 yard line.
Does anyone have a video of that return where he must shook off the tackle and ran for like 12 yards?
So far I’m impressed by him. Definitely an upgrade over Switz
"A competent return team is a big bonus to have.  It can help turning Losses to Wins as it takes a bit of pressure off both the defense and the offense.

With our kicker back on track to being well above average and our new punter being an alleged improvement our special teams are now better"
I'm super impressed with his contact balance for being as fast as he is. I'm use to our guys just falling over haha
He's definitely going to break one soon. I feel like he's the most dynamic returner we've had in a while
Ray Ray has a CHRONIC fumbling/muffing problem as a PR in college. I've just happy he catches the ball anything he does afterwards is icing on the cake.
"Love this post, ray ray is fucking quick man. Cant wait till he brings one back. Going to miss Dionte a little because he was exciting returning punts but I think ray ray is solid"
I'm extremely apprehensive to hop on the Ray train. What are the odds he's gotten over his fumbling issues he's had his entire career? Seems pretty slim. But I'm warming up.
""
This is the kind of offense I like.  How can a defense pick someone and stop them like we did Saquon if any weapon on the field can be the one being used?
Can I get an F for starting DJ as my WR1 in fantasy with Davante Adams out?
I’m glad to see Ben is starting to connect with Ebron.  He’s the best tight end we’ve had since Heath retired.
This is the way.
You can't cover everybody all the time
"I like this approach more than force feeding every ball to AB, which results in some amazing plays but also creates turnovers. Plus when you have an offense that utilizes all its weapons, a loss of one or two players don't make a huge difference. If you form a habit of relying on one receiver, his absence is felt instantly."
""
""
[deleted]
How is that schizophrenia?
""
That's random but funny
Next year JJ comes and joins his brother
JJ is my favorite player. Sad the Texans are not looking too great.
Pittsburgh is just far enough west to get the Midwest nice
Is this in Ambridge?
My favorite was a Texans fan chiming into the postgame thread saying “thank you for contributing to the Fire Bill O’Brien fund.”
TJ watt boyeeee
Cool kid!
Eat ‘n’ park?
LoL.  I’m Steelers fan living just outside Dallas.
"So, no one there was wearing a Derek jersey?"
I'm actually the opposite- a steelers fan living in houston. I went to the game 2 years ago and loved it.
We’re grow some of the best Cump...
[removed]
""
"We’re 3 stepping here...


[Old mans record...](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wTVW_P0wou4)"
"Big props to the guys up front. Going into the season I was worried about depth and lack of experience, and that became even more worrying after Banner and Wisniewski went down. Love the next man up mentality and happy to see some quality play from Chuks and Dotson. Loved seeing DeCastro back as well. 3 consecutive games with a 100 yard rusher!"
""
"These 10 a.m. games KILL!!!
🤕🤕🤕"
""
"Refreshing switcheroo from last year when we were 0-3 against teams with a combined record of 8-1

ETA: next week we play the Titans who are 3-0 against teams with a combined record of 1-8, and they've won their 3 games by a combined total of 6 points (IMO Texans might be better than the Titans, but we'll see)."
Can’t overstate this fact enough. But it was good to see the defense play and win against a truly elite QB such as Watson.
Let’s also not look past the fact that 3 of the 9 losses are from us lol
Am I the only one who didn’t think the Texans looked that bad
All of those teams played teams that are currently 2-1 or 3-0 soooooo
Can we just enjoy a win
The fact the we’ve beaten 3 0-3 teams in a row is almost more impressive than beating 3 3-0 teams. We have a history of playing down to our competition and losing to bad teams.
"*chuckles
I’m in danger."
Buzzkill.
Yes but last year we might have beat the 9ers and the Seahawks if we had Ben play. Also our defense was no where near its peak. But I understand your point still. We should beat the Titans if we are a truly good team.
"Yes, but we register one third of those losses as well. Too small of a sample size."
all hail the schedule maker
""
That is impressive.  Means a lot too that banner beat him for the job.  Maybe we have both of our tackles if Villanueva leaves.
"If Chuks, Dotson and Banner can all be quality starters that will be huge. The oline was getting old and we needed some young guys."
Chuks looked good today
JJ Watt playing for almost a decade and only playing 98 games really puts into perspective how much he’s been injured in his career.
"Is it pronounced ""Chucks"" or ""Chooks""?"
"Chris Carter hosts Locked On Steelers Podcast. It’s a daily podcast that goes over the Steelers, obviously. The episodes aren’t very long but this guy is pretty knowledgeable and knows his X’s and O’s"
Great stat! Thanks
""
It's a dog? Okay?
""
Looks delicious
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"Teams are not throwing at Fitzpatrick and Bush has done excellent in coverage.  Both guys are due for a big play.  Let’s face facts, our team is loaded with talent on the defensive side of the ball.  We’ll be patiently waiting."
"Bush made a ton of huge plays today what are you talking about.

Was responsible for a sack, had a huge TFL, and the biggest PBU of the game.

Not hearing Minkah means he’s doing his job."
"Edmunds is the weak link on our defense, opposing teams attack his side more than Minkah just for that reason. We ALWAYS notice Edmunds getting beat or running behind because offenses target him a lot, not Minkah. If we’re not hearing Minkah being mentioned for a turnover then it’s a good thing from a safety. Pittsburgh hasn’t given him the freedom they gave Troy to roam around just yet, so there’s only so much he can do but lock up his side of the field. The front 7 isn’t letting guys get by them, which is a good thing, so he can’t make too many tackles or force fumbles. 

This happened the second half of last season too, teams started going away from him, and his playmaking slowed down. When Sean davis was playing that position we still heard his name on a weekly basis lol, not in a good way neither. So I’m fine with Minkah keeping his side of the field quiet. I’m sure Pittsburgh will unleash him as the weeks go by, and some teams will take more chances near him. Give it some time."
I always think it's a good thing to not hear Minkah's name. If you never hear his name then he's clearly not committing dumb penalties or getting burnt like Nelson and Hilton did today. Plus don't you think opposing teams watch film every week and try to avoid him? I really don't know for sure if Minkah is playing well or not.
"So when Bush lead the team in tackles and passes defended through two weeks, that wasn't enough?"
Bush has been incredible in the past few weeks. Fitzpatrick has been pretty mediocre in my opinion but that may be because they are not saying his name as much
They don't call your name when. The other team doesn't look your way.
"Nah you’re not watching close enough. They are still making plenty of plays and not everything they do to contribute shows up on a stat line. 

Plus our DLine is so good lots of plays don’t even make it to the second or third level."
Bush has played well. Minkah hasn’t really been beat badly... but yeah he’s not making any splash plays at the moment
You don't understand what you're watching.  Stop having opinions about it.
"Nah. 

Shutout second HALF. We’re fine."
It’s also notable (while not in the same position but something to consider) that Bud DuPree is playing for a contract. So he’s drawing a lot of attention. If he can continue at 75+% of week 1… we’re looking good.
3-0
Uggghhh...... Do you actually have any braincells left?
"My argument here is that defenses rely heavily on the 4 preseason games to work out communication and scheme. Since they didn’t have that e are all watching preseason defense expecting more.  They will gel, but I am definitely frustrated like other fans."
"You’re not allowed to talk negatively about Fitzpatrick here.

All’s I’ll say is he was much better this week, but absolutely deserved to be called out for his performance last week."
""
"lmaooooo this guy just sits in his basement furiously typing at fans of his own team ""BUT ZONE DOESN'T WORK RAH RAH RAH"" when he doesn't acknowledge that our DBs got beat 1 on 1, too"
So answer me this bud. Would you wanna play man coverage and had all dbs backs turned to the qb who is a very real threat on the ground OR give up a few passes here and there by playing zone and keeping him contained.
Unpopular opinion but I agree. I understand trying to stop the Texans run but a lot of prevent like defense today. Didn’t mix the man blitz in as much until the second half
"I assume we all agree that you *have* to use  Zone, you can't play 100% man.

The question then is what's the right amount of zone. It does feel like we're using it too much, but I don't have any numbers to back that up. We've also been blitzing like crazy -- zone coverage supports blitzing, and allows for more creative/confusing blitzes. Does any website track zone vs man coverage snaps?

Also can you explain how dany/a has literally anything to do with this discussion?"
It's weird that the team probably knows this already. Tomlin actually said today that they played zone so that more guys could have eyes on Watson because of his running ability...
"Get off this sub, you aren't welcome here. Stay in your basement rooting for the Steelers alone, but you really are the worst of this fanbase. Leave the play-calling to the professionals. We won and that's all that matters. There's always justification behind their decisions."
Stairway to 7 confirmed
What is Ben's jersey number
Ben should go to the casino with those numbers
If the prophecy is true it can only mean one thing... a 7th super bowl
Uh... guys. Does this mean what I think it means?
"If 666 is for the beast, 777 must be for the GOAT"
The prophecy has been fortold!!
"That arm is bionic.

All clips of Ben from now on must have the bionic Man sound effect when he throws"
I like...
It's 7s all the way down
See what happens when you quit porn and booze?
Calculated
"I have a question as a non Steelers fan.

When do you folks see Ben hanging it up?

Also, do you see yourself moving to draft a QB or sign someone who is being thrown around the league (like a Winston, Foles, maybe Darnold) type player and give them weapons to be successful?"
""
">spotted in Mexico

Damn the Steelers are awesome"
"The ""People's Car.""  Can't argue with the owner of this one, but do believe keeping things original is the way to go."
"The Steelers are 3-0 right now. Combined, the NFC East is 2-9-1, with the Cowgirls and Football Team having 1 win a piece, and the Pidgeons having a tie. I'm so happy we played the NFC West last season and the NFC East this season instead."
And the NFC east has more wins the teams we’ve played combined lol
""
"Ben and Dan both have 147 wins.  Marino has 22 more losses.

If Ben wins 2 more, he'll be alone at #5 all time in wins."
einhorn is a man guy?
"The Pittsburgh runs strong through both these men, and both score very high on the big galoot scale."
"Seems like people just don’t want to admit this guy is pretty good. Why? I don’t know. Yet another 100 yard game for him, and for a second game in a row he pretty much sealed the game in the 4th quarter. 

James Conner has eight 100 yard games in his career. The Steelers are 7-0-1 in those games. James Conner is one of only 3 Steelers since 2010 to have back to back 100 yard games."
"I think most people like him as a RB. The problem is his durability. He needs to make it through this season, to begin to change the perception."
"He’s a very good back who can’t stay healthy. I loved what we did today, with all 4 RBs getting snaps. I think a guy like Conner will benefit greatly from that kind of offense. He has the talent, but he just doesn’t have the durability for a workhorse role."
"I don’t think it’s that people are afraid to admit he’s good. I think the bigger issue is, we all KNOW he’s good, but his fragility is keeping us from getting our hopes up. 

I want the guy to go Adrian Peterson bananas!!! I also want him to play all sixteen games."
"He's a good back, but he struggles to remain healthy week to week. Luckily he beat cancer though. I love the guy as a Steelers fan, but I wasn't going to draft him"
"He’s a great RB and a beast, but he can’t stay healthy. I love the man, but we probably won’t re-sign him"
"As others have alluded to Conner is a fine player, he is just very fragile. The frustration is largely about his durability."
"I like the current distribution of the RB's.  Give Conner about 15 carries, split up the rest, don't be afraid to go with the hot hand."
"He’s not great, but he is good. The late game big runs had two pulling lineman creating wide open lanes for him. From what I saw, he only broke 1 tackle, maybe 2 tackles. He is a good blocker and one-cut runner, but is not great at anything.  I will say that he surprised me at the end of the game today with his improved aggressiveness and ball security. 

I also have no problem if he proves me wrong."
"I love the guy, great player when healthy. Just can’t rationalize paying him with his injury history and when his backups have come in and we haven’t missed a beat."
"He's gaining traction again. But let's stick to the committee hopefully. Fresh backs to wear on defenses and keep them honest up front. Then good luck figuring out our go to weapon for Ben. I mean really, who the hell is it? That's a good thing to not know."
It's our fan base they focus on two or three plays he does poorly on and that's the only thing they ever remember
We can't pay a guy with his injury history $12 million a year. The best ability is availability. RB is the most replaceable position in the league.
He is much better running outside than between the tackles. That's really the secret to his big game yesterday.
"What? Nobody ever said he wasn’t good. Not sure if you’ve watched previous seasons, but he’s missed 16 games in 3 years. He’s good but injury prone. This is very much an “entry level” post lolol"
"Very talented, will get hurt tho"
"He’s a good back, would I be upset if we got someone who is more of a every down back. Not at all. He’s good, but honestly people hype him up too much."
"Conner's issue is a two parter.

1.) Our offensive play calling often is predictable as hell and we get stuck in run, run, pass ruts where any defense worth their salt will quickly pick up on it and shut the run down ready for the air game. Doesn't matter who you hand it off to in that case a vast majority of running backs in the league are getting very little. 

2.) Conner has had some injuries and after last season repeatedly coming back when he wasn't 100% and trying to play through injuries because the playoffs were on the line didn't do him any favors. Couple that up with a ankle sprain to start the season and suddenly he's incredibly fragile and has durability issues nevermind all the other season ending injuries happening around the league and since his return he's been productive.

People know Conner is good we just lack consistency on offense right now. Defense is jiving and the offense falls flat. Drives start off strong then fall into predictable patterns. One quarter we're getting nothing on the run game, the next we're chipping them for 5-7 yards a go. 

We get our offensive hiccups ironed out and improve our playcalling so it doesn't feel like Randy is just pulling from his top 10 most recent plays and has no clue he could back out of that menu and see a whole host of formations, play types, and more things will be looking a lot brighter. 

Right now we're doing enough to win the day and that's about it. It's been over a season since we've handily won a game too. That definitely adds to the nerves and doubts."
Who is saying he isn’t good? What people are saying is that he isn’t durable or reliable. Both of which are true.
""
"If we at least one per game for the rest of the season, the record is OURS!"
It was 4th longest according to the TV graphic.
""
CuT cOnNeR
Spoiled asses.  Go follow the Jets for a few weeks and tell me how bad my team / players / coaches are.
"people think that every failed drive is the sky falling, and it's because they only watch the steelers"
"I'm all for bitching and whining about the in-game performance, but calling for people to be fired when we're currently sitting at 3-0 is the most embarrassing shit I've ever seen."
I’ve read every post on this subreddit for over a year and a half now. When I first started coming around I was in every game thread. They’re so fucking toxic I had to stop after like week 3 last year.
Guys we could be like the Falcons. I swear this fanbase can be spoiles beyond belief
"Outside of the Steelers, isn’t Tomlin considered one of the best?"
"Is it just me not looking in the thread most games, or was this one particularly bad? I got depressed reading them nearly the second I looked sometime in the second quarter."
The game threads are straight up toxic lol lotta people in here who think the game ends in the 1st quarter when in reality we still got 45 minutes left to play
"Ha! I'm one of those but it's really fun, we all comment stupid shit in the heat of the moment. And really no one curses when the defense allows a big play or when the offense goes 3 and out?"
"Let me preface by saying that I never call for any firing, and I’m 100% a Tomlin supporter, but seeing other Steelers fans pissed off when we’re losing 14-3 kinda acts as a coping mechanism for me, it’s almost soothing 😂"
But we’re cool with Fichtner?
I haven't seen theae for a while though
the only 1 of those 4 I saw was about the first half defense and i don't think they would tell you they had a good first half.
"I'm not sure what people are expecting from a game day thread. Of course it's going to be a shit show. People get emotional about this team and this game and when it doesn't go perfect, they're going to lose their minds in the game day thread. It's just mindless venting people, relax, let people blow off steam and scream through their keyboards. They're not hurting anybody."
Would it be considered doxxing if there was a weekly post-game thread all about links to the people who comment things like this in the game thread?
It’s the most toxic thread on reddit
