text
""
"Better be the pubic kind, i don't want no eating crabs."
"Ah yes, the classic Sunday /r/Steelers boomer meme"
[Don’t eat the crab dip. ](https://images.app.goo.gl/tgkRLpqTQpEEXuWz9)
""
That's sweet. Never seen this one. Where did you acquire?
I have like 40 different towels but not this one.  Good find.
"Pro tip for anyone with a large Terrible Towel collection. Get yourself a towel rack with a thin bar. Buy a bunch of curtain rings with the pressure clip on them. Voila, cheap and cool looking way to display all of your towels."
"Boys i need your help. I swear i thought i heard the game was moved to 4:30 eastern time, but google still saying 1:00. I needed to know what time to get home by. Thanks."
"So having watched the history video, wouldn't it be fantastic for the Steelers organization to make an app for fans attending road games to have a synchronized, team managed ""official"" playing of Renegade over everyone's phones!? Obviously it wouldn't likely be heard on the sideline, but the road fans would be going crazy together at the appropriate time, and would certainly be singing together loud enough to be heard."
"This is very cool. 

Just, uh, make sure it's ready for action in 4 hours"
"This is awesome, this will probably be the Towel I get my dad for Christmas this year(the last few years I've started a tradition of getting him a special themed one for each gift-giving occasion)."
"I want to be the very best, like no one ever was..."
Amazing! Finally know what I can get my dad for Christmas! Thanks for sharing!
Game is at 1pm
I got this towel last year when I realized the terrible towel that I had was one meant for kids. I guess it makes sense since I did have it since I was a kid.
Got the 2005 Polamalu jersey on today.  Trying to channel the Polamalu Power.
I saw this towel sometime last year and knew I had to have it.
"Can someone please explain the hype behind renegade? I get that its 42 years old, but we could just as easily just play some good ol fashioned ragtime music if we were going for age."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
uh oh.. banned?!
[removed]
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Mason. He tried to knock Mason in the head, not Duck"
It was mason he bonked
"A.) He hit Mason Rudolph. Not Duck.

B.) Why do you care what coverage other teams get?

C.) He's still one hell of a talent who got a huge contract and is a key piece for the Browns while putting up great numbers.

D.) Let's move the fuck on already.

Edit: Alright since /u/johntron3000 deleted his dumb ass comment I'll do this here.


> Yeah I mean ray rice was a hell of a talent too and a key piece of the Ravens, he did the exact same thing Myles did just off the field. So why didn’t everyone move on?? Your argument is stupid and you’re negating the fact he tried ruining Rudolph’s life by suing him because he wanted to save his open ass and claimed he was called the n word. - johntron3000

Alright let's do this then. 

Garrett had a fight during a game where he hit Rudolph in the head with his own helmet. The whole thing was televised live and every moment captured on footage to be reviewed a million times by a billion people. He was ejected from the game and suspended for the rest of the season. 

He made his claims about why but nothing ever backed it up and he dropped his lawsuit. Even Rudolph has stated he wants to move on and put this shit behind him.

And you want to compare that to Ray Rice beating his girlfriend unconscious by punching her repeatedly in the head and then getting caught on hotel security cameras dragging her knocked out body back to the room in an attempt to cover it up only to get caught and charged with assault which he lost in court only to luck out with criminal charges being dropped because the dumb ass girlfriend went ahead and married him then he turned around and sued the Ravens who had to settle out of court in a wrongful termination suit where the settlement hasn't been disclosed but it's widely believed he got pretty much everything he was asking for?

These aren't even remotely close to similar issues and you're a fucking clod if you think they are. One is a domestic violence case that was taken to court and then other was a fight during a game.

No shit people moved on from the girlfriend beating asshole who tried to cover it up but still talk about the guy who had a nasty fight during a game.

It's 2020. Get the fuck over it holy fuck."
"Why are you paying for the Browns rent in your brain? Who gives a fuck what ""social media accounts"" have to say about football players."
Probably because he plays football and is very good at it
""
I think at the end of the day we all knew this was coming. I’m just really happy he’s able to walk and be able to be a father to his kids. Would love to have him in some type of coaching role in the future (if he isn’t already in one)
It’s a shame his football career got cut short but all in all it’s just fantastic that he was able to recover the way he did and get back to a rather normal life.
"and the Start of a Coaching Career.  

Am I right ?"
"In the end, I'm just glad he was able to walk. He had an incredible career, and though cut short, I hope he can be a coach or pursue something else in the future.

I just wish he could've kept playing, cause he was a HoFamer hands down"
"I’d love to see him become our defensive coordinator. 

Has he even been at a game this year? I either haven’t seen him or they haven’t put a camera on him."
"Since Lamar Jackson was named starter, the Ravens are 22-0 when they lead at halftime and 0-6 when they trail at the half. Hopefully our offense can get going early."
I don’t have any doubt that our offense will come out swinging. Baltimore’s stadium is far less intimidating without the crowd behind them. Our D containing Jackson is what I’m most worried about. Make him throw from the pocket and we should win this game handily.
"well we never play a complete 4 quarter game...so they need to compete all game, no just certain quarters"
Pic 6
22-1
""
"God damn, Hilton"
"Damn Hilton and Gilbert are gonna hurt. But that’s just the nature of football, at least we’ve avoided any major injuries besides Bush. Steelers 67 Ravens 3"
This is two straight weeks for Hilton. Do we have any idea what is wrong?
"Oh man, so we're probably gonna see a lot of Allen at LB today? Can't imagine we want Spillane or Vince trying to spy Lamar. Maybe have Edmunds drop lower into the box? Gonna be an interesting situation to monitor that's for sure. 

No Dangerfield or Hilton is a major bummer, especially Hilton. I am big sad."
"Big picture, gotta have Hilton healed up and ready for the rest of the run. If he's not good to go, rest it and see where he's at. Dallas SHOULD be a pushover so he could potentially chill for another few weeks."
Watt active?
"Called it that Hilton wouldn't be playing that was what Sutton was saying 'stay tuned' about on Instagram. 

Hilton and Gilbert both being out are gonna reduce the effectiveness of our ability to blitz and consistently bring pressure on the quarterback. Keeping Jackson contained is going to be much more difficult but I still think we've got the defense to get it done. 

Thankfully the schedule gets easier after this but we got a long ways to go until we get a week off and even then we gotta earn it."
Hilton :( fuck me man
Hilton is kind of interesting because he practiced and traveled with the team.
imo people need to chill about hilton and find comfort in sutton. He's a lot better than he gets credit for
"I feel like not enough people are mad about Dangerfield.  Their returner has already taken one for a TD, and with Watt banged up and Dangerfield our we’re gonna have some problems on special teams. 

Let’s hope Bos can kick it out the back and  Trey Edmunds can help fill the hole."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Nice!  I'm pumped.  Also just got a 3 day ban from /NFL for asking if anybody knew how to find out who was calling the games on CBS, haha.  Fucking Reddit cracks me up, sometimes."
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Baltimore Ravens

M&T Bank Stadium- Baltimore, MD

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:05

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers|7|0|14|7|28|
|Ravens|7|10|0|7|24|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|TD|1|(14:14) (Shotgun) L.Jackson pass short middle intended for J.Proche INTERCEPTED by R.Spillane [T.Watt] at BAL 33. R.Spillane for 33 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|1|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|BAL|TD|1|(8:48) (Shotgun) L.Jackson pass short left to M.Boykin for 6 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|BAL|PAT|1|J.Tucker extra point is GOOD, Center-M.Cox, Holder-S.Koch.|
|BAL|TD|2|(7:28) B.Powers reported in as eligible.  G.Edwards left tackle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|BAL|PAT|2|J.Tucker extra point is GOOD, Center-M.Cox, Holder-S.Koch.|
|BAL|FG|2|(:03) J.Tucker 51 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-M.Cox, Holder-S.Koch.|
|PIT|TD|3|(13:27) (No Huddle, Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to E.Ebron for 18 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|3|(5:41) J.Conner left guard for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|BAL|TD|4|(12:00) (Shotgun) L.Jackson pass short middle to M.Brown for 3 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|BAL|PAT|4|J.Tucker extra point is GOOD, Center-M.Cox, Holder-S.Koch.|
|PIT|TD|4|(7:32) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to C.Claypool for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 3 | 30 | 48 | 173 | 19 |
| Ravens | 9 | 110 | 265 | 192 | 25 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jmac4u/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_baltimore/)
I haven't worn a jersey all season. We're undefeated so my jerseys will stay in the closet.
"As is tradition, I’m making chicken wings for any game vs a bird-based opponent"
Anyone else noticing that bud and tj are specifically seeking Jackson even when he doesn’t have the ball? Wearing him out and giving him pressure I presume
Am I the only one with crippling anxiety right now?!
Not even sure we can blame the defense. They've got to be tired being on the field for so long. This is all on the offense.
Steelers fan is going to become a preexisting medical condition
TJ really stopped a read option designed to confuse and stop him specifically
It looked like claypool got it back
Stop with the Heyward shit. That’s a legal fucking hit.
Offense needs to get a long drive so I D can rest. We’re lucky it’s only 14-7 honestly
"The Steelers are just doing the opposite of last week, play bad the first half then demolish the 2nd half"
"The fact of the matter is, boys, if we don't score more points than the rat birds, we lose."
"Considering how out-of-sorts we've looked today, being down 3 points is not all that bad."
So next time we want to ice the kickers let's just send 12 on the field? Lol what the fuck is that rule
"Well they really need to address that rule. Can you imagine if Boswell missed the second kick, Steelers lose by one, because the ravens penalty took an extra point off the board? You know that’s coming at some point, right? Has to. Everything that can happen in the NFL eventually does!"
"Dont worry guys, I saw you a minute ago hating our 6-0 team cause of an ugly half."
I'm so pissed this drive should be over
Ebron fell for 5 minutes lmao
Watt is honestly the most incredible player for us. Kid is a generational talent and I daresay will have a better career than his brother
Motherfuckers I have GERD this shit is not good for me!!!
GG STEELERS YALL OUTPLAYED US FAIR AND SQUARE SEE YA ON THANKSGIVING 😭😭😭😭
He was still fucking in bounds! Are you fucking kidding me?!
I picked a bad day to give up sniffing glue...
"These gameday threads are something else. 

Claypool has been nothing but solid game after game and now everyone is calling him a bum rookie for one forced fumble."
"Berry's first punt - fucking cut him 

Second punt - meh

Third - fucking Aussie Legend"
"Why do people insist that one half of football means more than 6 whole games? I’ve seen multiple people say clearly that us and the Titans just aren’t the real deal because look at their first halves today! Oh but let’s just dismiss the first six games because they’ve only played one or two good teams, blah blah blah. Teams don’t play 100% their best in every half. Even if we lose this game does not mean that we are worthless or that our season is over. We have to lose eventually. If we lose to a 5-1 Ravens team in Baltimore after they had a bye week and are fresh and we had a physical game against another undefeated team the previous week, so be it. It’s not the end all, be all. Even if we lose this game we still can split if we take the game in Pitt."
"I don’t get it. They should just count the point and keep it pushing. If we missed that extra point, we’d get punished for their penalty"
That’s gotta be something that is re-evaluated as a rule. How can you basically ice the kicker without calling a timeout by putting extra players on the field.
Literally beating ourselves right now.
Ravens are legitimately gonna have 400 yards rushing from the same 5 plays
[deleted]
"I should go take dumps more often  
  
a pick AND a td?"
[deleted]
Watt gets held like a motherfucker and the refs never call it man smfh
"""No foul on the play. The QB was Ben and not Lamar last year."""
"Time for another three hour heart attack

GO STEELERS"
What the fuck?! He was in bounds. This is such horseshit. Fucking Vegas called
the ravens calling tj watt dirty for that lmao
Lol Watt yelling at Butler
Missing 3 DPIs on the same play by the same player is kind of impressive.
Lmao idc it took forever gives our D more rest
Spillane has been all over the ball today. Really like what we’re seeing from him
My Ravens friend is complaining about the refs as if their corners haven’t been hanging on for dear life like a clingy girlfriend
Guys it’s the first quarter please WE ALL REACTED THIS WAY AGAINST THE GIANTS AND TEXANS RELAX
Did we just beat the Ravens to go 7-0?!? Incredible.
"Real talk, I hope he's ok. Never wanna see anyone go down."
how the hell are we still in the first quarter lmao
If I see another motherfucker say Rudolph...
Damn tj yelling at butler
Think on this. The Steelers have gone an entire NFL game without scoring a TD.
"Ben literally has 4 completions at half like, what the hell?"
Clear DPI that they’ve called against us every single week
"have to rekick due to ravens fuck-up? Yeah, that's fair. Good rule right there."
Thank god we have a magic receiver tree in Pittsburgh that we can just pluck from when we need a new one
"CHASE, YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN, YOU.

I mean, uh.

Go Steelers."
"you may think we had a sloppy half, but the ravens have 110 penalty yards and 2 picks... they’re their own worst enemy"
"Ah, leave it to Baltimore to boo the injured"
Baltimore has the trashiest residents
What was Romo referring to when Harbough pointed to his head?
It's time for some SPLILLANING
REFBALL WHAT THE FUCK
Hes still in bounds
Oh my fucking god a penalty for tackling
They changed the unnecessary roughness penalty from Minkah to Heyward. So don’t hate on Minkah.
"Just sucks that the Steelers biggest offensive crutch is they literally always start off slow, we need them primed NOW"
So many fucking commercials lol
Holy shit 3 turnovers already!?! This is going to be quite the rollercoaster of a game.
THATS the reason why we pushed him out of bounds
"When he does that tip toe shit and they call BS roughing calls when a guy pushes him out

what is it that you can do?"
I love going to the ravens thread and seeing how Watt completely meant to do that because he's a dirty player
That was literally an accident. Nothing dirty. I am sorry he's hurt
I like how the defense is yelling at each other but the offense seems totally OK with shitting their pants.
LMFAO THAT BALTIMORE CULTURE
I'm just going to pretend that this is a reverse of the Titans game.
Why do people call Lamar Jackson likeable? I fucking hate that dude.
Offense needs to wake the fuck up. Defense can’t stay on the field all game
Not having Alualu in the middle is really hurting us. So many of their runs have gone straight up the middle.
"Ignoring the dumb shit pessimists here... there were like a dozen plays that half which clearly showed they had an extra week to prepare. This is Steelers Ravens baby. Hard to win at their place. Theres no cute stats in these games. We are down 10, get the ball, and had played an atrocious 1st half offensively. We score any points out of half we make them nervous. Let's go!"
These refs should be fucking embarrassed.
JUJU was so good that drive
TJ fucking sack him dude. Wtf are you jumping for
"holy shit man why doesn't ben just run shit all the time, let him pass 80 times and give Conner eight runs, it's fine, just let the man do what he does best"
Apple Watch just told me to breathe
This is the heart attack inducing football I signed up for when I pledges allegiance to the steelers
Good game friends!! :)
Outside of the Spillane pick 6 this game has been disgusting to watch.
"Everybody shitting on Ben needs to remember how abysmal last season was. Like. How short is your memory? It’s still light years better than Mason.

And fuck, we might get Mason today. So I hope you’re happy."
"This sub is fun sometimes. We are facing a really good team, Who are surpremely good at running the ball, and somehow we are completely perplexed that we are not stopping it. Honestly, our defense has played well. Its a rough team to guard against, but time of posession and field position has made the job for our defense entirely impossible.

So far, this game is 100 on the offense and it aint even close."
"Ravens fans saying throw TJ out if the league lmfao, delusional baby-brains"
"If that is a foul, quarterbacks should be forbidden from running the ball."
That dumb ass call will cost us. So fucking stupid
"Just like last week, ravens get bailed with a penalty and drive down the field"
Drink every time there’s a questionable penalty for either side
Didn't he get the ball back? Why don't they show the replay.
Time for the tried and true Ben->Juju 90+ yard TD
Today is the day the Pittsburgh Steelers will give me a heart attack
"That was a 34 yard punt by Berry... Welcome back, I guess?"
Lamar tip toeing the sideline because he knows if he gets touched near it it’s an automatic 15
Hate to see it hope he’s ok
Hoping for a speedy recovery for Stanley. That shit looked brutal watching him on the ground like that.
"I don’t know about yinz, but after an injury, the game feels so somber."
I really hope Lamar keeps throwing those dumbass passes while he’s going down so our defense can rack up some INT’s
"I don't think their D is outplaying us, necessarily. I think we're just beating ourselves on offense"
Interesting to see TJ and Butler getting hot
Peters with a headbutt... And another Ravens jumping in... Should be a free first down from us... but the refs gonna fuck this up
"... Judon getting ejected for trying to pull away from his coach is some shitty luck for him, but fuck if I care after that Heyward penalty."
Our best offensive play has been a ref a getting punched
Guys. The Ravens are a good team. Relax. We will adjust. We are very much in this game.
"No points from our offense, we’ve barely even been in ravens territory 

I don’t care how elite our defense is, you don’t beat good teams with lousy offensive outputs like this"
"Jackson is a mediocre QB, but fortunately for him, he's really good at running"
Alualu was way more important than I thought.
Defense is suffering from lack of offensive production.  Hard to be effective when you’re on the field 85% of the game because your offense goes 3 and out every possession
0 points in the entire half by our offense. Pretty pathetic display right now.
Shame Haden didn’t have control. That pick would have been huge.
Tale of two halves last week to boys. Let's see if the boys can turn it around!
Am I crazy or has 12 men never been a dead ball foul? If a 12th player is still running off the field when the ball is snapped they let them complete the play and then you can decline that right? Serious question.
"I don't give a shit if Ben never throws a long pass again...


Death by a thousand short passes for these ravens"
"I just want to say, screw you guys who said we weren’t contenders. One half does not define a team."
I switched from the Minkah jersey to my Troy at halftime....
"Like I told you guys. This is purposeful. They are bending not breaking on defense, containing the ravens, do you know why? This is why. Mistakes will happen. Eventually Lamar has to throw. Do things he’s not comfortable with. By containing them. It’s gonna look bad on the stat sheet but we are containing them. The missing ingredient was our offense moving the ball keeping our defense fresh. Y’all need to listen to me more often."
Great drive by buggs too. That pressure on 2nd was huge
TJ trying to tear the ball out every play lmao
This is on the offense for giving the ball back with those lousy play calls gave these bums momentum
"Lol. Some of y’all need to chill. Steelers aren’t going undefeated. This is a close, NFL top 4, rivalry game on the road. We’re holding our own and can still win."
Juju was the baddest man on that drive. Light work.
Claypool and Juju making me happy.
Ben and no huddle is the best offense for the team
"love Juju, not many guys anymore who lower the shoulder like that at WR anymore"
"Ravens fans booing an injury that helps them??????????? 


What?"
I can breathe again
It was crazy. Glad we won. Just breath and have faith. People cry so much here.
This is the type of game where not having our bye week stolen from us would have been nice
WHEN WILL THE STEELERS BEAT A GOOD TEAM
"Got my fav. Steelers Tshirt on (that I haven't washed since the season started,.

6 pack of Lager (Yuengling of course)  at the ready

The same order of 18 hot wings extra crispy from the same place that I've ordered every week this far enroute.

I've done all I can!"
LMFAOOO! We scored before our opening drive  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
He wasn’t out of bounds?
"He was still in bounds.
Wtf"
"If Lamar wants to fight for extra yardage, then he's open to getting hit. Bullshit."
He pushed him out of bounds
thats call is so soft i cant even. you could swaddle babies with that call.
I hate free TDs that should have never happened.
Damn it. That flag could totally change this game.
Rough start for the offense
Looked like Claypool recovered and it and was then down by contact. 0% chance they get it right though.
TJ is zooming after Lamar dude I'm ready for a big hit.
"Cmon guys legit 30 seconds ago you all said we were the worst team in the league

See why you have to WATCH THE GAME"
"This game is crazy bro, still 5 minutes left in the 1st quarter"
I POVE YOU BUD
Please just string a drive together if for no other reason then to give this defense a rest...
"Hey let’s keep running the ball since it’s working so fucking well. Either run it up the middle, or throw it deep down the right side. Only two plays we know apparently"
I wanna shit in fichtners shoes lmao why not just punt on third down at that point
Someone on r/steelers needs to start practicng punting. Good grief.
Hate to see it. I hope he's alright after this game. Injuries suck
Never like to see a player hurt. That really doesn’t look good.
"Never want to see injuries no matter what, especially not to a really good player like Stanley."
"Is it just me or is this game more adds then football, so many fucking adds."
This offense looks *really bad*. Oof
The Bungles are up 10-0 on the Titans
Maybe if our defense wasn’t on the field the entire game we could adjust.
"Damn, TJ just looked angry af"
That headbutt is super illegal
The ravens committed like 5 penalties there
lets see how this is DJs fault...with 5 ravens there
Dionte gets headbutted twice and gets flagged ok
Yes. Give a mobile QB a full half of the field
How much would having a bye before this game helped us.
"I'm legitimately surprised we're only down by 7. Give the guys a breather at the half, and hopefully coaching staff can adjust."
"We have this dynamic slot receiver named Juju Smith-Schuster, and I wish we'd fucking utilize him."
"Come on guys! We may be down but we're not out! Big Ben is never out!

BELIEVE!

It's the Ravens guys. You knew this was gonna be an ugly dog fight. It's definitely ugly but were still in it.

LET'S GO!!!!"
JESSE JAMES CAUGHT THAT BALL
D misses Alualu
Tony sounds like he wants to kiss Lamar
Why doesn’t he ever just miss
"Second half adjustment:

Offense pls"
the fact we are only down 10 is impressive considering the way they are running all over us.
4/10 24 yards. Holy fucking shit
"The offense should physically carry the defense to the locker room, give them a foot rub and carry them back out so they don’t have to walk a single step. 
And then actually show up the second half."
Even Romo thinks that was a penalty.
A 51 second drive. Are you fucking kidding me
How we going to keep our receivers off the field and put samuels in the slot.
They have no idea what they are doing. This ravens penalty helps the ravens
Thats dumb. Kick should just count
The Ravens fuck up and WE have to kick again???
Lamar is the best player on our offense
We deserve a few of those with these Ravens DBs playing like dirty pigs.
JuJu GOING THE DISTANCE FIGHTING FOR YARDS!
What black n gold team was in the first half?
TAKING SHITS WORK BOYS LETS GO
"Is conner most improved player this year?


Serious question"
I honestly feel we’re due another 2 turnovers from Lamar. I just have a feeling he can’t fuck with this defense.
Some of the people in this sub are fucking pathetic
Apparently the Steelers offense just decided to take a bye week from one halftime to the next. They look like they're back to work.
"Glad to see offense has gotten together and is finally making plays, great job Juju for making that 14 yard play"
WATT WITH THE THIRD DOWN CLUTCH STOP
Wish those counted as sacks
TJ Watt is just.....so good
Randy fichtner and throwing behind the LOS. Name a better duo
Just checked the Bengals Titans score.... did Steelers hurt Tenn’s confidence? Or should we  be worrying about The Bengals??
This will change the whole game. A stop would have been huuuuge. Fuck.
If the refs are in this thread it just want to remind you that one team struck a ref and the other did not
Ju Ju literally carrying the team steeler for life right there
LMFAOOOO RAVENS FANS CRYING ABOUT REFS. GTFOH WITH THAT LETS GO STEELERS.
"No runs that whole drive, classic Big Ben"
I could watch a Claypool/JuJu duo the rest of my life.
"Ben is night and day from the first half to now and I am not complaining 

Completely commanding the offense like he should be"
Ok so this is just heart conditioning for playoffs boys. Crack a cold one and chug every stop. Our collective drinking can will a turn over..
"STEEL curtain on 4th! 

COMMMMMMMMEEEEEEE OONNNNNN!"
this sub reddit is soo negative holy
This is the game right now. We couldn't stop them all day when it count. I am nervous.
OH MAMMMA IM IN FEAR FOR MY LIFE
Good punt Berry.
Are these fucks booing Heyward?
This game won for you by the defense.
What did Tony Romo mean by that?
Maybe Claypool lost that ball but I don’t think I’ve ever seen a receiver get up and scramble for the recovery so hard. He pounced on that ball.
So can you just ice a kicker as long as you want by putting 12 men on the field?
"Guys idk if you know this, but this game is tied. Let’s chill out."
I’m. So. Hyped. Holy. Shit.
Already dying as they keep slaughtering Tyson Alualu's name.
"Political ads gonna kill me today. I already voted, I should be able to opt the fuck out."
SPILLANE!!!
"What a horrible call. Even Heyward hit him while he was still in bounds. This is so soft, and also  refs just trying to help keep the game competitive."
"If a quarterback doesn’t want to be hit like that, they should stay in the fucking pocket."
I never see Minkah go crazy like he did after that flag which is saying something
If the plays fucking dead blow the whistle it’s the refs fault he got hit and we got penalized
Penalties to keep them alive. Bullshit man
This is gonna be a LONG game if the refs keep throwing flags like this
Cant beat a good team with stupid turnovers.
That ball must be really fucking slippery
injuries suck. But duprees side just got easier
I think it’s time for Juju’s annual 95+ yard TD
"Bad play call on 3rd and 10, then a worse punt"
Imagine have a punter that can punt
"I never understood bringing back Berry. If you wanted to get rid of Colquitt that's fine, but you know Berry sucks - why not try someone else?"
Look at his sideline fake. That's why that penalty earlier was bullshit.
Seein big guys go down just breaks my heart... flashbacks of banner...
I hope he’s okay
Damn hate seeing injuries like that
If they called HALF of the holds against TJ no team would ever make it past the 50
Refs could’ve called that late hit but ofc not
Why is Samuels ever in?  He is no longer in the RB rotation and he never caught better than Connor
God if this offense isn’t gonna score they at least need to move a little bit. We are getting killed with field position
We run the ball on 3rd and 10 but not 3rd and 3????????????
Why is jaylen samuels getting snaps
This is fucking ridiculous. Ben has to be better. Period.
"Dropped pass killed us, our defense is gonna get gassed"
At this point I’m relieved that our offense is getting off the field so our defense has a chance to score some more points.
Our defense is going to be GASSED in the second half
"Good news is that we’ve been outplayed and are only down by a touchdown. 
Time to turn up."
Watt screaming at Butler on the sideline 👀👀
Ravens committed three personal fouls on one play and got called for one.
maybe we'll win by default when the whole ravens team ends up having to leave the game
Tale of two halves last week. Maybe it’ll be the same this week.
How did we stop Henry and then let the rat birds run all over us?
"Just gotta get to the half without them putting any more points on the board. Outside of the Titans game we've been great at halftime adjustments and the biggest issue is the Ravens running it on us. 

We're still in this."
"Lamar has thrown, basically, two interceptions. We need to focus on shutting down the run and forcing him to throw. Form a pocket and then collapse it."
I cannot fucking stand Lamar
Was Tyson THIS good?
fucking Snead little toothless sewer rat looking motherfucker
Watt looks kinda done right now
I have not experienced this level of frustration this season. I hate it
Hard to deny that the defense doing 90% of the work today is killing them right now.
Defense is gassed...
Four straight quarters of the offense looking like hot garbage.
Steelers have stacked 2 bad halfs in a row now
Right down the middle from 51 in the rain unbelievable
Don’t see how anyone could be mad at the defense so far given the fact the offense hasn’t even possessed the ball for 10 minutes yet. Shit the defense has more points than the offense.
"As bad as that half was. We are only down by 10. Make adjustments, score with our first possession and we are right there."
"Fuck M&T bank


Sorry, I had a mortgage with them once. Assholes."
Whoever took their bumble jersey out for this game put it away please.
"1st play in the half: Juju wide open over the middle.

Next 3 plays: None of that same look."
Ball right back where the DPI should have spotted us
Nice zoom in on bosgod... Admiring his kingdom
"Gives our D more rest, take ur time refs"
"As bad as we think Ben is playing, he’s still playing better than Lamar as a passer"
"Keep driving juju


Those are little things that don't show up on the score sheet"
JuJu got a lot more out of that than other receivers would have.
Claypool motion continues to steal away a LB or Safety and opening up that bit extra of a hole... not sure how you defend that if you can't win every 1v1 up front.
"Fichtner, the mask goes OVER your nose."
imagine if we could have last week's first half and this week's second half
Good adjustments so far in the second half.  Looking to be a typically tight game.
Roethlisberger and Smith-Schuster 2020
Make. Them. Throw.
TJ MOTHERFUCKING WATT
I’m getting such a fucking hard-on from reading all the hopeless and distraught comments in the Ravens thread. Omg this is what sustains me.
Ain't going anywhere Lamar. Cept to the bench
The amount of times they play a screen on a 3rd and long is genuinely frustrating
"Without that totally unnecessary juke, that would have been at least 10 yards instead of a quick 3 and out. Sad."
Diontae was looking open on those last 2 plays
Great fucking SACK
"""Don't want to flex this game?  We'll just keep it going till 7 either way..."""
"Jackson is great, for sure, but we’re making it a lot easier than it needs to be for him"
3&18 and 2&22. Easy stop you think? Not with the Pittsburgh Steelers secondary!
You don’t let Antonio Clown’s cousin score on us
ROMO HIS KNEE IS OUT DUMBASS
"Defense: Gets 3 TOs, 7 points and many many QB hits against a VERY dynamic QB and offense.

Galaxy Brains on this thread: This #1 in the league defense of ours is terrible!"
"Two feet in, not two parts of the same leg. Am I wrong?"
"Another free pass, wow. Pass coverage virtually non existent in this drive. Deserved punishment."
Nope...We changed our mind on that penality.
Don’t throw a flag if there’s not a penalty?
Another Big Ben Drive. We should do this more often lol.
Did he just say that Boswell moved ahead of Franco for all time points?
"CLAYPOOL.  

AND JUJU MADE THAT DRIVE.  

AND BEN IN THE CLUTCH."
It’s like most of you have never watched a Steelers vs Ravens game. Everyone needs to chill
Too much time left. This game is far from over. But beautiful drive against a very difficult defense. They could play like this all the time
This is the worst game the front 7 has had in years. So bad today
I feel like I’m watching a fucking game of madden with some nerd spamming the same two glitch plays over and over
"I miss Joe Flacco, I swear to fuck"
**EVERYBODY PLAY RENEGADE NOW**
Oh mama I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law.
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
COME ON BOYS BRING THE FUCKING HEAT FINISH HIM!!!!!!!
Lamar turns it over a 5th time on this drive you heard it here first
Ravens fans booing. Stay classy you sons of bitches
I miss two weeks ago when we kicked the shit out of Cleveland.
Did anyone else here the Baltimore fans booing Cam???
"Minkah comes up big on the final okay, that's what we traded for baby!!!"
😎 uhhhhh....... never doubted pls dont check
Lamar: \*slaps the Steelers defense\* this bad boy can fit so much 5-yard runs in it
"If Buggs doesn’t say “what’s up doc?” after a sack, we should trade him."
What a great game... I hate great games. Lol.
The game hasn’t even started yet and I’m already stressed out.
OMG YOU ARE JOKING ME
LMAO WHAT A START! So happy for Spillane!
NIGHT TRAIN SPILLANE LETS GOOOOO
SPILLANE BITCH!!! PICK SIX TO OPEN IT!!!
Ok that was absolutely beautiful. No other words for it
"He was still in bounds even with Hayward’s push, unbelievable"
"And they ignored the holding, of course."
I’m not over that bs call. Lamar literally put his head down trying to go for extra yardage
"Oh good, we're back to covering wide outs with linebackers."
Todays the day I will have the heart attack
Why the fuck does Ben never get RTP calls for such flagrant fouls
Pretty sure Claypool recovered that.
Lot of game left. No need to stress out.
Man that dobbins outside run is where it hurts to lack a bit of that D Bush 4.4 speed in the middle
Thats why everyone here has to calm down. We got this
PAY THAT MAN
We HAVE to keep Bud next year.
This game is going to be fucking crazy
RUN ON 3RD AND 10 WTF
lmao good thing we got rid of colquitt when Berry can only make two good punts in a row
Berry still isn't a good punter.
Idc if we waste a 4th rounder on a punter. Please fucking get a competent Punter.
Start a movement for the steelers to bring in Pat mcafee
THATS FUCKING WHY YOU HAVE TO HIT HIM TO GET HIM OUT OF BOUNDS
This why we hit lamar theyre on the sidelines
That's why you hit lamar on the boundary...
Damn I hope Stanley is ok
"Stanley is not looking good. Fuck he's in a lot of pain. 

That's their second linemen down? Or did I miss an update on Philips?"
Damn. All of Watt's weight on that leg. That does not look good at all.
jfc playing o-line is so rough man - on any given play somebody could fuck your knee up and it just happened twice in a quarter
"Shit idc who you play for, it really sucks seeing these guys get hurt"
Ravens thread can suck dick tho for blaming TJ. Bless the big man.
Classy of some Ravens fans saying “Fuck TJ Watt. Break his legs.” Absolute asswipes
Anyone who’s saying that was on purpose needs to go get their head checked smh.
these peeps have a lot more composure than i would if i exploded my ankle or knee in that fashion. lol
the time to sign a 99M contract is always last week
Fuck man TJ is always so close to getting a sack
"wow, a 50 minute 1st quarter."
">”You can’t double team everyone on this front.”

-Tony Romo"
Oh the stress is real today. Should not have eaten all that Chinese food already. Mistakes were made.
It's nice to watch the game in between these commercials
Okay offense. Your turn to...exist.
thats a late hit out of bounds on the ravens. thats the same thing we got called for. come on refs keep it consistent.
Apparently TJ is dirty because he's so good he gets to and hits Lamar on every play. Damn the Ravens sub is making a solid case for DPOY
"Decent punt!

But Jesus, our offense needs to click soon smh. Defense is gonna be gassed to shit by second half."
D is tired. And its not hard to understand why.
"His first read, on every play. was wide open"
This team needs to wake the fuck up. This is on the offense for not putting any drives together.
Watt getting held like a MF
"Not on the defense. Ben has to stay on the fucking field for longer than 2 minutes. 

Get your shit together o."
"The D is tired, they've been on the field all game.

If we can get the offensive play calling figured out we'll be fine. We should be shredding this defense."
I’m not blaming on defense. Offense needs to hold the ball and do something so the defense can rest
It’s not hard to see what’s happening. This is like the Steelers of last year. No offense to speak of and the defense will play great until they’re exhausted from being on the field way too damn much.
Watt getting sassy 👀
Watt is PISSED Christ.... would not want to be the guy who has to block him lol
Seeing Watt eat Keith would be a highlight
"Bungles beating the Titans.

There's that."
Peters fucking headbutt DJ. Kick his ass out
Judon should have gotten 2 flags... but like the refs would ever do that.  Buh bye trash player and trash fanbase.  Keep wishing injuries on our players
Well at least from this distance Berry's short punts are kind of a perk.
"bruuuuuhhh, you fucking serious??? Bens elbow is banged up!?!? This game is fucked"
"Damn, that would've a nice pick. Great effort by Haden though."
I still love you haden. great effort
Not having Bush available to keep Lamar in check is going to kill us
Why do the Steelers always give up third and longs....it’s so frustrating ffs
Make. Lamar. Throw. Put pressure on him for god’s sake he’s almost turned the ball over 3 times throwing
Losing Alualu is very evident. They are destroying us with the run
This first half was depression personified
Baltimore is such a run heavy team. How the fuck are we not stopping it?
I stand by this team
"Outside of two plays, the Steelers were completed outclassed that half."
please please please let us have an actual drive to start off the 2nd half. Im so fucking sick of watching Lamar Jackson
Defense can’t stop cause their tired. They been on the field the whole game.
"completely uninspired play since Spillane’s pick-6.

thank the lord we play two halves; hoping for a better performance after halftime from our good guys."
They’re so worried about surrendering the outside to Lamar and the goons that they’ve allowed everything up the middle
"Lets not forget that Baltimore got a bye week to prep for this game.

We had to play a very good Titans team last week."
Pretty pathetic that just Alualu being out turns the Steel curtain into a regular curtain.
Just keep the drinks coming
"I think the Steelers made a choice on defense to try to contain these guys to some extent and if our offense were moving the ball at all it would be working. We are bending but not breaking I think that’s the strategy today. They are tired, they’ve been on the field all day, the offense needs to get it going. My problem with the offensive coordinator who won’t be named is that it’s a rarity to see us struggle for a half and then make adjustments on offense. We don’t normally go into a funk and then break out of it later in the game. But Ben looks pissed so who knows. Maybe we tear them up in the second half."
"I can see our offense coming alive, but the ravens are built to win with leads. Theyre just going to keep running all over us. If ben struggles even a little, i dont see is coming back at all. Pls let me be wrong!!

Edit: That drive by ben might have been his best drive this season. Holy shit, picked apart that defense with ease."
I like seeing juju cover the ball with his life. Gives me a sense of security
How isn’t that a pi?!?!?!?!?!?!?
How the hell was that not DPI?
"Bad call aside, the offense fucking blows"
Woodley with the INT!!
"I just switched my bleach back for whiskey, maybe we can work our way down to a nice beer"
Coach T playing 4D chess trying to see how hard of a game we can win by not showing up for an entire half
"I know it’s really simple, but I really like seeing the communication on the bench between JuJu and Roethlisberger. That’s what we need, win or lose."
HIGHSMITH.  BEST DRAFT EVER!!!
This penalty doesn’t make sense
Jesus Lamar is good. He’s been instrumental in  nearly every point scored ;)
Hopefully the whiney manchilds turned the game off at half so that this thread can be tolerable
Passes are not crisp...but they do the job
Please score a touchdown this drive
That was a great gain on 2nd and long.
"As much as people shit on it, the dink and dunk fucking works against team like the Titans and Ravens."
JuJu playing like a #1 receiver this half.
"Can the people who kept complaining that ""we are not contenders"" shut the fuck up"
Ben picked up someone else’s helmet in the locker room and can’t hear Fichtner anymore
The cream rises boys
Juju so solid.
Football is weird.
"This is why i hate when fans give up at halftimr, its like theyve never seen a football game"
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO
That play by juju to get us to the 1 was sick
WOULDVE BEEN A PICK IF HE WAS LOOKING AT THE BALL
Lamar cant play when he’s rattled
LETS GOOOOO TJ!!!!!
T.J. WAAAAAAAATTT
i like the complete whiff by the RB expecting to hit Watt lol
TJ MOTHERFUCKING WATT'
Watt DPOY or riot
Randy bet on Ravens this week.
Diontae's body language is horrible lol
Lol 3rd and 14. Please don’t give it up defense 😭
This defense lifts fucking weights
"Buggs, Spillane & Sutton have really stepped up after injuries. You love to see it."
Why the fuck is the middle empty
Busted coverage twice on the same drive....
The fact that he even got that wide open is just as bad
The refs will give them this.  We're due for a fuck you call.
We couldn't even get a defender in the camera shot lol
This defence is either making big plays or giving up 30 yards
YUH CHALLENGE DEEZ NUTS HO
THREE FUCKING PLAYS THREE TIMES THEYRE WIDE OPEN WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH OUR DEFENSE
Oh? We’re picking up flags now? But not on the bullshit late hit on Cam.
Of course Ben doesn’t get a call he hasn’t his entire career.
bro the ravens are legit such dirty fucking players
Jim Nantz has no idea. It’s the games against losing teams that worry me most with this team. Just look at most Raiders games and the Jets game last year
Juju was born to wear that uniform
Fuck Tony trying to say claypool had hands to the face
Unpopular opinion: We need to sign Juju over any other WR. He provides that tough possession WR play we haven't had since Hines
JuJu making some TOUGH catches!!
"Rookie of the year, on god"
Juju is that drive
Lol I love Elliot staring to pick Juju up then getting reprimanded by his teammates
can we talk for a second about how hilarious it is that New England is garbage now
Oh mama...
"This kid, what devil's bargain did we make in order to have the endless well of sick ass receivers"
Steelers are awesome and Patriots suck. What a time to be alive!
Vermont checking in now that the patriot interference is over. Claypool!!!!!
I was wrong about Juju. Dude is a fucking baller. I'll admit it! Big fucking drive from that dude right there
Ben's head has been removed from his ass this second half
Browns lose again.
"Okay defense, let's see your magic 1 last time"
Id really like a pick 6 here.
Let’s go D.  Time to prove why we’re one of the best in the league!
the next 7 minutes will be the longest hour of my life
JuJu understands the nature of this rivalry you can tell with how he’s playing
Has our D not realized they keep running it?
One more score for us and we win
Ravens going to walk right into the fucking endzone. Fucking TRASH
it's wild how horrendous this rush defense has been. they're literally getting whatever they want.
We desperately need to hold them to a field goal
BIGGEST PLAY OF THE YEAR COMING UP
HEYWARD IS BACK! VERY REFRESHING
NOW STOP THEM PLEASE! MY HEART CAN'T TAKE ANYMORE
Start renegade. Let's fucking go
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
Could be huge road W. This is a brick in the road to 7
Holy fuck I am so god damn __NERVOUS__
I think one of these weeks I will legitimately pass away during a game
Heart rate? Elevated.
Baltimore is a trash city
NFL is rigged if they put more time on this clock.
"Here. We. Go. 

Now where are my pills..."
Need a ten minute touchdown drive to start the second half. Defense has to be gassed. Lucky to only be down by ten. Hopefully the staff can make some miraculous adjustments.
Tony Romo shut the fuck up
Everyone talk about Claypool bein big but JuJu is GROWN
Can you see the difference when Ben is calling the shots?
holy shit r/ravens is actually calling watt dirty for that??? he rolled over backwards and barely got his ankle. unbelievable
Why is anyone mad at heyward? Lamar wasn’t out of bounds and you play to the whistle.
Lol Ben with a whooping 4-10 for 24 yards this half.
"Fortunate to only be down 10. Need to make adjustments.

Turn TJ Watt loose - having him only key on the QB is a waste of his instincts and knowledge. Trust him to make plays.

Ravens are playing a ton of press man on the receivers, so dial up the motion and dial up the tight formations."
Fuck the Ravens fan base. Booing our injured Cam Heyward! Gotta be kidding me
"YESSSSS!!!!!! FUCK YOU RATBIRDS!!!!!

WE DA KINGS OF DA NORF!!!!!!"
Minkah earned his keep on that play.
"Gonna make a sacrifice today... A late breakfast is currently being cooked involving pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, sausage, the works. 

Gonna be skipping out on that to stick to the winning formula of Chinese food, good weed, jerseys on the dogs and me, and a victory pre-roll on standby for tomorrow morning after work.

I fucking love breakfast... Almost time to go pick up Chinese food though..."
"So they just mentioned on the pregame show that AB is going to be living with Brady and Brady has taken it upon himself to be responsible for making sure AB shows up on time for meetings, practices, etc. I’m thankful the drama is no longer our problem, but I’d kind of like to be a fly on the wall to see how that dumpster fire works out."
Missing this game. Had to move birthday drinks from next week due to the impending UK lockdown. Go Steelers
Steelers need a zero turnover game to win
ROBERT SPILLANE PICK SIX!!!!
Couldn’t have asked for a better start
LETS GOOOO
LETS GOOOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
SPILLANE YOU FUCKING BEAST!!!!
NIGHT TRAIN SPILLANE
y’all owe spillane an apology rn
Ngl but that was the last thing I expected to start the game
Jackson’s first pick six too!
Spillane putting on a show for a contract somewhere!
First ever pick six by Lamar.
I go to get water and see we got a touchdown what happeNed lol
"Did they say that was Lamar's first ever Pick Six?!

Perfect start."
"I just scared the living shit out of my dogs with that one. Jumped out of my seat, screaming at the top of my lungs, trying not to dump my Chinese food. 

Holy shit I needed that. I'm sorry pup-dogs."
my stream literally loaded up and the first thing i saw was the the pick 6. wonderful
Horrible call
Hes a runner not a qb
That’s not a penalty! He was still moving forward and in bounds!!
"Bullshit. He was still inbounds when hit.  If you’re going to run, you’re going to get hit"
"Bullshit.

Fucking Lamar was fighting to stay  i n bounds"
The most elusive QB in the league was still in the field of play.  FUCK.  THAT.  CALL.
He was in bounds...
"How on Earth can that be a foul? That's not even close. There's no excuse for that,"
So you can’t tackle a ball carrier when he’s still on the field? Okay got it
"Good to see the Ravens already getting bailed out by bullshit flags. 

So eager to see how many more of those need to be used today."
It’s okay. Defense looks solid. We can’t have these stupid penalties.
Fucking penalty was a killer
I’m so glad that Lamar is getting babied but Watt is getting held every play.
Refs should get deductions from their game checks if they make soft ass calls or miss obvious penalties. I’m tired of this shit
"Defense is taught to play until the whistle blows.


The whistle had not blown


Jackson is squirrely if he breaks free from one tackle and you pull up to avoid what they are calling unnecessary roughness he'll rip us for a huge gain."
This should be a roughness penalty since our guy was hit inbounds
Killing ourselves. God damn it
Well this is fucked already.
Fucking kill me
I gotta stop checking this game thread. My stream is about a full minute behind.
So we’re in the most important game of the year and we come out and force a pick six right off the bat then proceed to just make mistake after mistake. I’m very angry rn.
"Everyone in this thread is so negative, don’t understand that it’s a part of the game and we’ve been through worse and came out better"
why you guys freaking out in the first quarter
"Man, I hope we don't get our D gassed early and stop Ben getting into a rhythm"
Holy fucking commercials
THERE YOU GO BUD
Gonna be one of those games
Bud Dupree!!!
Wow! My butthole is puckering
YEAH BOY!!! GIVE UP THAT BALL JACKSON!!
Pay Bud whatever it costs
The football gods giveth and taketh away
This thread is so confusing because of how behind all the streams are. I just watched the strip sack and look in here and everyone is just now complaining about the run on 3rd and 3. Even tho I know I’m watching it live I still get confused and feel like I’m the one behind sometimes.
How about a 9 minutes drive here
"Overthrows are better than ints, but man, if ben can just get his touch back, they would be so much more dangerous"
What in the fuck is this play calling?! A draw on 3rd and long? I swear to God this shit is so frustrating.
U seriously run a draw on 3rd and 10?..... Play aggressive
WE NEED TO GET A FUCKING PUNTER FUCK THIS BULLSHIT MAN
"Guys, JC missed the read on that draw.  He takes it outside he gets the first."
Run on 3rd and long...it’s the Steelers way
"3rd and 10 so keep to the ground? 

Fichtner you sit every time you take a piss don't you?"
Sorry guys my peewee coach was calling plays that drive
Still fuming about that 3rd and 10 run. Complete give-up call in the biggest game of the year. If that's going to be their approach to this game they're not going to put together a decent drive.
Shit like that is why you have to push jackson out of bounds
At this rate both teams are only going to be playing back ups.
"I hate to see injuries to anyone. Fuck that sucks. Except for Burfict, fuck that guy."
Damn it's crazy to see a massive guy like that writhing in pain. Bless the knees
That’s a bad injury fuck
God Damn that’s not good. Poor guy. Just signed a 5 year extensive for $112m. Hopefully got some guarantees
"2020 is the year of NFL injuries, damn"
"Damn, I feel for Stanley smh. This game has been hard injury wise, and it’s only near the end of the first quarter. Christ"
Fuck man you never want to see that.  Hope Stanley can bounce back but that doesn’t look good.
This is a super long 1st quarter.
Ravens fans are really blaming that on TJ. So dumb.
Jackson was in the grasp. That play should've been whistled dead and that would've never happened.
Jesus - at least Stanley got paid this week.
"Brutal for Stanley, hope he can come back okay."
Man Edmunds was in position to intercept that
Lamar is reckless when he throws man. Keep up pressure and hes gonna make more mistakes. We just need to capitalize
Lamar makes some bad plays when he’s pressured. He’s too cocky and tries to force it.
At least it'll be the second quarter so offence can start playing
Defense gonna get tired real quick if offense doesn't pick up the slack
He got pushed outside... flag maybe?
"Late hit on McCloud, he was -almost- out of bounds!"
i feel like we’ve had the ball for 26 seconds this entire game so far
How are y’all not catching a fucking football straight in your hands?
Offense will wake up and unleash hell in the second half. Such is Steeler football. We only get one good half a game from the offense. Embrace it.
Samuels gives us nothing on offense.  Really think if we had a preseason he doesn’t see the roster.
"Listen I'm no football genius but Samuels, Washington, and Ebron all getting targets before Juju does seems like bad game planning"
Rip this game if defense needs to be on the field 85% of the game
Gus Edwards isn’t Walter fucking Payton guys
The offense has got to do their job our D is getting  GASSED already.
Yeah this looks bad.  Our defense can’t keep this up for four quarters.  If something doesn’t change on offense this is going to get ugly.
Minkah lit him up. Surprised Lamar bounce back up that quickly.
The defense has been on the field the entire time because we can't move the ball.
Que this thread turning into a dumpster fire lmfaooo
Alualu being out is very apparent. We’re getting murdered up the middle.
We’re missing alalu bad right now
Watt pissed
"TJ doing what I want to do every week. 

Scream at Butler."
Pouncey giving me heartburn with some of these snaps lol.
If I have to choose between Tj and Butler I’ll take the guy who doesn’t consistently put linebackers on wide receivers
If this goes against the Steelers......
"Let me guess, Ravens sub is saying the Steelers are dirty for that lol"
"Even if it was an accident, if the roles were reversed people would be calling for the Steeler who touched a reffs head"
"This is reminding of me of that niners game  where they sucked ass, but we somehow sucked ass even more - even with all the turnovers we got."
On the bright side...the defense finally got a chance to rest
i meannnnnnnn if the titans can come back after shitting the bed we can right? ...right?
i legit feel like i’m watching the 2019 steelers right now
How do you fumble a ball 4 yards away and still retrieve it that easily?
nvm that’s not a pick....fuck me
I’m getting Jesse James flashbacks
Oh that's incomplete
They'll overturn this :(
"We just need to make Lamar pass, can't keep getting gashed by the run"
They do the same rpo every other play
Bud is getting eaten up by the option. He doesn’t know where that ball is going.
If only we had Alualu. Absolutely killing is with these RPOs.
Why can't every game be against the Browns?
"I found a stream to watch this but wishing I didn't ,"
Holy smokes Tomlin you've got your work cut out for you in the half
We are getting thoroughly dominated on both sides of the ball.
"3 Ravens with 50+ rushing yards this year. 🤦‍♂️

Also, that run...we just gave the best kicker in the NFL a chip shot (at least by his standard)."
Offense NEEDS to score opening up the half. Only way they can get any momentum going
Thank goodness for the clock running out LOL.  I honestly don’t know what the halftime adjustment is.  This reminds me of The NE games where Belichick would seem to know everything we were going to do before we did it.
Game is still manageable. We need to get our shit together though.
Ben with a whopping 24 passing yards.
Could be a lot worse than being down 10 with our offense getting shut out
Can't go fucking 3 and out leaving this locker room. We will not win. Defense is already winded. Like I can't believe we've been on the field for a total of 5 min lol
Could be worse. Could be the 2-4 Patriots.
"Coach Cowher has a good point, more no huddle.  The Raven speed is blanketing the receivers and keeping the pressure on Ben.  Hope to see some adjustments cause doing the same thing that failed and expecting different results is, you know......."
Did he need to tackle him for that to be counted a PI? FFS
Thanks refs
Did Samuels pay off Fichtners debts or something?
These fucking refs
Offense is straight ass
"So they acknowledge possession is an issue, then proceed to get off the field in 44 seconds"
Did Tomlin fuck all the refs’ wives or are they just blind?
Starting to get hard to watch...
Ben's just lobbing mortars down the field lol
"Really? No flag there? This game is so aggravating. 

Whatever, still early in the half, hopefully defense made adjustments to stop the run, something that we shouldn’t even be having problems with lol."
"That’s it, sign white Lamar Woodley to a five year extension"
LETS GOOOOO STEELERS
THANK FUCK
Why doesn't the offense throw to the uncovered receiver everytime?
fuck we needed that so bad.
NOBODY TOUCH BEN’S RIGHT ARM
Liking where we're at right now. A lot
In spite of all the negatives we're only down by 3
Lamar is going to throw one more pick. It is written. Life is a simulation.
Spillane is filling in quite well
"How in the fuck do I stop these text messages about voting?


Fuck it's everyday. I tag them as spam and they just use a new number."
Spillane is legit. Honestly I was frustrated with the amount of big plays Bush was letting up. I’m not saying it’s not a loss to the defense but it’s not completely fucked. Right?
Ebron makes some incredible fucking efforts. He's becoming a god to guy for Big Ben.
Great catches on this drive
JUJU what a man
let Ben call his own plays from now on
Guys i changed into my James Harrison bumble bee Jersey at half time. I don’t think I’m going to wear any other jersey the rest  of the season.
FUCK ANYONE WHO EVER DOUBTED OUR GLORIOUS LEADER
#LeadChange
A lot of halftime hot takes lookin real stupid now
"That’s the kind of offense I like seeing

Let’s fucking go"
"Holy shit this game has swung. 3 and out time, boys"
You like that!?!?!!??!!!
🅱️ONNER
HOW. THE. FUCK. DO. WE. HAVE. THE. LEAD?
Tony is too good on the commentary!
"I feel like juju makes at least one of those ""stay balanced and scramble for 5 yards and a conversion"" plays every game."
Told you. We always play good at least one half
all the fair weather fans sucking Bens dick now 😂
Where all those negative naceys? *pir defense is awful we are already out of this game*
Conner really started working for his money
At some point one of these fumbles gonna be snatched up by the Steelers. Just a matter of time.
Spillane has really been doing a great job.
There u go watt! THErE U FUCKING GOO
Thats a great play TJ!!
that count as a sack?
Watt is a MONSTER
This second half is a completely different game. I am happy! One more solid offensive drive and I’ll feel damn good
"I started drinking IC Light when we started coming back, I have to keep drinking it. I fucking hate IC Light tho, anything for the team tho"
Bengals up 24 - 7 on the Titans. Steelers hangover for the Titans
That was a bigggg 3rd down stop. Hopefully we can get some points even a field goal
He could’ve ran 90 yards
"Playing against the Ravens, the refs, and the field"
McFarland is still running if he had just gone left.
Maybe don’t play McFarland when you’re that deep
Buggs really turned it around this half
"Thank god, just two more hours of this game"
"are they playing prevent or something

whole middle of the field is open"
This 3rd and long defense is so bad sometimes. Is it because of the reliance on pressure?
They’re too busy chasing down Lamar they let everyone else open
"He's out.


Let them lose a challenge"
"Knee is out, thanks for the TO Harbaugh"
He’s out but just run the same play again you’ll get it
Tomlin level challenge there
"4th Quarter starts, then all of a sudden our D can’t do a thing. WTFFFFFF. This hot and cold defense drives me NUTS"
We start dominating in the run game and the secondary decides they should just leave one guy uncovered every play
That 3rd and 14 really killed us
Tony really wants this td jeez
"There's always that one drive where our D just seems lost out there. But they repeatedly come through when it matters. Let's not completely give up on them already, there's a lot of game left."
"This is going to stand. If not, I'm going to need to get a new coffee table"
I think Romo is a Ravens fan
Could Romo be any more for The Ravens in this game?
His knee was down but out of bounds
Our coverage is dogshit.
"I swear the way they cheer, they are local Ravens announcers."
It’s not a Steelers game unless you have at least 3 heart attacks.
Nothing new. They never give Ben the late hit or roughing the  passer.
Ebron is a man amongst boys today.
Good to see the Ravens getting flags.
Man I really like McCloud a lot. He’s so damn fast.
Pat's losing with 30 seconds left
Let’s run maybe once
JUJU the fighter
I love JuJu so much
JUJU WITH A WHOLE LOTTA HEART
Let’s go juju we have to sign him to an extension. Love how he played steeler football
HURT BEN IS BEST BEN!!!!!
Nice drive Ben
Please D give us another turnover!!
They just cant cover Claypool and I love it
"Ok d


Give me one more clamp down baby"
I love Juju!
Wow Boswell moved past Franco Harris on the all time Steelers scoring list
I don’t think we had a RB on the field once that drive
"Ok we’re up 4, defense needs to hold here. Too much time on the clock. Have to punch them in the mouth here"
Started claypool last game and Diontae this game. But idfc let’s win this game
That drive was pissed Ben
Don't like how much time we left on the clock but I've got confidence in our defense to go out there and get the stop.
"8 Plays, 80 Yards, 0 Running backs"
"The back two quarters of the Titans game and the front two quarters of this game, our offense has been... not great.

Love to see us turning it around here."
This game is going to give me a heart condition.
"JuJu is our number one WR. He may not lead in targets or yards, but he leads with his toughness, and by example. He’s channeling his inner Ward today."
WE NEED A STOP HERE
"defense, i fucking beg you to get a stop"
GET A STOPPPPPPPPPP
"In other news, browns lost to the raiders"
They’re gonna have to play this 4th down. This play decides the game IMO.
Ohhhh mama I can hear them a comin and I don’t have very long.....
Peak Pittsburgh vs Baltimore right here - the all 22 tape of this game is gonna be super interesting bc it looks like we are just running a 4-3 especially on this last drive
Pats and Browns lost again. That's.... something.
OHHHHHHH MAMA I CAN HEAR THEM A COMING AND I DONT HAVE VERY LONG
WE DID IT REDDIT! RENEGADE FOR THE WIN!
We can NOT be punting out of our endzone.
Great Game!!!  It was worth losing 3 years of longevity.
Should not have ran it up the middle but what do I know
of all the times we dont use a screen pass lol
We need Derek watt back
Are they fucking booing?
"Losing Cam is not ideal, hopefully he's OK."
Fuck all those booing trash pieces of shit!
Baltimore fans are fucking retarded. He's totally faking it to give them a timeout and put time back on the clock.
ravens fans booing an injury. stay classy
Why boo someone who’s hurt
Wheeeeeewwww stay classy Baltimore you fucks
Holy fucking shit how did we win
FUCK THE RAVENS
"DAMN SON

7-0

AND IT WASN'T EASY"
FUCK ALL THE NEGATIVE NANCY'S. WE LIVE FOR THIS SHIT!!!! 7 - 0 MOTHERFUCKERS. RENEGADES MOUNT UP!!!
7-0 FUCK THE RAVENS!!!!!!!
Perfect throw my ass Romo. You just said it was the wrong read
Snead got laid out. Talked all of that shit ALL GAME
I hope heyward is ok
That was exactly the game I expected to see from these teams. This is why we watch.
That fucking penalty was a game changer
Ref assisted TDs piss me off so much.
10 points is insurmountable with this impotent offense
CLASSY FUCKING RAVEN LOSERS BOOING FOR A FREE TIMEOUT. FUCK THE RAVENS AND THEIR SHIT FUCKING FANBASE.
BLAST THE RENEGADE!!!!!!
I’m not gay but when I see juju sometimes I wonder
STEELERS STILL HAVENT BEAT A GOOD TEAM
"Turned down a bunch of plans today to watch this game on my couch, the exact same way I did last week. 

HERE WE GOOO"
Give Lamar credit perfect throw. Cams penalty was huge though
Connor is legit the only offensive player who’s showed up today
"Refs, why are you giving them calls? 


One of their guys hit one of your guys!"
I'm very glad we're up 4 and not 3
Romo is usually good. He’s a clown this game.
4 PLAYS IN A ROW SOMEONE IS WIDE FUCKING OPEN. THIS IS FUCKING RIDICULOUS. TOMLIN NEED TO GET ON THETE ASS
"The inability of the defense to be able to get a stop on third down is so frustrating. This has been a problem all season, but a nightmare today in particular."
Strapping into the game thread like mr bones wild ride
God damn i’m already nervous
Rain game?!? Let's fuckin go!
Deep breathes. Deep breathes.
LETS GOOOOOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!!!!1!
LETS GO SPILLLANNEEEE
NIGHTTRANE SPILLANE
bUt sPiLlAnE iS sO mUcH sLoWeR
HOLY SPILLANE!
Let's goooooo!!!!!!
Spill is love Spill is life
ARE WE BACK TO BEING THE LB KINGS OF THE LEAGUE?!?!
Nice!!!! Let’s keep this going and fuck those rat birds!
Tj is heading straight at jackson every time. Smart.
He was inbounds when he got hit
Dude what an absolute joke of a call
Horseshit
Horse. Shit.
He’s just pushing him out of bounds refs wtf
So we’re playing against the refs too!
What a shitty call...
Pussy league
that’s ridiculous
"Our defense's biggest weakness is penalities, but that call's bullshit."
That penalty was fucking bullshit
BS CALL
Bullshit call
Lemar is a runner in bounds... that means he can get popped refs
Weak sauce. Refs trying to make this game close
100% in bounds shouldn’t have been a penalty but he’s going out of bounds why even try and lay a big hit  you’re about to get off the field it’s 3rd down...
i hate the refs more than i hate the ravens
And time for a fumble.
Should have been off the field already..
Honestly that penalty really hurt but it looks like we are controlling Jackson
Bullshit drive. Gotta keep the foot on the pedal regardless.
Fuck you refs
Well that lead was short lived. What a load of horse shit for that 15 yard penalty
Who let those Footlocker employees on the field?
Lol imagine if they never called that unnecessary roughness. So dumb he wasn't even out of bounds
I can’t stand nfl refs
"If the refs don’t give that cupcake call, this game is over. Ravens team isn’t built to play from behind"
Flag-happy crew today.
Clearly this game is going to be annoying with all the penalties.
I see I see. Today will be a day of penalties.
Well shit
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Rookie mistake. Kiing ourselves
Two huge mistakes.  Simply can't make mistakes like this in a big game.
I'm gonna just do some h fuck this game
I better see Tomlin fuckin screaming at this team
Damn there have been so many stoppages in this game at this pace we won’t finish til like 5:00
BIG BUD
Man we have to find a way to keep Bud
"Lamar Jackson: exists
Steelers D: I’m about to end this man’s whole career"
Alualu down? Son of a bitch.
Holy shit Alualu and diontae hurt is really big.
This shit is why you don't freak out every time something bad happens. We can cause fumbles and recover them too.
EAT BUD. EAT
"Thank you, Bud Dupree and Vince Williams. 

Phew"
BUD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fucking love these games
[deleted]
Dang offense need to keep the drive going and give the D a break.
A RUN ON 3RD AND 10?!
Offense looking shaky. It seems like we can’t figure the defense out just yet
Randy WTF WAS THAT
A run on 3rd and long...
Can they move the ball down the FUCKING FIELD FFS
And a shitty punt. Fantastic
Sick run on 3rd and long deep in our own territory. Awesome
Oh berry's punting again lol.
Should have just punted on 3rd down or taken a knee if you're going to be that passive
What the fuck is this playcalling. Seriously. Second half titans and now this. Awful awful offensive playcalling.
Glad to have Berry back
Jordan berry fucking sucks cock
Can we just not have a punter and go for it every 4th down?
Looking like our defense is going to need to be stout. We have two takeaways but the ravens are moving the ball and we are not
that was an easy holding call
Terrible hold on Bud
Lamar tiptoes like that and as soon as we nail him that draws a penalty lmao
Let's not call holding at all.....
Damnit man I hate to see injuries on either side
#3rd SACK
"Defense is monsterous.

Hate injuries though. Hope the raven is ok"
Fuck dude :( hate that for him and the ravens
That’s a tough loss. Stanley’s a good o-lineman
That’s awful. Hate seeing these guys in so much pain.
Fuck man these injuries on both sides
This looks bad. He’s been down for a while
That is NOT good for the Ravens fuck
>They have an air cast for Stanley and they are bringing out the cart. Not good
Prayers for Stanley that look like it fucking HURT.
Hate to see someone get rolled up on defenselessly. No doubt some ligament damage in that knee. Hope he's alright.
"Broken ankle for sure, that was ugly"
3 sacks already. Forced fumble. Pick 6. Good job defense
Fuck these commercial breaks holy shit
"Ravens going crazy saying tj did that on purpose rn, like no he did miss Lamar on purpose fuck over your tackle"
I didn’t want this game decided by injuries or refs. Bull shit
defense is carrying
As much as I feel for Stanley. I'm really happy he got his money when he did. No doubt he'll come back and continue to be a great player but now he's got the money to back him up.
defense is balling...offense is still on the bus
Oh man I'm just waiting for us to pick one of those lobs Jackson keeps doing.
Longest quarter of all time
"Lamar Jackson: *gets punished*

Commercial: *Lamar Jackson commercial for NFL 2021*"
"Dang, those passes are usually picked. They got so lucky."
Half the ravens sub is saying how dirty TJ is lol
Lamar is making some bad decisions with those throws when he goes down. Hopefully we grab one for another INT
"Defensive battle so far. 

Steelers offense about to score a TD, Right now."
"How was that not a late hit out of bounds?  I mean, if you go by the standard of the earlier call against us..."
We have to lead the league in dropped balls
If the Ravens can catch these the Steelers should too
"Ben has every right to be pissed rn, our receivers hands are butter"
Finally. Good punt
Wow. We actually had a good punt for once.
At least the play calling was okay. Execution sucked on that drive though.
Giving the Ravens this many chances on offense is so stupid.
"Sigh, we live and die by Ben always. He's gotta start throwing better if we want to win this"
Robert Spillane is our best offensive player so far.
"Heal up, Alualu."
Ugh.  We should be up by 2 TDs by now.  WTF is up with this offense.
Alalu is needed badly
This is the most predictable offense in the league why are we struggling so much? It’s either a run or playaction every single fucking play.
Wow they can't stop anything.
Hopefully we're able to make some good halftime adjustments for defense and offense can wake the fuck up.
Time of Possession must be like 10:1.
Jackson got fucked smacked by Minkah
"Time to answer, bitches."
The offense needs to do something or its over.
This is on Ben and the play calling
I miss Tyson Alualu....
Baltimore's backup o-lineman are dominating at the line of scrimmage.
"At least now the defense has a chance to catch their breath and make some adjustments. Lets hope Ben can get into his rhythm, we’ve been a second half team for a while now. Except last game of course"
Only down by seven. Offense needs to wake the hell up and put some points on the board. Still a lot of game left and it's not the first time we've had to make a come back.
Pretty clear how dominant Alualu is in the run game
Defense has a TD and fumble. Offense needs to step up
Guys we knew this game wasn’t gonna be a walk in the park...
We reaaaaally need to get it going on offense
Watt is pissed
"Aside from 2-3 big throws, Ben has been good. His WR’s need to step up"
Nice knuckle ball Ben
Keith butler yelling at Watt makes me want to fire him personally
damn TJ was screaming
WE HAVE TO THROW THE BALL IF WE WANT TO WIN
This is Steelers ravens football
At least this is giving our defense a little extra rest lol
Really out here punching refs
Ju-done
"Even if the hit itself was unintentional, he took the risk by getting involved in the scuffle, so I don’t feel bad for him."
OFFENSE GET IT THE FUCK TOGETHER CHRIST
To not get points there is horrible
Our offense is god awful today and this is coaching. We clearly had NO GAMEPLAN TODAY
Fuck this offense is anemic.
Thank god the refs took so long to discuss so the defense can get a little rest
got any more of them defensive points?
Ben always plays bad at M&T. People saying to bench Ben is ridiculous..Rudolph would’ve thrown 2 picks by now
These goddamned political adds every break are just pissing me off.
Not the elbow fuckk
Not the elbow please god no
Let’s see what pissed off Watt does.
Let’s hope coaches make adjustments in the half and we come out swinging
Goddamnit we really needed that.
I mean. He has control 🤷🏾‍♂️
No way that give us that
Idkkkk dawggg that’s lowkey control with one hand ??
Need those 3rd down stops
Why don’t the Ravens ever get called for fouls?
Let’s go offense in the 2nd half. Can’t just let the the D keep us in the game without repaying the effort.
That's like 3 near turnovers by Lamar. Luck just isn't on our side.
The fact that we are only down a touchdown is a blessing alone 👏🏽 good job D
If that play was made by Marcus Peters we'd all say it hit the ground.
half time adjustments then we will be okay
How many fucking commercial is even legal for a non us resident
Carving us up like a Thanksgiving turkey. That's what happens when your offense can't sustain a drive.
Whole defense is staring at lamar while fucking gus edwards rips us apart
"TJ was within 5 yards of Lamar, surprised there wasn't a roughing the passer call"
STOP THE RUN FFS
"Oh look, Spillane 3-4 yards behind his assignment"
Tucker always makes those
[deleted]
I swear to fucking god if we put Rudolph out there
What an embarrassing end to the half
We got wrecked that half ngl. Was not pretty.
If we put Rudolph our there I’m throwing shit at my TV
We should be down by 30 or so that first half was completely garbage
Being down by 10 with the way the offense has looked is better than expected.
Our offense is single handedly destroying our defense. A 3 and out at the start of the 3rd might just kill the whole game.
If it weren’t for that pick six it would be 17-0. We need our offense to wake up
Only three passes with positive yards in two quarters.  The Steelers usually exceed that in one drive.
Who had Spillane outscoring our entire offense? D didn’t look great but not much they can do with they way the offense is playing. Tomlin better fire these guys up
just some stressful pittsburgh steelers football baby
I feel like our offense is just too soft for physical teams like Baltimore.
If we don’t start spying Lamar hard in the second half something is very wrong.
"miracle to only be down 10, need points on this drive or it’s going to get rough fellas"
THANK FUCK NO RUDOLPH
Having grown up in western PA but not being there since I was 18 (now I’m 36) and getting lucky to have a Pittsburgh area stream today seeing that Edgar Snyder and associates commercial brings back tons of memories
Yep. We’re fucked. Should’ve been DPI but who am I kidding
That's on the refs my god!
Bad passes and no flags.
That is a fucking joke
REFBALL
"No flag, are you fucking serious"
How is that not PI?
Can someone let Footlocker know that some of their employees are attempting to ref a professional football game?
Refs doing us 0 favors today either
Wow right in his face -> no flag
I know I asked for less penalties earlier but WHAT THE FUCK
"It shouldn't have to come to this, but I think DJ has a much better likelihood of getting a call if he keeps trying to fight and run through it rather than just throwing his arms up."
"Oh fuck these refs, can't have Lamar lose again, he's hyped as much as Mahomes"
So.... offense comes out and does the same exact shit.   Good job coming up with something  at halftime.
"Welp, that drive was supposed to breathe life into us. Here comes another 10:00 Baltimore offensive drive for a touchdown"
He has to keep playing. You can't veg for the flag during the play.
Holy shit thats some of the worst I've ever seen. They missed THREE... THREE DIFFERENT Opportunities to call PI. Okay. Fosho Refs.
Honestly the Steelers deserve to lose with the way they are playing
MUST SCORE A TD NOW
I have no idea why Baltimore is throwing a single pass.
Ben looking like prime Maddox
WOW awesome break for the defense. Rest & momentum
I hate when Lamar smiles after getting picked
Takes a freaking crossing route. Damn that’s hard to have in a game plan
Let’s build on this momentum boys
#FUCK THE DOUBTERS
Do you hear that? It's the winds of change.
"take the kick. dont take points off the board rn  

EDIT: NM i didnt know the kick didnt count cause the refs are slow af."
Throwing that shade Nantz
Wtf why do we have to kick it again
I grew a beard waiting for the extra point.
If it was a ravens penalty why do we have to kick again?
we still in this......somehow
"All that achieved was that our kicker got iced when we are getting ""rewarded"" with a penalty"
Ben is sleeping on the field he needs to get fired up
Lamar is our biggest playmaker right now
ANOTHER PICK COME ON LETS GO
"Fans: Is this a NFL game or the Twilight Zone?

Steelers: Yes!"
"Renegade

https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc"
Stop the run.  They can’t pass but they will try to run.
Gonna get a Spillane jersey
HOLY SHIT WE FORCED A 3 AND OUT
I might need to get a Spillane jersey. This fuckin man has won my heart
"Spillane has made some big plays for us this game, he is gonna get paid by some team after this season guaranteed"
Spillane is playing some great football in place of Bush
Fucking FINALLY
Haha... Steelers doing the Flacco gameplan to the Ravens
I’m not above running the Joe Flacco offense. Just throw it up and hope for PI call
Looking like a completely different team this half
"Ben is taking over this game now.


Let him free coach!!!"
I’m guessing Ben started calling the plays
"Claypool pushed while out of bounds. No flag, only for their star qb"
FUCK YES JUJU
JUJUUU
SMH JUST RUN THE BALL. NOW WE WASTED A TIMEOUT.
Just run the Ball please
I love JuJu. Unselfish and gives his all.
Why not just bring in our FB and pound it in like any other team?
BACK IN THE LEAD BOYS
That’s good stuff.
Keep this going....
Great adjustments
HERE WE GO STEEELRS
FUCK THE RATBIRDS
TD CONNER!
And suddenly it’s a whole new game.
Tale of two halves. Keep it up and bring it home.
Incredible drive. Excellent adjustments
Alright defense. Make Lamar make mistakes and make the ravens throw the ball.
"Don’t look no farther, baby I’m back here"
That claypool run Is almost like a read option.
Let’s go D!!! Make Lamar throw it!
Just let Ben run the offense PLEASE!
Defense has to keeping playing the way they have and offense needs to keep this long drives up.
Look what the cat dragged in ..  our fucking offense
Have y’all chilled out some now?
Of course my Dish Network screws up in the middle of the game. It’s bad enough CBS screwed up the broadcast last week
God these games are literally going to fucking kill me
"I’m the Steelers v. Titans first half/Steelers v. Ravens second half and I have DirecTV.

And I’m the Steelers v. Titans second half/Steelers v. Ravens first half and I have cable."
BENGALS ELITE???? MAYBE WE HAVE BEAT A GOOD TEAM
Wtf are the titans doing bruh
sooooooooo clooooooooose
Fuckkkkkk recovering that would've been huge
Almost had another pick there
The rules for turnovers suck lol
God the ravens should have like 3 extra turnovers
Love me some Highsmith!
We can’t get cute tho
T JAAYYYY
The defense is heating up and the offense is awake.  Look the fuck out.
The Rat Birds are fucking rattled i love it 😈😈
If we start getting conservative now I’m going to sack my refrigerator like it banged my gf
If he didn't trip he has a huge gain
Stays on his feet and that’s the longest offensive play all day.
Man he had room if he didn't stumble there
"ugh, pls no 3 n out"
"Lol, Titans are getting worked by the Bungles."
Diontae is frustrated
God the defense is really gonna have to step up again with this field position
well that was a wet fart of a series.
Our defense is gonna have to be the side to win the game today clearly.
There we go Buggs
Buggs is playing well too
Who is this imposter? That definitely wasn't a punt from Jordan Berry
Buggs > Suggs
Buggs’ energy is what we need rn
"That wasn't a screen. I don't blame Ben for getting rid of the ball, you have to be careful on that part of the field. The play was dead pre snap because we didn't get the right protection call in, which is extremely tough against that double a gap look though"
Even if we somehow lose this game I'm satisfied at least we didn't keel over after they were owning us in the first half. Just stop the run against these guys and they're chump change. We'll kick their asses in Pittsburgh.
4 year Sacks streak that’s insane man
Absolutely inexcusable to give that up
Time for this sub to go back to shitting on Edmunds
Roll out the red carpet on 2nd & 22
What in the fuck is this coverage?  That's twice now.
Glad he never learned to toe tap.
I want to get off Mr. Bones wild ride
Our defense plays better when we’re losing
Fucking secondary is wet cardboard right now
So we gonna leave them wide open on every play
big divot from the knee on the line
"Look guys, the secondary sucks because they’re selling out to stop the run. And considering the first half it’s been worth it🤷‍♂️"
Don't forget Romo was a Cowboy
What is this the commercial bowl
Ravens really gonna score 3 TDs in one drive lol
They called it not a catch. If it’s close it’s not coming back.
4 man zone is useless when you're all 5 years off
defense completely shit the bed this drive
"Pls ben, dont listen to randy this drive"
defense is gassed. offense has to do something. FG TD ANYTHING
"Honestly we're lucky it's even as close as it is. Ravens have made it hard for themselves by turning the ball over so much, Steelers' defense hasn't done anything but blow coverages and get lucky with bad throws. The Steelers really could be losing like 30-10."
"Shut up Romo, CBS has the field mics turned to 11."
Lamar gets that call every time
If that tb12 or Mahommes that would of been ejection.
Ebron is having an awesome game!
I hate that playcall even though it worked out for us
ITS ONLY 1 YARD WE CAN DO THIS
Frantic Ben is the best Ben
JuJu has heart!
Juju has the heart!
JUJU IS BACK BABY
Short play. Short play. Flag. That’s how we move the ball boys.
"Hearing the words “New England Patriots... fourth consecutive loss,” would almost make it not hurt so bad to lose this game.

Hearing them and winning would be sublime."
THERE IT IS CLAYPOOL
THATS MY QB!!!
Claypool jersey being ordered TODAY!!
AIR CANADA 🇨🇦
Lol that’s how open Claypool is when there are no penalties!
time to fire up this fucking D
Good thing we benched Ben and started planning for the draft like the people on this game thread wanted.
What a response 👏🏽 need the defense to hold them off
Clayyyypoooollll! Love this man
Why must every Ravens game be like this!!?!
that TD means nothing if we cant stop them now.
Juju has been so damn reliable.  We need to keep him.
Defense now has to play like they get paid to play the game
Dupree needs to stop doing half measures
"That pitch run is killing us, no answer"
STOP SOMEBODY!!!!
WE NEED TO SHUT THEM DOWN RIGHT HERE
"Man, they are working the clock and trying to make this the final drive."
NO NOT CAM
Fuck me not Cam
Oh great now Hayward is banged up FANTASTIC
"I mean the defense was always bound to have a humble pie game, but did it have to be this one?"
We need a turnover
BLITZ!! Let Lamar make a mistake throwing it. He will.
ALRIGHT FOURTH DOWN
They are going to try to get us to jump
Heyward back... only was a cramp it seems
DEFENSE TAKE MY ENERGY
Does anyone have any spare blood pressure medication
They’re definitely gonna go for it. They’re not gonna kick the FG
This is the biggest two minutes of the year. This D needs to show their the best there is.
I don't think I can handle this.
ONE. MORE. STOP.
'Jackson is someone to be afraid of and here's why!! He's stopped.'
I will take back every single bad thing I have said about the defense if they make this one stop.
Classic Steeler heart-attack football. LETS GOOOOOOO
I’m not sold on Lamar Jackson until he proves he can be more than Michael Vick. Don’t get me wrong. He is good. But eventually age kicks in and you slow down. Will he be able to be as good when he has to rely on his arm more than his legs?
"I’m not sure what made me happier, the stop or seeing 97 back on the field."
Omg omg omg! I had Renegade CRANKED and was flying the towel. I can't believe it! Thank you Buggs!
Okay boys it’s heart palpitations time!
Who no fullback???!?!
C'mon Berry need a great punt
time for the last minute heart attack
Where the fuck is benny snell in that situation?!
Please Jordan Berry I know I talked shit but this is so important
Why the fuck do you run it up the middle when the box is stacked as shit
Intentional grounding you pricks
Come on. Be okay Hayward.
Oh fuck Cam
I hope Heyward is ok
Fucking soft coverage man . Fuck
Record heart attacks for me in this game..
Ugh. Not Cam Heyward
Trash ravens fans booing
Booing an injured player... classless
Win or lose it's going to suck if Cam is hurt badly.
"I can’t believe it! I didn’t expect to win that game. 

Thanks MINKAH for being there!"
"YES RAVENS, BOOOOOO. YOUR TEARS SUSTAIN ME"
bUt pIttSBurgh hASnT beaTEn anYOne gOod
that how its done ugly as fuck but I love it I love it I lovit
MINKAH WITH THE GREAT PASS BREAKUP
Jesus... lets go but if Heyward is done for the year... we're FUCKED
7-0. Complete control of the AFC North. Gotta love it.
"Wow, next week 8-0!!!"
7 - 0 MOTHERFUCKERS!!!!!!!!!
"GET FUCKED YOU RAT BIRD PIECES OF SHIT!!

KINGS OF THE NORTH!! 7-0!!!"
Romo needs to stop chugging Jackson’s dick like seriously he’s had 3 ints today and a couple close fumbles
1 penalty deflated all the air in this teams tire. Fucking shit.
"Don't want Lamar to get hurt, but love to see all the hits on him."
"This thread be like:  Throw in the towel! 6-10 here we come! 

Like the Steelers Ravens games don't always go this way."
Every time Big Ben touches his elbow the entire Steeler Nation holds its breath.
only thing lamar can do is run
"Hey, Tomlin. Can we change our game plan after this half? Thanks."
"Down 10 and you're all ready to say the season is lost. 

Yeah it was a bad half. Shit happens. They can adjust."
"I’m going to die in my fucking 40s from eating pierogies, drinking beer and watching Steelers football"
Blatant PI... no call... Keep getting gifted the game Ravens shit
They even make a Ravens penalty sound like the Steelers fucked up.
If we miss this im killing people next time I play among us
Did we go back to ben NOT calling the plays again? That 3rd down play was sus
I think they are going to run out of commercials
Seahawks fan here. Thank you so much! I have hated the hype around Lamar Jackson for the longest time. Pittsburgh to the super bowl you guys are earning it
Fuck Donald
Don’t forget; the only reason why the ravens have any points is because of the refs
"Jesus christ the whole defense just decided to watch lamar pick up that first down.

Someone steps up we might get that fumble"
Anyone shitting on Big Ben...YA MOMS A HOE
Tony Romo will not stop sucking off the Ravens even after we score
"Over reacting betas up in here. Chill, if we win following adversity it'll be that much sweeter. Relaaaaxxxxxxx >.<"
Oh no. Stanley is a stud. Doesn't look good.
"I don't know what happened to Stanley, but it looks nasty.

Wishing him the best."
The Ravens sub is a joke. They think TJ did this on purpose.
"When Conner is the most effective player on your offense, you know you have a problem."
His ability to only punt 30 yards came in handy there
Insane how easily they can convert on 3rd down.
Fuck only Lamar could fumble forward like that.
Guess we're hoping their offense gets super tired running all over us
Argument for it is his hands don't move and neither does the ball. He's got control.
Jackson can’t keep that up. He’s been taking a lot of hits this game
Defense is really getting dominated by backup offensive lineman & running backs.
"The Tomlin haters are crawling out of their caves

Edit: Mom's basements"
The looks on Ben’s face are really scaring me. He cannot get hurt.
Idiot Ref being unable to cover his nose with the mask.
"Win or lose, steeler v ratbird football is always a good game"
I could watch Jackson get sacked and intercepted all day.
Ngl but I’m pretty terrified
Lamar about to be exposed yet again. Looking forward to it.
"Folks, I’m scared."
"I have worn my color rush Harrison jersey every Sunday this season. I should definitely wear t today, right?"
LFG
Very very nervous today
I dislike the Ravens
BIG PLAY SPILLANE
**SPILLANE YO SELF**
GREAT START
Inject this into my veins
WHAT THE FUCK THIS DUDE IS AN ANIMAL LMAOOOO
MY PECKER IS SO HARD RIGHT NOW
Getting browns game flashbacks
SPILLANE BABY AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA LETS GO
SUCK MY DICK LAMAR PICK SIXXXXXX
Spillane! Wasn’t that the 2nd time in the last three games we’ve had an opening drive Pick 6 as well?
AHHHHHHHH LET'S GOOOOOO
"I won't jump to crazy conclusions off 1 play but


PITTSBURGH GOIN TO A SUPABOWL"
Spillane is a legend now.
oh man that was beautiful
Lets fucking go!!!!
LETS GOOO
"Someone called it, a play where defense would score points. Who was it?"
Spillane the GOAT!!!
"SPILLANE!!!!

How much do you love this guy!!!

Undrafted player."
Watch Spillane have a breakout year. I already liked him as soon as they put him in this year.
Spillane making his presence known!
Spillane! Let’s go!
That was neat
Spillane!!!! Huge!
SPILLANNNEEEE
"Maybe that gigantic hit on Derrick Henry turned Spillane into the DPOY, like in a movie"
Bob Spillane. Killer Bs renewed.
Ghostface Spilla
Wtf we scored a touch already?
"Spillane took next man up pretty damn literally  
  
love this man"
Spillane the goat?
"Wow fucking awful call, Jackson was trying to get more yards"
[deleted]
What the fucking fuck... How???
Fuck it pick him again
FUCKING REFBALL
Ref what the fuck
That was not late...
ravens already getting bailed out
Let's make Jackson afraid to hold onto the ball today.
Oh the refs. I love how much you hate us
WHAT BULLSHIT. Lamar wasn’t even out of bounds yet!!!
He was in bounds!!!
That’s bullshit
"So if he was on the hashmark, no problem?


But because he lands out if bounds its a penalty. Ok"
What a bullshit call...
Fuck the pussy Ravens
Game plan is just hit Lamar every play whether he has the ball or not and I’m okay with it
He’s dancing around in bounds and not out yet when we hit shoved him out. That’s bullshit.
Soft as fuck
"Shocker, the ex QB thinks that was a penalty"
fuck refs
They have Lamar down. Every play. Someone on him. He can’t run
Ref's keeping the rat birds in this
This is why I hate these penalties we should have been off the field but these refs screw us on a clean play in bounds with no blown whistle.
Fuck the ravens. Gifted a fucking touchdown
Come on defense let’s do this thing
"4 minutes into the game and I’m cracking beer #2.

Soon to be #3."
"I know I’m late, but that call was such bullshit. We’re not allowed to hit players who are inbounds now?"
Butt tackle 2020???
"'Who the fuck are you trying that shit boy?!'

Not sure who that was yelling it at Jackson but that was great lol."
The world would be better if Refs didn’t exist
"Why do we always have to be Pittsburgh with stupid decisions the where out. 

We need one guy just keeping eyes on Lamar."
how much the refs paid today?
Shocking first play a run.  Next once again
Makeup call?
Fuck.  Get your shit together guys.
Fuck...
Ok. Defense needs to step up.
I thought he managed to get that back for a second
Beating ourselves
"Because I am a steelers fan, I’m going to over react. This is fucking bullshit forreals though"
If you don’t love that you don’t love AFC north football babeeeey
"So question, not saying this is what happened but perfect example.

Balls on the ground for a fumble There is a clear recovery by a guy before the pile gets there and when the pile is done the other team has the ball...whose ball?"
It’s gonna be a nail biter boys. Buckle up and grab another cold one. We’re in it for the long haul.
Gotta stop giving them 4-6 yards per rush
I like the way we are hitting Jackson on every play.
They said the ball is slick out there today. There's no reason for our defense to strip a ball too.
Ravens fans already blaming tj for the injury lol
I’m not liking the success of Ravens’ first down plays
Both lead blocks massive holds... no call
This is going to get ugly
Alualu fuuuuuck
Bud is a fucking animal
FUCK YES DUPREE!
Defensive game it is
Let’s fucking goooo
Tyson is a huge loss. Damn.
Offense has to have a nice long drive. Please no 3&0
Of course Alualu and Diontae are hurt.
BUD DUPREE WAS ON THAT ASS
You know what I noticed with that Claypool fumble is that we got a matchup advantage there.  Don’t be shocked if we go back to that later on Peters.
"So I am angry at the bullshit heyward penalty don't get me wrong.
But man, this feels like a 2010 game."
I’m gonna have a heart attack this game
BUD BROUGHT A BUDDY
We gotta get some more efficient runs on this drive we can’t win without a big game from Conner
How far up your own ass do you have to be to make an ad like that FedEx one?
Am I the only one that yells at the TV for Ben to fucking hike the ball? Lol
I know their D is good but we look fucking horrid
Ben doesn't seem on same page with his receivers when he throws the deep ball.
A fucking run on 3rd and 10
Someone pls explain to me that decision to rush on 3rd down there?! WTAF
Are they even trying to play offense?
Run on 3rd & 10???
Buckle up.  This is gonna be a tough one.
Why run it there? We have to pass the ball on 3rd and long
my mom can do better play calling than this
Run on 3rd and 10? Wtf is going on? I’m definitely not feeling great rn their offense has moved the ball a lot more effectively than ours has so far.
"The defense cannot carry us if the offense is gonna be this bad. Also, classic shit from Berry"
A short run on 3rd & 10 is so typical.
How is that better than Colquit?
Does anything make these threads angrier than a third and long draw play?
Lmao a draw on 3&10 why r they so scared
Of course the offense comes out looking like dog shit
Wtf was that
Lol a fucking run really?
Jesus Christ we need a punter
"After that run on 3rd and 11, both Eric Ebron and Ben shrugged their shoulders in disgust towards the sideline, likely complaining about a running call on 3rd and long (a Randy Fichtner specialty)."
There's gotta be better punters out there. Re-signing Berry is a joke.
There’s the classic Berry we all expect
"Good thing Berry's back 

right guys"
Yo dude what the fuck was that punt
Does the front office believe that Berry is the only punter in the world?
Oh yeah fucking beautiful don't even try on 3rd just to have an absolute shit punt
Jordan Berry is lucky he has a job with us
This is such a weird game
I have a hard time believe it that Berry is one of the best 32 punters in the world
Fuck Jordan Berry
Was colquit really not better than 34 yards?
Missi Matthews reports Tyson Alualu is doubtful to return
BUD WAS HELD. WTF
That hold on bud
"I get why you wouldn't wanna risk anything on 3rd & 10 inside your own 20 against this defense. But we're gonna have to improve a lot offensively and we're gonna have to it fast, because our defense has basically been on the field the entire 1st quarter and as great as our defense is, you're not going to last especially against this physical offense"
Ben can pooch punt 34 yards
Have to be afraid hitting him anywhere near the line because of those refs
No hold on Bud or anything
It amazes me in a world of 7 billion people that we can't find one person who can consistently punt a football 50+ yards.
Tuitt killed 2 people on that sack
Bud held on two straight plays
NotLikeThis
So many injuries today man :/
is stanley the one that got paid?
Hope Stanley is ok
Injuries just fucking suck. Hope for a  quick recovery
"Feel bad for Stanley, looked awful"
Hope he’s okay. As much as I hate the ratbirds it’s terrible to see someone get hurt
Broke his ankle. Damn.
I hope Stanley will be ok.
That injury does not look pretty
"That looks bad. Prayers up hate to see it. Can’t tell if it’s ankle or knee, but the ankle looked “loose” to me for lack of a better word."
Ffuuuu. Get better my man
That's fucking awful :(
"So many injuries so far, I hope we don’t see many more. Sucks to see guys on either side hurting like that."
">DT Alaualu doubtful to return 

fuck"
It’s nice to hear he at least got paid if it’s a bad injury... fuck I hate knees
"God must be looking out for Stanley though. Sucks he got injured, but at least he got paid literally a day before this happened"
just getting to a device.... just wanted to express that unnecessary roughness penalty that gifted them a TD was some bullshit.
God damn I hate seeing people get injured. Hope Stanley's season isn't over
"Oh fuck, the replay of Stanley looked terrible. Hate to see it."
Speaking from experience getting rolled up like that is hell. Wish the best for Stanley 💪🏾
"Oh my that fall looked terrible, you really hate to see that, hope the dude is alright"
These defenses on both sides are mucking this game up.. and I love it!
Goddamn Lamar fucking with our sack numbers
"I was worried about this game, but so far I think they match up well against the Ravens. Offense needs to get going."
If the offense doesn’t start doing something we’re gonna be in big trouble boys
"Defence adjusting nicely. 

Need a long td drive"
"Classic ravens/Steelers game, hard fought football."
Now why wasn't that shove a late hit out of bounds...
Bengals are up 10 on the Titans. The hell is happening today?
Fire Haley
So we have 3 sacs this game?
"Lets go, getting some passing plays in"
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL
Is Mason Rudolph back in?
I do not understand those passes from Ben
the offense hasnt been passed the 35
What the fuck is this offense doing. 4 plays 3 plays 5 plays?
Let’s just skip to second half Steelers
"To the untrained eye it looks like the offense is stalling early on


TJ Watt is asking for this! Moar sacks!!!"
So much for flipping the field. Big chunk plays are hurting. That’s like 4 so far.
Theyll never call a hold for our defense every team we play gets a little help
"what was all that about being #1 ranked defense and all that?  I know the O isn't giving them any chance to get a break, but really..."
"Ravens already have 100+ rushing yards, come on you gotta make the stops"
Down their best tackle and still running down our throats
"Run, run, run more runs 

Fucking stop the run... 

Our offense needs to fucking move the chains and give our defense a breather"
Man we are getting shredded this game. We have to step it up. Baltimore is controlling regardless of the score we have by far been the worse team so far
"Love that every year we get our ass beat by 10 yard passes because we run a zone coverage, then come out the next year and run the exact same zone coverage."
He tried to play it off but jackson got pegged there
Defense is getting gassed. Offense has to figure some shit out or else this is going to be a long game
ben and the rest of the offense needs to step up rn
"Without that stupid fumble by them, they would have had 21 points already. Too easy."
All run plays wow
We need a long drive on offense to give the D some time to rest and make adjustments
It would be nice if Ben pulled his head out of his ass and responded on this next drive.
"I can’t help but think if the refs didn’t gift the Ravens first drive, this game would be different"
Offense has been trash for 4 quarters now.
[deleted]
The offense better step it up because the defense is getting tired from always being on the field
keeping Jaylen Samuels on the roster is the worst decision the front office has made in the 21st century
Alualu’s absence is proving to be bigger than imagined
Alright time for the offense to burn the rest of the clock and move the ball down the field to put some points on the board before the half and then get it back at the start of the second half for another good drive. Give the defense a good rest and let them come back to kick ass in the second half on a banged up Ravens offense.
"This is some intense fairweather fans in this thread. It's not even halftime, down by a score and everyone is acting like the sky is falling."
"Don’t matter if Lamar turns it over, if our offense can’t get it together, this game is over. 

Shit reminds me of the Rudolph-Hodges offense smfh"
Wow TJ is upset
"Wtf is Butler yelling at TJ for?

What the fuck is he supposed to do when they got arms wrapped around him"
Was that Watt getting hot?
Conner is the only thing that's effective right now.
Was that Watt and Butler yelling at each other on the sideline?
Ben has been off on the deep ball for much of this year.  Hope he and the receivers start to click more consistently before the end of the season.  Need that as a threat and weapon in the playoffs against the better teams.
Our offense is so stagnant
Throw Judon out what a turd
"DJ has like 4 injuries, what’s he doing getting in a fight?"
"""They can go anyway with this""

Fucking body slammed our guy on the ground"
LMFAO FUCK THE BIRDS
Lol good job Judon
These announcers sticking up for guy....
See ya bitch boy!!!
I dunno if that was intentional.
Go home Judon you’re drunk.
Peters is a trash player. Get him outta here
"""This game, is now canceled"""
Conners giving us some good yards
Juju in the shadow realm?
3rd down. time for ben to try to throw it over the mountains.
Our offense is pissing me tf off!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just turned the game on. How are we doing
What the fuck is going on
"Come on... same scheme, saw it coming... no one can get open"
"Out of fg range,nice"
How does Ben get so many balls batted down? Bro you’re 6’5
Would be cool if Ben would stop sucking
Some things never change... love how bad our play calling is on offense.
Offense has really killed the team today.
Ben fighting off a defender to recover the ball is so fucking cool.
Offense is stagnant
"It's ok. Not a great start but lots of football left.


Steelers defense clamping down.


Offense wearing down the ravens d"
D must stop them getting points before the half
I see the Steelers went into the locker room at halftime in Tennessee and just never came back out
"You’re allowed to call timeouts in the first half, and they don’t carry over. FYI Tomlin"
Where is the discipline? aren't these men supposed to be paid to do this?
"Fuck, here we go... Ben's elbow."
No no no no no no no! Don’t you dare say Big Ben is injured
Fuck fuck fuck please god no Ben
Time to get the drinking bleach out
"Offense has to change, we can't even get into field goal range."
Really worried about Ben rn. I think his elbow is bothering him not good.
It would be great if our offense scored a fucking td before half time
They gonna run the ball 20 times for 5 yards each
Holy fuck. It’s like Henry Winkler watching old game film in the Waterboy. “Oops im just gonna drop the ball then pick it back up before anyone realizes what’s going on.”
Seems a bit like we're refusing to adjust. I like that we're trying to contain lamar but we have to let our olb get in the game and let them blow up the mesh point and take a chance on a corner or safety (maybe on a blitz) tackling lamar
I sucked at flag football. Could never grab the damn flag.
Fuck nvm
Never gonna give us this
Fuck we needed that int
Yeah that should be a quick review :-(
IT NEVER SLIPPED OUT ITS JUST A FINGER TIP CATCH
Hell of an effort by Haden. So close.
"That’s kinda tough. Obviously I want it to be a pick, but I would not be surprised at all if it’s overturned"
thats control with his hand please please please
Refs have been dumb so far. Maybe they’ll fuck this up in our favor?
Please don't overturn it please don't overturn it.
I mean if that was Baltimore I would be screaming incomplete though
pretty sure this gets overturned.
Ugh..I was so hopeful for an interception
We know what's coming and we still can't stop them.
lol we can't stop this rush attack its insanely depressing.
They are so fucking easy to read why don’t they just stop the run? Clearly our secondary is outperforming the front 7 today
"Lmao. No Turnover, give up easy 10. If the ravens just ran Lamar every play we’d still give up 10 per."
Tomlin has the power of God on his side
"4 yards, 5 yards, 9 yards, 5 yards. Our defense just isn’t doing anything"
They run on every. single. play.
It feels like we have had the ball for about 5 minutes of this half.
"I Mean, if we hold them here, we can be fairly happy with this half. We have played like dog shit, havent had the Ball on their half like at all, and we are only down one score. And we get the Ball to start the second half.

So all in All, it has not looked good at all, but as disasters go, this aint the worst one yet. We need to Come out swinging on offense in the second half though"
"I'm so sick of the penalities. Granted that one wasn't against us, I'm just tired of hearing the refs and all the interrupting"
Will we give up 400 run yards today?
They’ve run the same play 5+ times can we please stop the run
Alualu out... Mondeaux in... no wonder we are getting ran on.
"Get to half down by 7 and we are fine. Deep breaths, wasn’t a great half. Make the necessary adjustments at half, then HERE WE GO"
That is embarrassing
Watt is gonna be gassed
"YOURE FUCKING KIDDING ME


SNEAD???? FUCKING SNEAD??"
"Tomlin better do something, this team looks awful"
We’re making Dobbins look like Emmitt Smith out there
"24 whole yards in the half, good shit big guy"
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|PIT|7|@|17|BAL|
|00:34 2nd|LA|7|@|28|MIA|
|14:51 3rd|NYJ|9|@|21|KC|
|11:28 3rd|MIN|14|@|14|GB|
|Halftime|IND|20|@|7|DET|
|14:18 3rd|LV|6|@|3|CLE|
|Halftime|TEN|7|@|17|CIN|
|13:44 3rd|NE|6|@|7|BUF|
|Sun 11/01 04:05 PM ET|LAC|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 11/01 04:25 PM ET|SF|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 11/01 04:25 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|CHI|
|Sun 11/01 08:20 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|PHI|
|Mon 11/02 08:15 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|NYG|
|Final|ATL|25|@|17|CAR|"
What the fuck was that
Defense played pretty well considering they were the only ones on the field the entire half.
"We had a great splash play on the third play, and Baltimore has blown us off the fucking field ever since. Embarrassing. Second half will show what this team is made of."
I will never give up hope.
"Offense looks inept, defense can’t stop the run. One of those games I’ll drink earlier for."
Our offense needs to get some long drives going. The defense can’t be on the field that long
"Offense hasn't been this anemic since the Duck and Rudolph show.

Ben has been off all game and the playcalling has been atrocious."
Verizon really needs to get it together. They've been turning on 5G today for months now.
"All in all, I'll take only being down 10 after that half.  Only way to go is up!"
"Recognize what’s going on, adjust and let’s come back and kick ass this second half. I know the Steelers can do a lot better than what they’re showing us right now"
Well at least we’re only down 10.  That has to be viewed as a positive given how badly we’ve been dominated.
I hope Tomlin is ripping them a new one in the locker room.
It ain’t over yet but 179 rushing yards in one half is pretty bad .
Offense gotta find a heartbeat soon
OPEN THIS SHIT UP
No cutesy screen plays. Stretch em
So no flag?
How isn’t that a flag on the ravens?
Refs have fucked from the start
Refs helping the Ravens out some more. Unfucking real.
Now I know how Browns fans felt two weeks ago.
Does the DB need to punch D. Johnson to get PI???
Interceptions from Spillane and Highsmith. Just as we all expected.
if we dont turn this into a TD we’re in trouble
Fuck it... gonna win the game with only the defense... maybe a punt return as well.  Ben's only TD coming right now.
"Lmao, Jackson is such a bad passer"
Where was Jackson looking at lmao
"FUCK
YES"
Thank fucking god. Still concerned with how little rest the defense is getting
Lets fucking go finally
Starting to feel like a different game now.
Fuuuck thank you for a spark defense
"We are still in this, but my God our defense has scored pretty much all of our points."
Holy shit. Our offense actually did something
GOOD TEAMS CAPITALIZE ON TURNOVERS
More rest for d I guess
"They playing renegade, thank you CBS for giving us POWERRRRRRE"
Lamar is scared man
We need to be ready for the run they are not going to throw
How about we make sure lamars passes?
Lamars really the only reason this game is close lol
WTF was that horseshit?  They potentially got rewarded by having an extra person on the field?  Why don't teams just always put 12 guys on the field in situations where the other team has little to no incentive to go for 2?
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that penalty benefits us not at all. Belichick is gonna have to add that one to his playbook. Just throw 12 guys on the field to ice a kicker.
Spillane is playing very well today
Great play from Spillane
Switching to the 4 up front is looking good... also fuck you Romo
I think we just need to keep the defense fresh.  Offense at least needs to get us first downs.
Awesome play for Spillane
Love to see Spillane step up when given this opportunity.
Spillane has been unreal for us.
He almost called Lamar the reigning superbowl mvp
Eerily similar start to the 2nd half.  Difference this time is the ravens 3 and out wasnt saved by  abs call
LMFAOOOO BEN DOING THE FLACCO SPECIAL
F*ck an MVP. Ben only cares about Super Bowls.
"ahh, pulling a flacco on baltimore

warms my heart"
Make the Ravens secondary PAY!!
so... that was LESS DPI than the one they didnt call earlier. jfc refs come on
Good job Conner. Been running well today
JUJU MUTHAFUCKA
Great job Juju
JUJU great fucking effort
JUJU!
I don’t know why we don’t pass to Juju more often.
juju is a beast
JuJu bring'n it!
juju acting like a MONSTER
LETS GO WHO WOULDVE THOUGH
Just run the fucking ball down the middle lol
LETS GO BABY
JAMES MUTHAFUCKAIBG CONNER
Steeler Football
"God, I need me some Pepto"
Unreal we are winning
Now 3 and out on Lamar
Good thing I picked the wrong day to stop huffing gas. LET'S GO!
Defense needs to get another stop now
This is how a quarterback impresses people. Take notes Lamar.
"No matter what happens the rest of the game, coming back after such an abysmal half of football is great for the team’s confidence and mentality"
"Switched houses at the half, think it’s working!"
Ah so close spillane
Wow if only the grass wasn’t wet
Fuuuuck... so close to ANOTHER turnover
That was fucking beautiful by Watt
WATTTTTTTTTT
Big stop beware of the fake punt boys
Holy shit watt
Fucking aye defense. Let’s go!
I want more. LFG.
ATTA BOY WATTTTT
1.21 TJ WATTS!!
I wonder why Tomlin didn't throw a red flag. He slid out while holding the ball on his hip.
I love JuJu so much but I’m starting to wish I got TJ’s jersey instead! No shade at all tho
Hell of a play by watt
"much better stopping the run, one long drive pls"
Fuck yea this momentum switch is what we needed
Any word on Alualu’s injury?
It would be nice to have a punter like the Ravens.
Plays like that is why we keep T.J. on the payroll no matter what that looked too good to trade or not pay to see on our side.
We still have another 3 hours in this game
Did Romo just lose NNN on air
would had been a big run if he could keep his footing
This field is wet garbage
Awful play calling and drive on such an important drive of the game deep in your zone where you don’t want to punt. Ravens offense will have great field position
they damn feet don’t work
WTF was that play call?
Well that was fucking ridiculous.
The no huddle is working great.....We better go back to the first half offense.
wtf was that? glad we don’t even want to try keeping the pressure on
Don’t feel like we played that drive with much urgency
James Harrison with the big hit let’s goooooo
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
Throw it past the Chains please. Even deep in our own territory.
LETS GO PASS RUSH
BUGGS CAME TO PLAY BABY
Buggs is popping off
I’m feeling a forced fumble and recovery by the Steelers on 3rd down
Is bugs the alualu replacement?
4 sacks. Lets go
Trash ass fucking coverage
Can we play fucking football and stop with these goddamn commercials. Holy fuck!
Glad to see that flag. Whew
Hard to believe we have the leagues best defense lol
Thank god
Nobody even treid to tackle him
whew that was close
Fuck you Baltimore
"Holy shit, secondary? Are you playing this series?"
two busted coverages on nelson
Good call. Would have been a sack if watt wasn’t held
Dope just gave up a 3rd&14 now a 2nd&22. I think the D has been drinking their own kool aid
Fucking spy Lamar inside the 20
Bro WHAT THE FUCK. WHERE IS THE COVERAGE.
Our defensive coverage is non existent
What the fuck is with all these busted coverages?
The defense is on the field too much. Offense needs to step up next drive.
White paint. Out of bounds!
"Oh yay, refs are gonna give it to them since they challenged now."
I guess Tony Toe Tap didn’t teach his cousin that move
Two blown coverages is wtf type of shit they doing.
"Right knee is OB, literally left a divot on the white paint."
I swear I’ve heard a foot+same knee does not equal two feet
No way that’s a catch
You have to feel bad for the DLine when our safeties keep pointing at clouds smh
No way they can overturn that
Okay so even though that is out...why is someone wide open?? Like that’s literally 3 plays in a row now..
They go for it on 4th y’all think ?
Two words: indisputable video evidence.
At least they lost the timeout🤷🏼‍♀️
what happened to that secondary from last season
"As I said, our offense has to win this game for us."
Zone at the goal line?
Damn I hate the ravens.
How does our def go from looking like a top def and then a few seconds later like the Cowboys def?
Fucking can we DO ANY FUCKING COVERAGE FUCK
Why tf was tj watt in coverage
Right now we need a clock eating drive. 9+ mins and a TD.
D shit in their hands and clapped that series
Goddamn Ravens games are always so close
Crazy catch by ebron
Like they would ever call roughing on Ben
"That totally was a late hit.  

Nice catch Ebron."
Ebron gave me a heart attack
Lions fans turning in their graves at that catch
"
Bills are about to win coz Newtown fumbled in the redzone"
Let’s go juju way to go
juju is the man
Juju is a beast of a receiver
Only way to stop us. PI
Juju can really get yards with 3 dudes on him.
"We need to keep slinging it downfield, their secondary is handsy."
MAPLETROOOONN
MAPLETRONNNN 🍁
LETS GO CHASE FUCK YES
Mapletron is big dick football
MAPLETRON CLAPPIN CHEEKS
You absolutely love to see it
now defense just needs to not shit the bed again. fucking please man
I want the drug they gave Ben at halftime
Nice pass by Ben
"Now if the defense can make a quick stop, that’d be huge"
De-fence
"Good concept for the red zone, but that ball needed to be a dime, and it was"
That was huge! JuJu was tough as nails on that drive. Now time to drop the Curtain! RENEGADE!
**DEFENSE DO YOUR DAMN JOB NOW!!!**
Cmon defense. We need yall motherfuckers right now! Make us proud!
Praying for a nice TJ sack on Lamar to close this game
Best Rivalry in 21st century NFL
Defense PLEASE go win this one
Please defense please get a fucking stop
"Do refs make halftime adjustments too? They missed so many of the same calls they're making in the second half. If they could just somehow be consistent, there wouldn't be so much room for arguments of bias or bad calls. 

Loved that drive and the end result, but I wish it could have been pure football, regardless of if they were good or right calls."
This is the most crucial drive for our defense!!! Please for the love of god lets get some stops!!
Lottttts of time left.
Good guy Jackson please hand us another turnover plz
I mean lamar gotta be tried by now. Finesse this fool.
Time for a Minkah pick...he is overdue.
Our defense is fucking garbage this quarter holy shit
MAKE LAMAR THROW IT
"If defense doesn’t get a stop, we’re gonna be on the Ben 2 minute drill. Ugh"
3rd quarter defense come back bby
Go back to stopping the run
Wtf is this a college offense
They don’t even need to pass
They're really about to just waltz into the endzone without passing the ball
No no no no no no not Heyward
Heyward hopefully just stallin’...
Can the offense and defense ever do well at the same time?
This is why you can't keep the d on the field for the entire first half. They are beat and gassed.
"'They've been in every game, no one has really been up on the Browns except the Ravens. They aren't a pushover in the division anymore.'

The fuck? We destroyed them."
"Is our plan to let them score a TD really fast so we get the ball back, cause this sucks."
They are straight rawdog bareback ass-slapping our run defense
I don't think you understand how difficult it is account for a qb that can run like Jackson. Too many options and you can't just blitz you'll get torched.
ITS THIRD DOWNNNNNNNN
GET A STOP
Biggest play of the game upcoming.
ONE MORE
This game’s stressing me out
I mean....this is just classic
PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP PLEASE STOP
Steelers sell out on the run and Jackson throws a pass a middle schooler could throw better for a first/td.
Oh mama.....
These games age me
Worried about this 4th down...
Shit Ben's face just said it all.
BRUH my heart is going to pop
"I would send the fucking house here - either get them off the field, or let them in the end zone. Letting them pick and choose their shot from inside the 5 (with the way they've been running the ball) likely means you are getting the ball back with about 45 seconds left and no TOs instead of 1:55 and two TOs."
I’m shaking omg
this reminds me of the 20 seconds before a powerball draw
Currently: Renegade
Another heart attack game.
THAT’S MY D
GET FUCKED LAMAR
Buggs man
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FUCK THEM RATBIRDS LETS GOO
MY STYX SONG WORKED! He screamed right when we smothered Jackson!!!
ONE FIRST DOWN COME ON
"#DONT YOU EVER DOUBT OUR BOYS AGAIN

💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪"
RENEGADE IS ON.
Please. Keep. The. Ball. Safe.
Need one first down. One.
"First off, fuck all the fans that were talking negative shit and are celebrating now. Two, I love Minkah Fitzpatrick."
"Inb4 chase ends this game on a sweep

:("
The most obvious run ever
If Derek was playing we might have made that
Come on Berry you fuck do something
Not shocking that the offense isn’t gonna get it done. Putting it back on the defense
HOLD ON TO YOUR BUTTS
STAND UP AND GET YOUR TOWELS!!!
"it just feels like we fail all the time in short yardage like that. unless it's benny snell, usually, oddly enough."
Currently: Renegade again
"If there's such a thing as a ""prevent offense"", we just ran it."
Pretty decent punt
Picked a good time to have his best punt of the year
"Give it to Claypool to run, NOT Conner."
Grounding
Berry showed up for that punt and Pool got free
Punt it you cowards
WTF
WTF DEFENSE
BROOOOOO WHAT THE ACTAUL FUCK
cam heyward is quitly playing a great game
That's the worst thing that could have happened
how do you leave him that wide fucking open
They're gonna put time back on too dammit
4 Endzone shots fuck
Stay classy raven fans
An injury and more time.  Unbelievable
Expletives!   Expletives!!!
Please god just a Charlie horse
Classless city
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
HOPE CAM IS OK
WOOO FUCK YOU RAT BIRDS AND THE GIFT TD
YEEEEESSSSSSSS
7-0!!!!
"Wow. Wow. And also, wow."
7-0. Good game ravens
We did it
Oh my lord my heart is pounding
7-0 GANG
holy shit we won
How we won is beyond me
My hospital bill is gonna be crazy from all of the heart attacks this team gives me.
What a win!
MINKAH!!!!!! FUCK YES.
My heart rate is 121 bpm. Let’s fucking go!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3-2-1-FUCK-BALTIMORE
Great game! Really glad we can close game like this.
Ravens fans gonna be pissed about the time but fuck em.
"If you don't like that, you don't like the top half of AFCN footbal."
You would think after last year that our team would’ve gotten a backup QB
I will orgasm if we go up 28-17
Can't have dumb fucking penalties against the Ravens. They're too good
You guys blaming cam are fucking dumber than the official that called it
Oh right this is why we cut Berry in the first place 🙄
See how Jackson tried to tip toe on the sideline and try to get extra yardage? That’s why you finish the play and push him out of bounds. That call was so fucking bad.
TJ just forced the reigning NFL MVP to make a *rookie* mistake
Wow we’ve been horrible since last game’s second half
I can't tell if this is a sub for Steeler fans or a Steelers hate group lol.
Bye Judon fuck off
This offense hasn't looked right since the Claypool game.
"I forgot just how boring the Ravens are to watch. They literally run the same 5 plays over and over and over and over and over.

Explains why most Ravens “fans” I know don’t watch the games."
It's funny that the defense is keeping us in the game and they're not even playing very well.
This is the type of game you miss devin bush
"Good Lord, I can't wait until this election is over."
"After taking the first half completely off, our offense should come out fresh!"
Ben called that whole drive. Beautiful
Romo that wasn’t even close wtf are you saying
Fuck Romo! Never really heard him so impartial during a game before
They are running the EXACT FUCKING PLAY 3 TIMES IN ONE DRIVE. And we do fucking shit against it. Butler is just lucky that he has one of the most talented front 7. Otherwise he wouldn't have a job.
Butler: We've tried nothing and we're out of ideas
Bomb it to Mike wallace
Watch us lose to Cincinnati LMAO
Fuck injuries I don't care who you are
I havent given up we gonna destroy these rat birds next half
I’ll never ever forgive how much you guys constantly shit on Ben Roethlisberger
Must be nice to have garbage refs on your side.
Rub Bens elbow with a Boston cream pie donut and get on with it. Get him a coffee to go with it
"If Ben gets hurt again, our 6-0 start won’t mean a fucking thing. I think this off season we need to search for the next QB up, because I really don’t think Mason is our guy."
I cannot wait until Tucker retires.
I would love us to come out in the second half and kick some fucking ass. Shut these half time mother fuckers the fuck up. Romo and nantz as well bunch of ravens dick riders.
"I retract anything I’ve ever said about respecting Baltimore. If those are the kinds of fans you inspire, you’re no better than the Bengals."
Fucking what. He was inbounds.
Here just to say fuck the refs. Should have been a punt and steelers ball. FUCK the refs
This game just got started. Calm the fuck down...
Offense looks flat as fuck
An NFL player has to catch that
How many fucking balls has ben had batted down this season. Jfc.
"Ravens fan here. Judon fan as well. That shit was weak as fuck. Deserves to be ejected. I love the jawing and physicality, but that was dirty and unnecessary. Where is the respect?"
Ben is having an off day at the worst time.
I can’t watch if we have to play Rudolph
BEN ELBOW WATCH
We needed that bye week for ben’s elbow :(
Did we even watch the chiefs tape vs these guys?
Damn couldn't you be at least consistently wrong and give us that one
I keep telling myself this wouldn't happen if bush was in but deep down I know that's not true.m.
D has no chance against a rested ravens offense if our O can’t keep them off the field.
Man if you want to see some dramatic people this is the place to be
I called Ben hot trash five minutes ago. I apologize.
“are d sucks” If it was any other defense the score would be 28-0
"""Buggs is hopping around"" lmao"
Buggs built like a fucking towtruck. Let's goooo!
Romo begging to make that a catch...
I seriously hate hate hate Keith butler. I hated Todd Haley but I had butler more. Always in fuckin zone
No call and not roughing the passer/late hit? Fuck off refs.
alrighty fellas go lick the light socket to get the hreat back to normal. see yeah next week. 7 AND 0 FUCKERS
Ive finally sat down and have stopped pacing..
"Cbs blacked out the midwest for packers.

Anyone got a stream link?"
Love you guys
"Alright back with Chinese food (fuck breakfast smells so good walking back into the house...), got a really good Sativa ground up this week, dogs and myself are in our jerseys, and a victory pre-roll is ready for tomorrow morning. 

Let's fucking do this!"
I’m nervous
"I just want everyone to know, no matter what happens today, always Recycle 





TO THE EXTREME!!!!!!!"
**IT'S TIME**
LETS GOOOOOOOO
"I haven’t been this hype for a Steelers game since the playoff game vs Jacksonville back in January of 2018. Don’t get me wrong, I love watching the Steelers play, but this matchup has a different feel than just another regular season game"
"I’m not watching yet. But you know the deal.

FUCK THE RAVENS! 

HERE WE GO!"
LETS FUCKING GO
SPILLANE!!!!
Spillane!!! Big play!!! Wooo!!!
NIGHT TRAIN SPILLANE
That’s why you don’t let your running back throw the ball
YIEWWWWW
FUCKINNNG SPILLANE YOOOO
ROBERT FUCKING SPILLANE
Holy fucking shit. I just Spillaned my pants!
SPILLANE BABY!
Yeeeeeeeeees
Spillane you beautiful motherfucker
Dad!
I know I just met you Spillane but I love you!🥰
"Devin Bush who? Just kidding he is the man, but what a play on the ball."
Robert Spillane!!!!
Let’s fucking go!
Ooooohhhhhh!!!
SPILLANE IN THE RAIN
Who said we needed to shore up the ILB position?
LLASDF;KAJSDF
Motherfucking ROBO! SPILLANE!
"LAMAR RATTLED 


HE’LL RUN LESS"
Let's fucking go!
Nice
Tone setter lets go!!
"SUCK IT, BALTIMORE!"
I guess he is pretty decent in coverage.
Damn he got wheels
Wooooo!! Great start boys!
"I jokingly predicted to myself that the first play of the game would be a pick six for us

Well I wasn’t too far off"
So happy for Spillane
ROBERT “FIRST ROUND TALENT” SPILLANE
Spillane DPOY
Did we get lucky on Watts hit?
i like that start. seriously couldnt have started better lol
Seeing Lamar be trash because he's a shit passer pleases me
SPILLANEEEEEEEEEE
"Killer B's 2.0: Bob Spillane, Bince Billiams, Bud Dupree, TJ ""BJ"" Watt, Bam Beyward"
I’M SO HYPE AND IT’S 1 MIN INTO THE FIRST
"Please sir, may I have another?"
boohoo lamar got tackled
Omfg
Heyward wtf dude you gotta be smarter than that
Bullshit call
Bull fucking shit
Refs dick sucking the ravens
REFBALL NO FUN LEAGUE
That was weak
Total bullshit
"HOLY FUCKING SHIT, REF BALL!"
Bullshit. It’s not Sunday if the refs don’t fuck us
Cam needs to not fucking do that out of bounds I think the Titans rubbed off on him lol
Are refs just ass this year?
Oh come the fuck on...
Refs fucked
Same ol refs
Soft ass fucking refs
Looks like another group of refs trying for more screentime than the players
"It’s gonna be like that? Fuck it, no mercy"
Refs expertly playing the role of Patrick in the Patrick's Wallet meme on that call.
In a game of inches lets punish the defense for trying to prevent yardage via tackling
Dude fucking A they’re going to score off of a soft ass call in the hardest hitting rivalry in the league.
He's very mobile...
That was almost the Sanchez butt fumble
This drive should have been over. How disappointing
Why you can’t keep giving away bullshit penalties.
"Alright, offense. Let's fucking go"
Having no coverage linebackers really showed on that drive
Fuck man. Our defense should’ve got off the field but we have to get a stop on 3rd down come the fuck on
Oh look our linebackers covering their receivers. Can’t say I’m surprised
Real convenient that Larry Hogan decided this was the week to let fans back in to stadiums in Maryland
Well. 7-7 and our offense is just seeing the field. HERE WE GO!
Guys. Give Heyward some slack. Hits are fine on Lamar. Want to shake this young guy up. I’m fine with the hits. Teach them if they want to pass.... it’s going to hurt.
That touchdown should’ve never happened. Heyward needs to be smarter and Vince Williams needs to never cover anyone.
Anyone have a gif of that penalty?
I feel good man.... the Ravens didn’t earn that shit. Our D is dominate just a stupid penalty
I dunno thought Vince was in good position just a helluva throw
Can't win with all these dumb ass penalties.
Alright let’s get this offense rolling now
Refball
Imagine naming your team after a fuckin bird lmao
Finally a fucking penalty on Baltimore
It looked like he got it back
I think that was repaying for the bad Heyward call.
Must have talked about ball security all week...
Fucking fuck
So it’s gonna be one of those games. Cool. 😒
Ahhhhh claypool wtf
well. fuck. come on dudes.
Smh. Ravens games are always this kind of frustrating.
Ravens dude didn't have possession of that on the ground.
"Steelers penalties and turnovers 

that's how you lose a game"
"Lets go! good game today, we still got this. If it aint hard fought i dont want it"
I hate injuries.
"Fuck, that wasn’t what I wanted our first offensive possession to be.  Though Ravens threw a pick on their first offensive drive too."
"Y'all, players streaming video games and uploading tiktok videos has nothing to do with their performance on the field. Give 'em a break. It's not like they're doing it on the practice field or during  film study. As long as it's not illegal, against team/league rules, or can cause them or others injury, their free time is their own."
Haden clearly held down field
That play right there is where we miss bush.....
"I hate people freaking out over people freaking out in first Quarter. 

Us shooting ourselfs in the foot is not new news. Instead of capitalize on teams mistake we give them opportunity and always make the game 5x harder to win."
Love seeing our entire secondary getting held down the field
LETS GO
DUPREEEEEEEEEE
PAY THAT MAN
Let’s go boyyyysss defense stepping up!!!
Suck a dick weak hand lamar
This game is fucking wild already. 3 turnovers in the first 10 minutes.
That’s it boys! IM BUYING A BUD DUPREE JERSEY
Very clear fumble.
BUD SAVED US
Bud.... please God may we resign him.
DEEP BALL TO JUJU FOR 95
Fuck yeah boys!!!
A gift.  Now do something with it.
BUD FUCKIN DUPREE
LOL they've played like 10 min and 2 huge guys are out
"Oh my god, yes, a fumble and recovery"
LETS FLIP TTHE SCRIPT NOW BOYS LFGGG
saved by the bud
fucking finally lol good awareness on Edmunds fighting by his man on that recovery
Romo in shambles after Lamar has terrible pocket presence
No punts allowed
**THANK FUCK **
[deleted]
"Today is not going to be good for my blood pressure, is it?"
"These game threads are so damn toxic. Not even a quarter and this thread acts like it's time to clean house and rebuild. Steelers have a tendency to start slow, we all know that. A few bad plays doesn't make a team bad. Yeah it can kill you, but the steelers are pretty good when it comes to winning. Its never safe to count them out, especially in the first damn quarter."
What is that playcall
Huh?
what the fuck was that
"3 and 10, run it up the middle... Brilliant."
Imagine how good we’d be with a good offensive coordinator
"what, THE FUCK"
What's going on with our offense. Can't move the ball.
Garbage punt
Why are you guys surprised with the playcalling lol
Terrible punt. Jesus
Oh wow terrible punt
Lol that punt WTF
Guess we’re gonna rely on our defense to do everything this game
Our defense has been on the field a lot...hope they don’t get tired
This playcalling is killing us
Why we running on a 3rd and 10?
How have we just not had a punter in decades
What kind of pussy ass playcalling is that?
Fichtner needs to be looking for another job this off-season.  The amount of talent he’s squandering with his bullshit play calls is embarrassing.
I knew Berry would fuck us. God dammit
God Berry is such a cunt...
I think he shoulda went to outside on that
Why can’t we find a fucking punter
Why can you get a real fucking punter Jesus Christ
What absolutely terrible playcalling so far
Steeler's and awful punters name a better duo
">3rd Down

>draw play"
My kingdom for a punter
Is there literally no other options at punter?
Berry is definitely back......
This offense looks like they aren’t even trying.
Offense needs to amp the fuck up. Defense can’t be on the field the entire damn game
Are you actually fucking kidding me? A 3rd and 10 run has like no chance of success
Why can we not figure out a punter. Colquitt wasn't a God or anything but Berry scares the fuck out of every time. Its either a 30 yard short or long line drive giving them a decent return. Thats if he doesn't fuck up the snap
"That's the Berry we know and ""love"""
Another 30 yarder from Jordan 'What Other Choice Do You Have' Berry.
The defense needs to stop the run on first down.
What a blatant holding again on Dupree. You only miss that on purpose.
thats not a holding on Dupree though
Mannnnn these injuries on both sides blow
"And he fights going down. No more fucking roughing on this guy 

If your going to fight, you get what you get"
Jordan Berry at it again. I can't believe we brought this guy back. He blew so many big punts last year.
Raven injury looks bad. Hope he’s okay.
Heart goes out to the big man
And Tuitt was being held on that sack. Eff these refs man
Ronnie Stanley down on the ground    🙏🏿
Fuck injuries man
"these linemen dropping like flies, dang"
Fuck... fuck you don't want to see that... terrible
Ouch. That looked painful
3 turnovers and 3 injuries in the 1st quarter
Too many injuries
$112 million dollars???????
Damn. I feel really bad for Stanley. I hope he’s ok.
"Thoughts go out to Stanley. No matter how much I hate the Ravens, I never want to wish injury upon anyone"
Fuck. That didn’t look good. Hope Stanley is okay... This field is fucking people up today.
"My girls sister planned out gender reveal party for today. I really fucking hate to miss this game, but hopefully we'll find out if I have a future Steelers player today lol."
"Ouch getting rolled into is never a good situation. Silver lining is at least he got paid. Hope for a speedy recovery, that's a tough loss."
This is why we need a punter our field position always sucks.
Defense is on fucking point wow
This just going to be a defensive dogfight
Alright someone brew some espresso for this offense.
Incredible defensive performance on that drive to keep them out of field goal range. Now it's time for the offense to collect themselves and put together a good long drive. Have patience folks.
Now if our offense can get the wheel turning
The defense has been perfect this quarter apart from one Brainfart just to bad it turned monumentom
This offense needs to get...it...in...gear.  Pull your heads out of your asses and at least grind out some first downs.  The Ravens have a kick ass defense but you guys are pros too.
Hope our offense wakes up now
Lamar about to run for his life
D is playing well enough to win.  We need a scoring drive here.
Where was the late hit flag on McCloud for that?
That snap was digusting
How about that late hit or do holdings and late hits only count if you can call them on the steelers.
That snap was sus...
That snap ???
Our offense looks terrible today.
We just need a long drive. Give our defense some rest
Our offense has got to wake up
gotta put some maple syrup on those gloves
Offense looks rough so far
Lmaoo this offense is depressing so far
Baltimore really had 111 yards in the 1st quarter. Wow.
Who gets the ball after the half?
Over thrown? Come on Big Ben you gotta get it together. Defense can't do it all.
Nice punt Berry
Offense needs to figure something out here...
I'm feeling some defensive splash right here. No 100 million dollar man upfront. Boys will eat
Man cannot win on defense alone
Get a stop and start with the ball not inside our own 20
3 drops already on the game.  Sheesh.  Ravens getting lucky this game with ref ball and the rain
Defense is gonna start really getting at Jackson with their line down two people and depth is gonna be a problem for them today.
"Defense is ok right now,  but how long u til it gets tired from the offenses ineptitude"
I really wish we had Devin Bush for this game. We need his speed for a game like this
Well I made it 3 minutes into the second quarter without drinking...
without alualu they are winning at the point of attack
"“See? It doesn’t even matter”

-Berry"
I feel like by the time this game is over I’m going to need to take a shower
"2 O line subs, and they’re gashing us on the run"
Alualu being out is hurting big right now
maybe if our offense can be on the field for longer than 20 seconds our defense wouldnt be so tired
Offense needs to help the defense out for once and give them a long rest
Wtf happened to our supposedly best in the league run D?
"Good Lord, how are these gaps so huge"
Offense has to do something. Defense is tired.
Defense getting gassed now
"defense is tired, offense needs to step up"
Ohhhhh we’re in trouble
Bud isn't fast enough to contain Lamar like that
Offense has to be better. D is balling out as per but offense can't sustain a drive to kill clock. Could be our only downfall this season
"If we could fix the play calling we may actually be winning.

3rd and 10, you run. 2nd and 3rd, two straight pass plays. Team is being coached by monkeys with headsets on it seems"
one day fichtner will not be the OC and ill be alot happier
Defense can't stop every drive their getting worn down
they threw one pass on that drive
can’t wait to watch our offense do absolutely nothing now
A long scoring drive would be hype rn.
Defense been on the field all day can't really blame them. Offense needs to look better
Ok. Lets see if the offense can respond before we give up on this game.
What can your expect when our offense has only been on the field for 5 fucking minutes
41 yards on offense is . . . Something
"Alright. Offense the defense is doing plenty right now, but they have to be getting gassed. Please do something"
"Offense can't stay on the field to give the D a break. 

This game is over if we go 3 and out on this next drive."
[deleted]
The announcers are actually praising Lamar for being hit...huh?
"Welp, at least they earned that one. Hopefully that wakes the offense up."
If Ben doesn't make something happen this drive were fucked. Can't expect the defense to play 45 minutes.
Defense is getting tired. Offense really needs to sting together a drive now.
There's still a lot of game to go. It wouldn't be steelers football if your heart wasn't in your mouth the whole time. I have faith
"If we can't get long drives on offense, their offense is gonna wear our defense down. Need to put together a long drive right now"
One long TD drive here and everything is essentially tied up. It's insane how one sided this feels for being so close.
Where is our offense?
Looks like we have Rudolph or Duck out there right now lol. This offense is stagnant
"Can our offense do something please? They have 10 more minutes of possession than us, our defense isn’t gonna be able to do shit if they have to be on the field the whole game"
I’m buying Spillane jersey! This guy plays his heart out. Almost smoked the goal line gap again.
It’s a one score game and so many comments are just toxic af. Is it because the fair weather fans have returned now that we are undefeated and haven’t watched a ravens Steelers game in a while?
What's up with the Run D? Not watching.
"The offense needs a long drive to let the defense rest.  As flat as the Steelers have looked on both sides of the ball, 14-14 at halftime is a win....and very fortunate."
I HAVE AN IDEA HOW ABOUT THROW IT TO SOMEONE NOT COVERED BY PETERS
Ben has to stop going for the long balls
Ben looks rough
Pay James idgaf he’s the only one doing shit
"Romo: Ravens scored a td.

This sub: Wow, Romo sucking the Ravens' dick"
Watt is gonna murder someone when he gets back out there
Stop running it on second and long holy shit.
Conner you’re too good for us
It's just gonna be off setting penalties
Give us that call. It was back and forth until Judson came in
"“They can go anyway with this”


And you think this is a good thing, romo?"
They’re gunna fuck this up.
Holy crap
GET EM OUT OF HERE GOOD
HE PUNCHED HIM
I'll take it.
Marcus Peters is a prick. Throw him out too
Good job dumb ass judon.
Peters is a fucking bitch
BASED REFS BASED REFS
Obviously not trying to hit the ref but he still hit him
Bye bitch
What a dirtbag lol have fun watching the game
Swinging at an official is easily the worst thing you can do in this game
Hell yeah. Get Judon out of here.
Bye Felicia!
Number 99 for Baltimore can GTFO
Juju >>>>>> ju
This game has very little throwing the ball
Enough with the running
"That wasn’t intentional, I’ll take it but I don’t feel good about it lol."
Imagine not flexing the Cowboys Eagles SNF game for this
We suck today on offense.
Sweet Lord what is happening with this offense?
Ben and batted passes. WTF?!
Stupid penalties
ben is looking awful today
"Ben, you're too old to break out of that..."
We need a WR1
Feel like we’re playing New England
"Good punt again Berry, wow 2/3 today"
God fucking damn it.
Offense needs to figure out their fucking issues. This is pathetic
Finally get plays in Ravens territory and do Jack shit with it
Offense is really not looking good today.  Hopefully we can get it together after the half.
well at least he didnt throw into triple coverage and get picked. again.
Can we go no huddle?
At least we’re punting well.
Holy shit this offense looks awful. Plus it's making the defense play worse since they can't get a dam drive going
Good punt at least
We cannot allow a score here
"Ben, Johnson, & JuJu need to wake the fuck up
Ficthner too"
Offense literally hasn't done anything besides hurting the team. Well at least the defense had a little time to rest after the scuffle.
So are we gonna turn it on and have a completely different 2nd half for our offense?  We get the ball first... still waiting for us to have more than one or two games a season where we are on point the entire game.
Run the damn ball!! Conner is making moves
Missi Matthews says Ben's elbow is being looked at. Helmet is off
any chance we get out of the half only trailing by 7?
Wow this is frustrating
Need to get off the field on 3rd. Defense probably gassed because this offense looks as bad as last year's. Still completely unimpressed with the Ravens. Steelers would be in control if they could get a first down every now and then.
Where would we be without this defense man
"damn, so close"
Incomplete fuck
Nothing like a moment of false hope 😤
They will reverse it. Unlucky.
Not a catch.
Dammit
Good attempt Joe almost had it
Man they should give it to us its secured against the side of his hand
I don’t see Steelers keeping this
"No pick, good try though"
Hot damn. That was almost a crazy play. My heart says there’s an extremely small chance here- but I know my head and logic say “nice try. Get em next play”
"Ah damn. Good effort anyway. Get off the field now.

Respect Haden saying his hand was under it when it really clearly wasn't haha."
"They ruled it a pick initially, hopefully that’s enough to not overturn it. Doubt it tho"
They aint gonna give us this. No way.
ok. need a stop and we got a chance at points.
Offense needs a lot of adjustments in halftime
This is fucking pathetic
10 yard run on 3rd and 6
"What’s a stop, right?"
Have many times can they do the run up the middle or Lamar scramble consecutively?
Let me guess. Lamar run
Lamar is making mistakes. Don’t fucking back off now
Hold them to a field goal and get things fucking right in halftime
"They’ve been running it all game, Lamar hasn’t had any luck throwing so they run it, put more pressure on that run game"
Poor Edmunds on that play - not sure what you're supposed to do when a pulling LT gets a full head of steam on you.
"I'd love ot have a mobile QB like Murray or Lamar. Take a risk on their throwing ability, but hardly any teams can stop a mobile QB. Just rarely works."
We are getting ran on
"Lamar can’t throw. Stack the box, spy him, and make him win with his arm, please."
Wattb is ignoring the runner and going after Jackson every time
This is just frustrating to watch they are killing us up the middle
We can’t stop this fucking run
"There we go.


Make this dude throw"
Keep the game to 7 points and wake the goddamn offense up!!
And another first lmaooooo
That’s a forth
Getting dominated. What an awful game.
Too easy.
"Sure, leave it in the hands of that kicking machine, Tucker."
"If we get out of this half down 7, we would be lucky.  This game is not over yet."
"Alright all we have to do to block the kick and run it in

EDIT: Fuck"
At least we get the ball first next half
We fucking suck today
Sooo this is what I was worried about. In Previous the game wasn’t solely on Ben’s shoulders. Today is a game we need that... and so far is been disappointing
I don't know what needs to fucking happen at halftime but something better happen. Our offense has been garbage.
Offense looks like trash and we can't stop the run. Great
Please Big Ben be okay
It’s damn near impossible for our offense to play worse so it can only get better from here
"Ben: ringo  ringo ringo .... guys they are fucking blitzing to the fucking right 

Ravens : yes"
"Time of Possession 20:09/9:51

D is gassed"
Jesus christ ben 24 yards? Something is wrong
"Ready for the turd quarter offense?

I’m just hoping for a record-breaking comeback in the 4th at this point"
Injured ben  = DANGEROUS BEN
Elbow looks okay
JuJu baby
"""Tied for fewest pass TDs in a half"" is kind of a dumb stat"
I’m really confused about some of these decisions Big Ben is making. Samuels obviously isn’t catching that?
Clear DPI
No flag?
wow. where the call?! you call bs all day then let that slide. wtf.
How did Samuels play RB and TE in college if he’s not going to fight for a ball like that?
ref is looking right at them??????
Oh yea and these refs fucking suck
Refs icing the game. If they're gonna let them do that past 5 yds we're cooked.
That possession was less than a minute. Pathetic
Refs thinking about Sunday dinner
"Ben is throwing as if we still had AB, these dudes not even close.."
Well our defense is screwed
Tough to win without offense.  Should have been DPI but 1st and 2nd down playcalling is off.
Honest question. What the hell are we gonna do if Ben can't play? We know our back-ups are awful.
At least the NFL is doing the right thing to promote voting.  I love it
HIGHSMITH
"Fucking huge INT, make them pay!"
Now fucking score.
If we settle for a FG I cry
"Who needs offense with a defense like that????



(For reals we need both)"
Anyone else still see Lamar Woodley every time Highsmith is on the field?
Ravens are so fucking ass lmao.
Highsmith kinda smurfing today!
"We needed that so bad, thank you Highsmith"
Holy shit Thank fuck they gave us that!
Defense gonna have to win like last year
"Personal foul, Steelers.  Not letting the Ravens win this game going away.  The result of the play is negative eleventy million points and a trillion dollar fine, all Steelers players are retroactively ejected from every game ever played."
Oh hell yeah!
EBROOOOOOONNNN
Fuck yes. Exactly what we needed
EBRON BITCH!!
"The defence is straight dragging us along, like ""WE ARE FUCKING GOING """
Danny Smith has so much gum in his mouth he can't even keep the mask on
BIG BEN WITH THAT BIG DICK ENERGY
It's gonna be a long night for me working a 12.
"We're back in it. This is a hard watch. Turnovers, injuries everywhere"
Our best offense is the defense.
"So when we’ve forced them to beat us through the air, Lamar has given up 14 points. Take a hint Butler!"
Odd the Ravens are still throwing when they've been running all over us.  They want to keep giving us the ball then fine.
SPILLY WITH THE STOP
we needed that 3 and out. for reals.
Spillane playing lights out. Really like this kid.
"Spillane at Thanksgiving 3 years ago. 

“What are you going to now that college is over”

“I’m going to try to play in the NFL”

“Ok Rob. “"
Ebron is carrying us on offense.
Lets go Ben! Find your GROOVE!
"Regardless of the outcome, we can rejoice in our defense making Lemar look like shit"
So are you guys gonna stop hating on Ebron now?
Finally we get that call
about time they called it
Good job Claypool getting open!
Looks like the offense is back from their 4 quarter break.
Gotta love Flaccoing the Ratbirds.
Fair weather fans are real quiet right now
This is great. Clean playing.
Samuels would have dropped that
JuJu fighting for that. You love to see it.
SCORE A TD
What a catch juju
Conner I need you to move forward
LAMAR CANT PLAY WITHOUT A LEAD
Drive it in
LETS GOOO
JuJu does so many things right.
YALL STILL WANT BEN BENCHED?!?!
WE’RE STILL IN THIS SHIT!
LETS FUCKING GO
I already failed NNN
Let's go! This what we wanted from the offense because we know they can move the ball
Back in the lead bitches!!!!!!
Offense finally got it. Let’s keep it going!!!
All hail the King of the Yinzers
We’re...winning?
[deleted]
Second half boys!!!!
Love me some halftime adjustments.
Offense looks way better in the second
"Win or lose,  I love how these teams always match up so well with each other. Rarely do you see a blowout in these games."
Lol @ the unnecessary spin move
Fucking night train Spillane is my hero
FUCKKK ME
Lamar just juked the shit out of a ghost
"goddamn it, get the ball! ugh"
Ahh so close
So many close turnovers today
FUCK GRAB THAT BALL
Someone explain to me why it's not Pittsburgh ball. Spillane had it going out of bounds.
ITS THIRRRRRDDDDDD DOWNNNNNNNNN
Cam Heyward sighting!
How is that not a turnover wtf
Great fucking stop
good stop
BIG STOP LETS GO
Finally we stop on 3rd down
TJ is my dad
Buggs starting to get into his role... also fuck Mondeaux
WATTTTT!!!
Great play by Watt.
Ravens getting too cute with Lamar...
That counts as a sack right?
I would love a long drive for a TD please 🥺
tj watt is unbelievable
SACK #4
Now we’re seeing the Steelers defense we know
Wheels too fast for his own good there
Don’t juke yourself dude..
Damn he juked so hard he threw himself to the ground. The rookie will learn
He had all the space too damn
Wow I always forget how tall Villanueva is
Our defense will have to win this
WHAT IS THAT PLAYCALL
Can't go 3 and out. Fuck
Of course our offense doesn’t do shit
Fucking joke of a play call there
Actually a good punt as well
3rd and 9 and pass the the LOS is our thing
That was one of the better punts from Berry.
Dont mess this up!
"Atta boy, Buggs"
The line jumping to block passes is really messing with Jackson's timing
Lamar....make him see ghosts
Our defense is good.
"That’s what we love, a QB sack"
"3 quarters down, 1 to go. finish strong, fellas!"
I CAN THINK OF ONE STREAK THAT CONTINUES
FINALLY they realize that good things happen when you cover Jackson!
Buggs is coming up big after being inactive in place of a refrigerator last week
Awesome way to finish the 3rd.
Fourth sack of the game baby!!
Infamous Steelers 3rd and long defense
How do you just ignore that. Wide open
How are they allowing that shit?
Edmunds getting burned. Like clockwork.
ARE U FUCKING KIDDING ME
Edmonds come on bro gotcaught flat footed
What the fuck the bengals are beating the titans 24-7
Edmunds you got rekt
Edmunds had been playing well and was starting to earn himself some credit with Steelers fans and that all just went down the drain.
HELL YEAH TAKE IT BACK
Hypothetically... what do you guys think about trading for Gilmore
PRAISE BE TO THE YELLOW FLAG
FLAG YES HOLDING
WHY ARE THEY WIDE OPEN???
Wtf is the defense doing?
2nd and 22 and they get 24... smh
they hold TJ worse than that on every play and no call. so whyd they call that? lol
I'm absolutely mind blown that they actually called the fucking hold for once
What the fuck is going on with the blown assignments?!
This defense has suddenly turned into the Seattle secondary
"Gives over 20 yards on a run.
Steelers: and ill do it again"
Bruh why is everybody open
"This pass coverage is embarrassing, what’s happening?"
Jesus fucking christ. Can we stop long distance first downs
"come on defense, we got lucky there"
The knee hit the stripe no TD
We need to stop busting coverages in the endzone
They can't overturn this one.
they can't overturn that.
Ya that's out. Knee in the white indent pretty clearly. Not enough to overturn to a TD
Didn't we have a play like this last week? It was to be two separate body parts. It can't be a foot and knee on the same leg. By rule that should be out.
Too inconclusive to overturn it
Thank God Lamar can’t throw an easy floater
Harbough can suck my left nut
Not that it mattered
Damnnn we got this still tho
Our fucking secondary
Every play that drive our secondary fucked us. How was every so open on every play.
"Why are they playing so far off the receivers? If they lose they’re gonna look at this drive, they had so many opportunities to get off the field."
Pathetic
Come the fuck on
This game is way too even.
This is why it’s pointless arguing about a TD call on second down. They’re just gonna score again anyhow.
I don't get how Pit lets Brown of all people wide open in the gap.
"I just don't know if it's blown coverage, bad scheming on our part, good routes for Baltimore, or what. But our secondary is getting blown apart the last few plays"
"the zone on this drive has been pathetic, wide open on the three biggest plays of the drive

No man coverage thrown in at all when Lamar is struggling mightily."
That touchdown only happened because of 2 HUGE mistakes by the secondary. So dumb.
"Don’t blame this on the defense. They’ve played relatively poorly, but our offense can’t stay in the field."
Why does our secondary suck horn
We need a good 5 to 6 minute drive to grind their asses down into the dirt. This is just getting started. Tomlin needs to have a fucking talk with the secondary or he needs to mix it up
That 39 yard completion on 3rd & long was a back breaker.
Who was minkah guarding
"Pass interference, no doubt"
The stadium sounds like they are definitely breeching COVID capacity protocols
Roughing the passer call?  For Ben?  no way...
Lmao of course we don’t get that call
That’s a late hit
need a long drive and a td here. no FGs
Ebron has been a good addition so far
what a fucking pick up Ebron was he is coming in clutch
Even the defender expected Ebron to drop that
Bruh peters has been all over our receivers all day
Woahhhhhh that looked like it hurt
"Great hands, Ebron"
refs trying to get control again w/ these flags. ravens starting to get a bit chippy on defense...we gotta stay smart and not retaliate!
My stream has fallen so far behind I don’t wanna look at the live comments lol
The refs found their glasses
Jujuuuuuuuu
JuJu activates man mode.
about time they fucking helped Claypool out. they’ve been all over him the whole game
Bills beat New England. Dynasty over!
You love to see it.
JUJU
That's fucking steeler football JuJu
"Once again, Ravens DBs are a bunch of pigs."
LOVE YOU JUJU
Juju you fucking baller
"Claypool reminds me of young Larry Fitz.

Even down to the big cheesy smile"
i love all the flacco specials ben is utilizing
YES!!!!!!
CLAYPOOL
MAPLETRON
Remember when it was Flaco would just throw it and hope for a PI? Haha... the tables have turned.
the penalty is as good as a catch
CLAYPOOL BABY! THIS OFFENSE HAS COME ALIVE!!!!!!
What a route
LEGGO!
"Do your fucking job, D!"
MAPLETRON!!!!!
CLAYPOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tf has this offense been all game?
YOU CAN ONLY STOP HIM FOR SO LONG
I will have a heart attack if this game goes into OT
Juju moves the chains and Mapletron for the TD.   Love it.
So Steelers game plan for the season has either been: Play a great first half or a a great Second. But never both
Whew. I'm worried about Bal working the clock and coming all the way down the field on us. We need a big stop this drive.
LETS PUT THIS GAME AWAY D
"Juju reminding Ben of Hines. Claypool looking more like the legend, Mapletron, every game"
Just need one more big play on D....
Seriously where was this Ben First half and we targeted JuJu once for 30 min wtf why
"Come on, Steelers. Hold them hold them hold them."
fuck the refs and fuck the birds oh my god
DEFENSE PLEASE GET A 3 AND OUT
Please defense. Please stop them.
Defense wearing out?
That damn pitch play got us twice
Time for some devil's lettuce
Td built by juju and closed by claypool. We need juju's brute force to get the ball forward against these guys.
Come on defense what the fuck
WHAT THE FUCK IS DEFENSE DOING????? SHIT MAN WTF
"Same play, same result :/"
Are we really going to let them run down the whole field in 3 minutes?!
Steelers need a stop or turnover STAT!
COME ON DEFENSE. YOU GOT THIS. STEP UP BIG AND GET A TURNOVER
this defense is unrecognizable holy fucking shit
Why are we playing prevent defense with 6 minutes to go
Just stop the run.
Our players gonna have tire treads on their jerseys from getting ran over all day
Need to force a turnover or its over
That 3rd Quarter defense has gone missing. Damn
And INT would be nice right about now
Never anyone covering the pitch
Another 20 yard play?
S T R E S S
Just let them score fast please
The same fucking play over and over again and we can’t make the fucking stop
Whole defense seems gassed
OH MY GOD THE FUCKING PITCH FOR A THIRD TIME THIS DRIVE
They’re getting exposed hard and it sucks
Haha gaping hole. Romo got one for the ravens.
Run D is non existent today
How are we getting run on????????
Man we need someone to stand up
We’re gonna be like the #15 run defense after this game
Nooooo don't be hurt Cam! Please!
So predictable that they would eat the clock and march down the field.
"Steelers pretty much passed every play on their drive, Ravens running it. Gotta watch for that pass though. It's coming."
Tick tick tick
a pick or fumble and recovery would be nice rn
One more stop boys let’s go
They’re going for it
"Baltimore is really draining the clock, so the defense needs to step up"
Ravens gonna try to bleed clock here.
one stop. one more fucking stop is all we need
Holy shit biggest play of the season so far coming up
Aight big moment for D coming up
ONE MORE STOP LETS GO D
Come on defense let’s stop them here.
Buggs has been playing well today.
One more stop let’s go D
They had a guy open there. Thank God Lamar didn’t look for him
Fuck . These cunts love 4th and short situations
A turnover on downs would be pretty cute ngl
"Oh man. One of those situations where if they get the first down you have to let them score. 

Can't let them run down the clock."
This game is making me sick.
"You can't tell me there wasn't anyone better to sign then #99.

He must be the owners nephew or something."
crossed fingers and toes for this one
Play of the game coming up
this next down will be fucking huge. oh come on defense. help us end this game right here
Quick someone sacrifice a pierogie and Iron City!!!
"4th and 3, 2 mins.

don’t jump."
Always has to be an ass clincher huh
I don’t care who beats them but don’t let Jackson beat you with his legs. Make someone else make a play
We know the RPO is coming
This team is not good for my heart
This is play of the fucking game
We don't usually do well in these situations. But fuck history. Let's get this.
I'm not saying the season rests on this stop but I would like to see them get the big stop here
I can’t breathe
I feel like im gonna have a heart attack
Bengals beat the Titans holy shit
LETS GO
We're Gods among men
"HOLY FUCKIN SHIT

LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
SUCK IT LAMAR AND THE REST OF YOU RATBIRD BITCHES
YEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Just need a first down and this is the ball game.
Boom!!!!
LETS FUCK8NG GOOOOOOO
YEAHHHHHHH
AND ITS A FUMBLE!!!!!!
YES BABY YESSSSSSS!!! 😁
"What's happening? Power still out!

Edit: Fuck yeah boys!"
THIS FUCKING GAME
LET'S GO LET'S FUCKING GO
Don‘t fuck this up. K thanks.
Run theeeee ball just fucking go old school and boom a punt with Berry on 4th
*oh mama* 🎶
First down basically wins the game... come on Connor bust one up the middle
you better run it 3 times and punt if necessary
KEEP THE FOOT ON THE GAS PLEASE
OUR TEAM LIFTS WEIGHTS
Here's the heart attack right on cue
Uhhh they can’t win with a field goal tony that’s why they went for it on 4th...
Let’s fuckin gooooo
Spillane has been incredible this game.
HOLD ON TO THE BALL AT ALL COSTS
I played Renegade
Buggsy
I’m out of market and the lions game ended just in time for me to see that stop. Hell yeah.
Who's got one more yard in them
PLEASE GET THE FIRST DOWN
2 YARDS AWAY FROM THIS GAME
diontae johnson finally got me fantasy points
A FG doesn't win here Tony.
These spots have not been generous
that may have lost us the game
Fuck they have one last chance
I’m fine with that play call. Defense needs to step up here!!!
"And now I’m not so optimistic, Fitchner wtf"
Oh my god the heart attack continues
if we win this game Thanksgiving is gonna be our season...if we beat them AGAIN primetime Thanksgiving night??? 1 seed on the line....statement win....wow....let's go.... i don't like it....but let's go.
"If this punt isn't 45+, cut berry before he's off the field."
Oh god Jordan Berry please do something good here
Well... sub 1 minute offense... and they cant keep running it inbounds.
Do we have nothing remotely creative up our sleeve for a situation like that?
Alright. One more stress test.
Nice punt pls now
No block here pls
Big Berry
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck...
This game is a heart attack
Romo shut the fuck up
Just boot the shit out of it Berry please don't fuck this up.
Fuck I'm so nervous
52 seconds on the 37. Not very good for them
Would've loved to see at least a Claypool fake jet sweep on that one
I wanna see them bring out mondeaux as lead blocker for a short yardage situation again. I think he really could work more often than not
Intentional grounded it to avoid the sack
Good punt
Phenomenal punt
"Them off a bye, us off a tough game. We have played quite good to be honest."
Can someone explain why that wasn't intentional grounding??
ANXIETY INTENSIFIES
We need a Minkah Pick-patrick on this drive.
Was hoping for intentional grounding :(
GROUNDING WTF
Just get them down. I want to see that clock run off!
FOURTHH DOWNNNN LETS GOOOOO
Romo trying to defend that terrible pass
Wouldn't be Steelers football if it didn't almost cause me a heart attack.
That’s fucking grounding cunt!!!!!!
FUCK ME
Nononononononono
freaking snead
Oh no
fuck
F U C K
Heart rate is elevated
If we lose this game I don’t know what I’ll do..
Imagine allowing a huge play like that in that situation lmao
are you shitting me
i got a bad feeling bout this :(
SHUT THIS SHIT DOWN
TJ🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻sack him
"That’s bull. They shouldn’t be adding that much time to the clock.

Edit: Good. They didn’t add anything."
Dumb as shit that they charge a timeout and add to the clock. Bullshit.
"I really dont like the soft coverage in the middle. and fuck man, cam killing himself for this win"
not good losing Cam....motherfucker
Cue the Steelers game induced heart attack once again. 😂😭
Ok last play
Fuck them booing flying skunkrats
3...2....1....WIN
7-0 YOU DUMB CUNTS!!!!!
Hey hey hey goodbyeee
Waving to the Baltimore fans 😂
Wow what a game...that one took a toll on me
ALL WE DO IS WIN
We got away with one hard
I was about to fucking die right there
UNDEFEATED BABY!!! LET'GOOOO!!!
Did we deserve that? Probably not. Will I take it happily? Absolutely.
Why were raven fans booing during the injury???
"Bittersweet with cam injured, really hope he’ll be back in a couple weeks"
ITS OVERR
What situation?
Another week anothe heart attack. Hopefully Cams okay
HERE WE GOOOO
Why must these always be like this!?!?
Told people to relax. Have faith in this team.
"Idgaf, Minkah has regressed this year, no matter what anyone says"
"Steelers 7, Refs 7."
"Vince on a small, agile receiver? Smart...."
yall need to chill it’s the first fucking quarter lol shit happens.
[deleted]
That play was telegraphed how did we not read that Jackson was going to run that to his right.
Yo I just heard from scientists that if Lamar Jackson scores a TD on this drive he likes PP 😳
"let's see how the sub is doing...

Oh,  it's the typical Steeler overreacting thread,  got it."
Wtf? He was still in bounds?
Ravens celebrating after they are gifted a td 🙄🙄🙄
Lamar got the superstar treatment 100% there. Teddy Bridgewater wouldn’t get that call
"Really bad penalty call there. If Jackson is still in bounds, you can definitely push him out. And if two guys are falling out of bounds and one steps over the other, that can’t be a penalty either. Refs blew that call. Hope we don’t lose by seven or less"
What a trash start since the int
It got stripped. Good defensive play. Scratch it off Claypool
F injuries!
Fuck I hate injuries. Bless all the knees.
I don’t want to see any negative injury comments please guys
I was going to post something wholesome on the ravens sub. They are calling TJ a dirty player. Fuck them.
"Jeesh, bunch of people in ravens sub want TJ to break his leg."
"Man this sub is so weird if you’re watching streams, feels like everyone is on a different play"
This is embarrassing
Somehow this will be on us
Fuck the Ravens am I right
Holy fuck our offense sucks. Only reason we have points is from the pick 6
this offense is hard to watch rn
EVERYBODY CALM TF DOWN. LETS GET A STOP DEFENSE.
I can't do this thread anymore for the rest of the game. Here's to a bounce back and a win in the second half.
We live and die with Ben’s arm
"Notice Baltimore got it going once Alalu went out?

Yeah there’s where my 1st round draft pick is going next season."
I fucking hate Justin Tucker so much.
Fuck Justin Tucker is good
Run all they want but they only scored 10. The other 7 were off a completely wrong call on a failed 3rd down.
"Ravens 180 yards rushing and had the ball 2/3 of the first half. 
Complete failure on our part but we are only down by ten. 
If we can come out and score and our defense can get a 3 and out. We are back in it. 
Good vibes will help.
Grab that towel and wave it high."
"Sorry, but a team that had trouble with the Steelers rush prior to their starting tackle going out doesn’t just magically get better. They’re holding like fucking crazy. Not just jersey grabs but completely wrapping Steelers up."
#NEVER GIVE UP HOPE
Thank you Buggs... for ensuring we will likely NEVER see Mondeaux getting first team reps this season.
Romo willing on the Ravens?
Imagine if that RB didn’t trip and ran for 50+ yards..
Oh God now Romos talking about Jackson’s legs. He’s gonna cooooom
"So when the ball leaves Ben’s hands and then he gets hit, it’s not a foul. But when Lamar is in bounds and Cam hits him out it is?

These refs are garbage bruh."
"Claypool just keeps drawing the penalties. Not the great catches, but I'll take it."
I will be so glad to not have to see political ads next weekend
"JuJu has such a Hines Ward vibe to his game and I love it

A true Steeler with his physicality and high energy"
HOW DO YOU CRUSH BARKLEY AND HENRY AND THEN LET BALTIMORE RUN ALL OVER YOU
These classless twats are booing Cam???
Why are you giving up a 30 yard play on 4th down?  fucking just GIVE them a 6-8 yard completion if they want
Romo and Nanz in shambles.
Two weeks of my poor fingernails...
Win is a win. Wasn’t pretty. Hope Hayward is ok
"""we took the virus head on""

*stares at 100,000 new cases per day*"
"6-1 wouldn't be the end of the world. + it's in Baltimore, expected to go 1-1 with them, us winning in pit"
So many bitches in this comment section. The Steelers rarely get blown out. Relax and enjoy the game
"Where are all the ""It's over"" people now?  Yin are awefulmy quiet."
Once again. Minkah out of position in fucking no man's land.
Awful call
Thanks refs.
"It's tied -- Refs 7, Steelers 7."
Looks like we have to beat the fucking refs today too
Claypool... our hero...fucked up. Welcome to the NFL rook.
Looked like Claypool recovered that.
Why aren’t they replaying it
Dude Conner has some shit vision. Like just keep following your blockers into open space but he's like nah lemme just cut it inside into a pile of defenders
Fuck you Berry. Tomlin and Danny Smith NEVER get held accountable for this yearly pathetic punting game
Am I the only one worried about how State Farm is making all these NFL quarterbacks out like they are totally fine bribing their way into getting perks no one else does?
Lol this is Steelers vs Ravens. Y’all expect to score 30?
"Say whatever you want, this is an entirely different game if thar single horseshit personal foul isn't called. Every aspect of the game changed."
Kick Judon out of the fucking game my god!
i hate marcus peters
So glad Ben doesn't fucking care about this game /S
Man what is up with Ben today. This is so unlike him
Our offensive gameplan and execution is Complete Dogshit so far.
We are absolutely fucked if the offense doesn't come out looking entirely different in the second half. lucky to not be down 3 tds right now
"Oh great, now Ben is banged up. THAT’S JUST FUCKING FANTASTIC."
Banged up Ben incoming.  Now the game begins.
We need to make a trade for Ryan Fitzpatrick if Ben is injured in this game.  We have zero competent QBs as backup.  Ben gets hurt.... season’s over.
"As long as we can keep them from scoring, we get the ball back after the half"
Lmao you know it's coming and can't stop it
Snead is such a little bitch
I hope we can adjust at halftime. I've never seen this Pittsburgh team all year and I never want to see them again. Wide open fields all day. I miss Bush and Tyson
Just a soft effort. Look slow and unprepared against an opponent they should stylistically bully. Inexcusable.
Drinking a seltzer. That’s how fucking pissed I am rn
Roethlisberger is a fucking embarrassment today.
So we lose a point for their penalty
I’m worried that something is up with Ben... I hope something didn’t break in that elbow.
"I’m sorry IDC what anyone says, Lamar Jackson is not a sustainable strategy at QB long term."
I cant look at lamars hair and not get angry. I just want to cut it off
"We will not give up on america or the Steelers


We will keep rebuilding our offense AND defense"
Llama Jackson is garbage
Also fuck yeah for the browns getting their ass kicked
Titans look sus
"Mcfarland what the fuck bro. I don't care how fast you are, if you slip it makes it pointless"
"Wednesday can't come soon enough, these ads melting my brain"
"foot + knee of same leg doesn’t equal two feet down, iirc"
Honestly week in and week out we put up numbers that make you think the coordinators are doing well but how much of it is just talent? Keith Butler looked ABYSMAL before we had 10+ first round picks starting on the defense. The play calling anytime we have a lead is horrendous. There is essentially no lead that is safe between him and Randy’s play calling. Randy has been great for our redzone production but holy shit does it sometimes seem like it’s only working when Ben is going 5 wide with no huddle.
"STOP CALLING HIM MAPLETRON, HE ALREADY HAS MORE RUSHING AND REC TDS THAN CALVIN JOHNSON DID HIS ROOKIE YEAR. HE IS ON PACE FOR MORE YARDS RIGHT NOW TOO."
Kick the field goal you cowards
Booing an injury grow up
Keep them out of the end zone
Those people who are booing are douchebags
all you negative losers gtfo
There were a bunch of times I thought we had lost that game. But we did not. 7-0
Pittsburgh > Shitbirds
Roughing call was such bullshit
"I see the comments about the ravens thread calling for TJs legs for that injury. I live in ravens country and let me tell you, they are vicious"
By the way our other quality win is getting clowned by The Bengals...
TIL Romo is a Ravens fan
Romo is looking for any reason for the Steelers to lose. Fuck him
We're gonna whoop their asses
Nervous is an understatement. HERE WE GO!
"I’ve alternated my Mean Joe jersey with my Big Al one so I’m hoping it keeps the juice flowing. And no, I haven’t washed them, gotta keep the luck and good energy in them ⬛️🟨⬛️🟨"
"Alright motherfuckers. We’re here....


WHO RIDE!?"
We got Romo again! Yay!
"May the Football Gods bless the knees and ankles. Also, can I not have a heart attack this week? Thanks"
I BELIEVE
Idk how many more political ads I can handle
Wtf it’s 3rd and 6!?! Game over pack it up 😡
LETS FUCKING GOOO
EZZZZ
Hell yeah!!!
Robert Spillane: The Truth?
SPILLANE!!!!
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOO
LETS GOOOOO
"Romo: I call it 'internal pressure'.

Me: Hey! I'm like an expert on that!"
LAMAR CANT THROW LMFAOOO
Does that count as an opening drive TD?
I want to cry tears of joy
Spillane already at goat status
SPILLGOD
Everyone fucking liked that
Spilane not great at coverage huh?
Great fkin start!! 🤩
LAMAR JACKSON IS ELITE
SPILLANE
BIG SPILLANE
Loooooooooool
Fuckin Robo!
SPILLANE I LOVE YOU
"First-ever career pick-six, who else but us?"
Spillane my man!
I love Spillane so much.
Turned on and first thing I see is a pick six LETS FUCKING GOOOO
What in god's name was Lamar looking at? He's standing right there lol.
SPILLANE PAIN TRAIN BABY
#dangspillane
My hearts beating so fast I just need this game to be over lol
BRUHHHHHHH 💦💦💦💦
Let's fucking go boys
not a bad start
"Lamar gonna start throwing more, which is good"
"Devin Bush ll@_Dbush11    1s

Spillane you bad man !!"
TJ just keeps getting to Lamar
Dumb play
LMAO WHAT
"God damn Tuitt is gonna kill someone today, he's hyped"
WHAT A FUCKING JOKE
"TUITT, BRICK WALL!!!"
Terrible call
STUPID
Lol what a garbage call
"He was still in bounds, bullshit"
Fucking blind ass refs.
Eh soft league
Refs can't let us win by too much.
"Weak ass call bruh, how?"
Terrible
What a load of shit
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
At least refs got time to make up for that bullshit
Ref just happens to have the initials LJ?
Every penalty should be allowed to be challenged
Dammit man
No holding on Watt? Are you fucking kidding me?
He's hearing footsteps already.
Bobby Spills still GOAT in coverage that's a fuckin wideout on a crosser can't win em all
No holding call??
Refs came really early to play. They are about to score 7.
Hit the QB - 15 yard penalty
Man that was just a bad matchup on coverage
Ok. We need to March right down and score
Good officiating on that td
I see Christmas came early for Baltimore
Refball wins again.
[deleted]
Let’s hope the refs bail us out and I can’t wait for the ravens to lose their minds
Love how we’re handling the RPO with someone just going straight to Lamar with no hesitation
I swear the refs have flags at a ready when someone runs back a kick. So annoying
"I know it’s “low hanging fruit” or whatever, but it can’t just be me that thinks Lamar Jackson looks weird. Like he reminds me of a pug"
Okay can we please not have Williams and spilane in man to man. Spilane made a great play on there first drive but come on now. There two biggest plays were because of that
Call that block in the back but not 2 obvious holds. Ok
These fucking refs bruh
"Come on with the penalties, my fucking God."
Third game in a row where a defensive penalty resulted in the opponent scoring a TD. SMH.
Oh fuck off Ebron
Penalties are costing us so many opportunities. We have to get better at this.
Dude almost fell from a ball to the knee
peters tugging on his jersey then complaining
Makeup call thank fuck
What a shit pass
Refs taketh refs giveth lol
"so many annoying and unnecessary penalties, hate NFL refs"
Seems like that might have been a bit of a makeup call LOL.
Looks like the zebras are trying to decide the game today.
I think claypool got that back
Hold onto the damn ball you moron!
"Hey everyone! I just tuned in. What happened with the penalty on third down? Was it ""damn the D messed up"" or was it ""Refs say we're not allowed to avalanche the Fn Ravens and be 7-0 here's some fuckshit""?"
holy shit claypool. hang onto the ball
GODDAMIT CLAYPOOL
Goddamnit man what the fuck
Yikes come on boys
I'm going to have a heart attack today
Fuck
ugh
So it’s gonna be one of those games
Here comes the heart attack
"Alright boys, take a deep breath, clear your minds and fuck their shit up"
"1 turnover each team. 
Score is tired. 
Ravens with possession in our territory."
Welp. This is going great. The Heyward penalty really killed all the momentum from the pick 6
"Shit happens, he's been great otherwise, not worried about Claypool bouncing back"
"Jesus, what a time to tune in. Literally just in time to see the ball get stripped and a turnover.

Fucking hell. This don't bolster my confidence.

Still got faith though, lotsa football left to play."
Is this the first game we have played in the rain this year? If so we just gotta settle down
Fuck was hoping for no injuries :/
Minkah wtf run forward or don’t run at all
I’m really kinda hating all of this right now
That’s the exact type of play Bush will be missed on
Defense needs to come up big
Alualu hurt
LETS GOOOO
HUUUUUGE
Diontae Johnson made of glass.
Dang lamar made that mistake.
Secondary getting bullied
Fumble
LETS GOOOOOO
YESS BITCHES
Alualu fuck
I was never worried. Easy fumble.
TAKE YOUR FUCKIN MEDICINE
BUD
OFY
Bud !!!
Thank the Steelers defense always bailing offense out
Does that count as a sack?
My stress level already through the roof. Still 5 minutes left in the first quarter
GET THE BALLLL
ok bud!!!
Exactly what we needed holy fuck this game is gonna suck
Please
Wooooo! Hell yeah Bud!
BUDDD
Thank You BUD DUPREE!!!!!!!
This game boys. We've got a full day ahead
I warned my boy not to start Lamar today. Let’s go Steelers. We got this!!!
Regardless of how you feel about Spillane you can’t say that guy isn’t out there giving 110% every play.
Its only the first quarter. I simply do not have enough alcohol to deal with this rollercoaster of a game.
This defense makes my dick hard.
will have to be a long long drive from here
3 turnovers halfway into the 1st quarter
time for some classic Fichtner 3 & outs
That bad playcall worked thank god
Wait wtf they have fans there? I thought the ravens announced no fans all season
Connor looked fastttt right there
Just punt the ball now lmao
Diontae Johnson is really going to become a what if story isn’t he
Pathetic
Run the ball on 3rd and long smh
Stupid stupid call come on
FUCK THAT FICHTNER.  WHAT A GARBAGE CALL!!!
There’s a classic shit punt
That's my punter!
Why the fuck would you run it there
How many delay of games are we trying to get??
Did Ben change it to the run?
Did they seriously just fucking pussy out on 3rd and fucking 10
Please draft a fucking punter. They are very important players.
"Well the offense looks absolutely trash

not much different from last year so far"
That's the type of punt that got berry cut
Mm love me some giving up offense
"Oh great, Berrys back"
Not having a punter can easily costs us a game due to terrible field position.
The offense will get it together. Defense just needs to hold up on this possession
What was that playcall????!??? And what was that run
I’m so happy we have Berry back to put the ball sideways!
Even Romo making fun of our play calling
We need a punter. This is embarrassing.
We brought this motherfucker back to punt? Couldn’t find anyone better?
I guess the defense will need to score because our offense is useless so far 🥴
Shit offense
Remind me how much we’re paying Berry?
Jordan Berry with the 6 yard punt.
"What a shit series

1. Pass to Claypool ... overthrow.  Mis-comminication or bad route or something
2. Busted play, check down for -1 yard
3. Run up the middle for 3 yards
4. 34 yard punt"
The outside runs have been killing us
Team has to settle down.
this dude is being paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to kick the ball out of bounds
So Berry's punt was even worse. lol
This is by far the worst 1st quarter I’ve seen and were tied. Goes to show you Ravens suck
Bud Dupree held so bad there
dupree was mugged on that last play
God damn. Bless the knees.
Guess I’ll go out in the backyard and start practice punting. I’ll even do it for 150 grand a year.
hold on dupree but ok
hate seeing a player hurt tho no matter what
THEY WERE LITERALLY HOLDING DUPREES JERSEY
"Lmao did he really try to throw the ball AS IF HE WASNT ALREADY FLATTENED ON THE GROUND? Sorry Lamar, but that’s a sack"
damn dude Ronnie is down hard on that one
This game has been tough to watch so far.
Ouch no no... that looks awful and hes a great dude
Keep getting hits on Lamar
AFC North
Ohhhh that doesn’t look good.
jeez that hurts to see
Damn injuries are never good regardless. Hope he's ok.
Yikes.. broken ankle
Bud keeps getting held
Oh shit. That didn’t look good on the replay
Damn. That's a season ender.
There goes an acl. I hope im wrong cuz hes a hell of a player and I dont want to see anyone go through that
Alualu out
"Not making a joke about an injury. But fuck. If something like that even has him just a step behind the rest of his career that is either terrible timing by the ravens, or the absolute best time for Stanley, contract wise."
"Ahh shit, I hope he aint hurt bad. Looked like he was in a lot of pain tho. 

Damn, best wishes Ronnie!"
[deleted]
Damn dude. This is the really ugly side of football. Guy does absolutely nothing wrong and just an accident leads to a terrible injury. Hope he'll be alright and it's nothing serious.
"I legit just screamed when I saw the replay. Damn that sucks. Total accident, hoping for a quick recovery for him. It’s a battle for the north."
Well I hope Stanley is good to play again. Some other day
Defense is playing well but hopefully the offense can have a long drive here to give them some rest
Damn I’d like to see those picked
Our D line is going to go crazy now
I thought that was gonna be a minkah pick 6 how long that was in the air
"Plays:

PIT - 8   BAL - 22

TOP

PIT - 4:02    BAL - 10:58"
This D is doing an amazing job of taking away Lamar’s first read and then he panics
Defense should’ve made LJ pay for the silly throw instead of taking the sack
Flipping field position is just as important as scoring on this possession. The offense needs some space.
Ebron and third down fucking iconic
You don’t get that penalty rook.
Samuels needs to retire
our offense is looking horrible
That was toooo high Ben. Get in your grove man
I swear Moncrief passed his no Hands genes to everyone on the steelers
OK that one was on Ben...
Why can they run on a 3rd and 10 but not on a 3rd and 3
Samuels should never be on the field
Wow 2nd and 3... two chances and not even one conversion
Shoulda had that
Why are the playing 38!
Wish they could catch the ball
J Samuels has to make that catch
the fact that we’re even tied right now is a miracle
2 really bad drops so far
Good punt
Offense is utter shit today. Defense is gonna have to score all the points at this rate.
"I don’t think their defense is beating us, it just seems that we’re out of sync. Dropped balls, off target passes, not following blockers, cmon lets tighten up"
Honestly Ben first pass was gold that Samuels dripped. But honestly has been very avatage today.
"In a series that is usually decided by a TD or less, it sucks the offense isn't humming yet, BUT, we are STILL in this game."
Our offense has not been good this entire season against capable defenses. Ravens are a capable defense.
"Not sure if playcalling sucks or everyone is just playing like ass. Seems like a bit of A and B.

Hopefully we just saw Samuels last snap this game tho"
We need to start moving the ball to give our defense a rest.
Have some faith in 7 to figure it out. This Ravens D is really good. It's gonna be a dog fight
"I know mesh takes some time and the were blitzing, but we were in a condensed formation against press man on 3rd and short, also I don't think there was a robber because of the pressure the brought. There's not a better situation to run mesh. I don't understand the decision to throw and speedout to a receiver that's getting jammed hard of the line. If ben had been on target that might've even been dangerous"
So much for field position
Flip the field and immediately let them run it for 25 yards. Junk.
Okay we literally know they’re going to run we can’t keep letting them get what they want on the ground.
"Wow this is just horrible man. Our defense lets them get good field position, our offense doesn’t do shit, Ravens get good field position. Continue the pattern"
These games are usually always close defensive battles. I don’t know why y’all are down talking our offense so much. This was to be expected this week. It’s going to be tough to get momentum on either side.
So much for flipping the field
Defense is understandably gassed. Offense needs to figure it the fuck out.
"Running on us?


Wait


That's illegal"
Need to get Alualu back in
Idk what the fuck our game plan it but it needs to change. Now
Hard to even blame the defense. They have to be exhausted
Dline is getting worked by an Oline missing two starters
Wonder what it's like to get multiple first downs on a drive....
[deleted]
We’re going to lose this game unless our offense fucking does something and the defense forces 3 and outs
How can my mood change so drastically in 55 minutes?
Please adjust something
We need to do much better if we’re gonna win
"I know it’s cliche, but if not for the turnovers, the defense is getting worked hard by the ravens."
We should just fucking rail Lamar when he does that shit. Take the 15 yards but scare him off of doing that shit.
We have to stuff these plays.
If only our offense could move the ball like this
The defense can’t play the whole damn game perfect we need to put more points on the board
Yikes
They are beating us off the line...
"I understand the one thing we don't want is Lamar in space, but I do t love the gameplan of our olb just taking Lamar all the time either. I believe we have to have them spill at least sometimes and rely on safety to fill or have and ILB on blitz around on a dog to fool the qb"
we getting rekt rn. come on defense.
Hit him again
Not a good series for the defense but Spillane is looking like Troy being all over the field.
We are missing aluala
"Alright. Here comes our answer on offense.


Buckle the f in"
Let Ben run the offense. We need to move the ball.
Defense has to be exhausted. Offense actually needs to put together a long drive to give them some time to recover
The Ravens have proven they can gash us. We haven’t proven the same. Need the passing offense to come out swinging.
"Damn, the Ravens are moving the ball with authority.  The Steelers offense needs to get their confidence back."
"That was a hell of a drive, unfortunately."
3 and out on offense coming right up? Or will this be the turnaround. Doesn't feel like it's coming today the whole team looks lost rn
What do you expect from a defense that has had to be on the field the entire damn game
Need to get more than one first down on a drive
Offense fucking DO SOMETHING THE D IS TIRED
Dude the sad thing is they basically just ran it 80 yards on us for the score. We're not even trying to make Lamar pass to beat us.
Everyone stay calm. The defense is just gassed. The offense needs to adjust and sustain drives.
"2nd half team, dont worry guys lol. Being down 7 is jot bad at all"
Matthew McConaughey says a whole lotta nothing in those stupid Lincoln commercials
I have a good feeling about this next drive.
"Offense can turn it on now, let’s get this done."
Need to put together a drive here
Getting ready for three more run plays
Another 3 and out coming up what the fuck are we doing on offense
Our offense is not together today
Good job Connor!
"Ben, Rudolph, can’t tell the difference rn"
These snaps are concerning
"I love conner tho, hes running hella good this year"
Worried about a bad snap...
Thats the third bad snap by Pouncey today... the fuck...
Ben WTF is happening?
Deontae was defending himself!
Whoa
Give one to Washington because you have to and five to Baltimore.
Literally punching a ref lmaooooo
Fuck off Judon
How has Peters not been been ejected for two fucking headbutts?! Absolute joke
"There was pushing and shoving on both sides, they should have just let it go. Unless the penalty is specifically for shoving the ref."
Can number 99 beat up Fichtner too?
hahahha thanks for that
How bad was the intentional contact with an official? Stuck listening to the radio
Dirty Birds
"""There are so many fouls on the play, we can't sort it out.  All players ejected. Both teams forfeit."""
Holy shit. Judon got tossed.
at least its a rest for the D
Alright now we need to actually start completing passes cause we’re not gonna keep getting bailed out by the ravens being stupid.
Anyone seen Juju?
Mans just punched a zebra wtf
[removed]
Be smart and please capitalize off this
Fuck the ravens
Judon on his own sideline acting like he's getting taken away by the other team and BAM
Offense please take advantage of the penalty.
Who’s the dirty team now. Get the fuck outta here rat birds.
Batted ball...Big Ben special.
Yeah he wasn't intentionally going for the Ref but I'm not going to cry for him.
"If we win this game, I can’t wait for all the ravens fans saying it was because they had three starters out."
Decastro soiled himself
ben pls bby wyd
This game is getting chippy
This fucking offense
What the fuck happened??? Why were there like 3 personal fouls and an ejection?
Im not having fun right now
This is bad
Yeah our offense is utter dogshit. I’ll be back after half
Fucking might as well be last years offence
Our offense looks like the fucking jv team
We gotta work on those snaps today. Jesus
Trade up for Justin Fields? Maybe if you get a GM drunk?
Come on defense you are our offense now get another 7.
Roethlisberger needs to just turn it loose. Last four-ish quarters he seems to be holding onto it longer than he did the first 4.5 games. It wasn't sexy but it worked. Get back to it.
Elbow :(:(
 Great Ben is hurt
Playing like cold dogshit today
"Hopefully this is just the inverse of last week where, we were amazing in the first half and ass in the second half. Maybe we’ll come out and be beasts in 2nd half."
[deleted]
Honestly I don’t understand why the NFL just doesn’t play man straight across the board.  Yeah WR’s are good but it’s still press jam.  That shits still hard to fight.  QB’s also have to be absolutely perfect on the play.
Jesus man
OH MY GOD THANK YOU HADEN!
TJ was scary
Ah... well ummm... that might get overturned...
Jesus Christ we’re really putting Rudolph in
man we needed that pick. fuck.
JOE HADEN
Nope
Faaaack so close
Of haden makes that catch put him in at receiver.
HADEN
My biggest takeaway is Jackson is very beatable in the throwing game but we're getting killed in the run
We wont get it
In this weeks episode of what the fuck is a catch
the ball didn't move even after it hit the grass
"I haven’t been able to watch the game, what’s up with people saying Ben is hurt? What happened?"
"Do it refs, I dare you"
you know that’s the play call how can we not stop it
You know EXACTLY what is coming there. And you don’t stop it
Go man to man and load the box for the rest of the game!
We're playing like ass even though they lost 3 starters. What the hell is with our team today?
Ravens are running through them like shit through a goose
Ravens more physical today
Ravens have 167 running so far.  That’s terrible.
Not going to win games when you can only score with your defense. These guys need to pick it up
"Defense needs to make adjustments to stop that run. Not sure how they would do that, maybe add a QB spy, but the pass defense has been fine, that run defense needs to start stuffing them. Don’t get me started on the offense"
Well. 2nd half is where its at.  Hopefully they can muster something and stop the ravens run game.   B
I really miss Tyson man
Jesus christ
Well this will be good
Mother Tucker
I'm destroying myself with scotch for this team. I'm doing my part!.gif
hell let's put Dotson in there at nose it couldn't hurt at this point
We need to come out hot. If we run 3 straight times fire Randy during the game.
"Well, we only played one half last week.  So maybe we’re flip flopping it this week and we’ll show up in the second half."
The titans are down 7-17 on the bengals at half as well
"Offense needs to come alive in the second half cause they did fuck all in the first half and we are relying entirely on our defense who can't do another half of that. 

Come on half time adjustments. We've been in this boat before and come back."
Ravens down 2 O lineman and are still running the ball at will. This is scheme. We’ll see if we can make the right adjustments at the half.
Man up outside stop the zone and crash the middle. Stack the box it’s not fuckin rocket science. Fire butler
"Please, please adjust. I feel like our gameplan is scared of lamar (granted somewhat rightfully so), but please let our playmakers on defense attack. Let's spill-force-fill a bit against the read option. 
But all that won't matter if our offense doesn't step up. Unfortunately they've done absolutely nothing so far, it felt like the D was on the field the entire half. Have to be more creative in the pass game and audible according to what they show"
Pretty painful to hear 17 unanswered points.  Might just turn down the audio for the second half.  At least this way won't have to hear Romo drool over the Rat Birds.
I never thought we’d go undefeated (almost wouldn’t want to either) but the way we’re losing is the real concern
I think we went through our entire 2-Deep at NT in one half.
JUJU
First down? Are those legal?
I pray to god we win this game
And just like that we’re gonna punt
"1st play: good play call. We changed it up. 
2nd play: here we go again."
Why even play samuels
Pathetic bruh
Jesus fucking christ
Work back to the football Samuels.
THROW DOWN THE FIELD HOLY FUCK
Ben is 1 for last 8 now.
Love how samuels is in for some reason
Why is Samuels in..
I'm also tired of these rainbow sideline throws
I’m shocked we didn’t shank the pint at the rate this is going.
Okay I try to stay positive but with the fucking offense playing like this there is a 0% chance to come back.
Flag??
"to me, David Sepulveda was the last decent Steelers punter.

edit: not David, Daniel**"
I'd prefer to bomb it on 1st down not 3rd
"yeah, no ref bias here"
Hope defense is ready for another 20+ minutes on the field
Quit bitching and try to make a play
So back on the Defense then... dear lord.
Berry scary
Well we held it for 50 seconds. Baby steps
Not gonna get the PI call when Ben throws balls like that.
This is so frustrating
When did we start playing Joe Flacco football? Lol
This offensive game plan is horrible. Not sure why these personal packages with J Samuels is getting so many plays. It’s not working coach
FUCK YES
LETS GET SOME POINTS NOW FUCK SAKE
If we could just score we would be dominating
Our defence is making more yards than our O
PERFECT FIELD POSITION BABY
Woodley with the INT!
Oh God just kick a FG now
Lamar doesn’t understand that he’s only good at running
LETS GOOO YOU FUCKERS
Thank the maker for our D!
Steel Curtain keeping us in it. Let’s go O!
DO SOMETHING NOW OFFENSE
Good guy Lamar Jackson is trying so hard to give us this game and our offense is like nah bruh.
Please score
FORWARDS CONNER
Lamar gonna lose the game for them if he throws
Ravens never gonna throw again.
James Conner detractors should have to watch this game every time they say he is shite bc he is our bellcow
What a gift. Get points boys.
LET BUD WALK WE GOT HIGHSMITH HAHA
I feel much better for some reason
Will Lamar will us to a victory?! Best player on our offense today.
THE ROOK AND SPILLANE HERE TO SAVE THE DAY
Alright boys we got a game again
We scored. Thank god
Alright let’s go back in it.
Ben's arm /s
I have no idea why they let him throw. Especially when we can’t do anything to stop the play action
"Guys, we'll be ok!!!"
Why is Lamar always laughing?
"this is the same game as last year

D made plays, offense didn't get off the bus"
"Man, they just let Ebron walk that in!"
Fina-fucking-lly
"Shit my stream cut out, how did we get to the 20?! Last I saw we were punting    

Edit: Thanks fam, HWG!!"
Yes.
RATED E FOR EBRON
They. Will. Run. Every. Play. Stack. The. Box.
Do not go for fucking two
Bruh this year’s draft class are such studs.
NOW IT’S A GAME.  THANK YOU!!!!
"Steelers D: 14 points

Steelers O: At least they didn't fuck it up"
They are going to run. Butler
CANT STOP BOZ WITH 12
Go for 2... win the game 18-17 because fuck the 2nd half.  Its gonna be a completely miserable slogfest.  Steelers football ;)
Lmao what
Its a new game boys
"Thank you. They haven't really changed up a lot coverage-wise post snap so far. So let's just read the coverage an call a play. They show cover 2, we attacked the seam, mike had to carry it, that left the the crosser wide open"
Why do our games always take so long?
Ben didn't even raise his right arm for the touchdown.
"Just gotta say, WTF is McConaughey still doing Lincoln commercials for?"
It’s pretty stupid to me that the kicking team essentially gets penalized for the defenses penalty. Shouldn’t have to re-kick that
That touchdown is why Y-Shallow Cross is the best play in Madden and is unstoppable if you know how to run Shallow Concept.
Come onnnnnnnn I gotta leave for work at 3:30 I wanna watch the game LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Defense needs to force a damn 3 and out already
Another Ravens OL hobbling.
The refs are ruining what could be a great game
ITS THIRRRRRDDDDDDD DOWWWNNNNNN
Tuitt has been tremendous today
Spillane is playing well again
GREAT DEFENSE! 3RD AND OUT!
Spillane is holding his ground though
A well rested defense looks nice. Good job Spillane
"I bet DBush is so fucking pumped for Spills and how well he’s been playing. Keep it up, 41!"
C’mon Ben let’s put something together here
OMG A 3 AND OUT YESSSSS
FORWARDS CONNER JESUS
Now that’s a good start to the half
We got this
"Spotted the handshake with Ray-Ray.  These games can get dirty, but I enjoy seeing the mutual respect.  You just don't see that with the other two."
Jesus they hang on our receivers every long pass
Thank you ya fucking zebras
Glad Romo not a ref
I LOVE REFBALL
Large Benjamin warming it up
Spillane being undrafted in 2018 and being waived multiple times in 2018 and 2019 just doesn't make any sense now.
Wish we could get the running game going. I’ll take whatever though
This is much better so far.
using the joe flacco special in baltimore. love it lol
Their DB are all over our wrs
"That first TD was obviously big on the scoreboard, but also huge for the offense psychologically."
Ben... just take the short pass... trying to get greedy the moment you get some fucking success
Get rid of the fucking ball Ben
I think Ben was trying to throw to Ebron right before the pocket collapsed
So they can just flatten our receiver like that with no penalty?
I like how ball secured juju is playing
Screenshot request: the split-screen with happy Ben running the offense on the left and glum Lamar fuming on the bench on the right.
Just a reminder that people were saying to bench Ben.
if they want to keep giving these short passes keep taking them. dont get greedy. thats when bad shit happens
Great effort by juju
Holy shit JuJu. Way to muscle through!
That’s the effort we need
LINE UP.
What an effort by JuJu!
We need to keep Juju
Ugh hate time outs in close games. Under stable call though 5 wide at the end zone is sketchy
LETS GO BOYS
QB sneak!
That was awesome Juju
I thought you could snap it during substitutions and draw 12 men in the field
CONNNORRRRRR! Lets Goooooooo
Fuck these rat birds!!!!!
"Hey, they let JC finally get his TD."
LETS GOOOO LEAD
THAT’S WHY YOU DON’T GIVE UP HOPE!
C’mon Ben
Conner strong 💪
Boom suckah!!
Yes!! LETS GO!!
💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪💪
We’re back baby!
Yep its a Ravens/Steelers game
Please let us hold on to this lead
keep this up guys
Keep it up. Defense needs to keep forcing turnovers for us to be successful
"There it is, now all is right in the world."
I love what I’m seeing!
Well boys I know it was a tough first half in here but our boys really came out hot in the second half. Let’s hope they can close it out now.
"Is it just me or is Conner miss few holes


Also again just defend the running and make him pass."
Let’s go baby!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-JRdRXiNv4
Time for complimentary football
Wow who woulda thought at halftime
Let's Go!!!
God fucking dammit TJ
fuckkkkk we needed that
fuck we were so close to getting that
Damnit. Another near turnover we didn't get
Let’s get this stop
Fuck I thought we had that.
Bengals?!
Damn that was so close man
Spillane gotta pick that one up on your feet.  Love that guy anyway.
How is that not a recovery? had it pinned against his body and left arm touched out before he lost it
LETS GO D
NO SIR!
This pleases me greatly
BDE TJ
Amazing steelers d
TJ is a treasure.
Thank you TJ! Read that RPO perfectly.
KillaWatt
Damn that was a good play by TJ
Watt scoop that play out quick
Comon offense KEEP IT GOINGGG
Ok Offense.  Let’s keep it going !!!!
"Take a shot every time Ray Liota with Chantix is on, and you won't get drunk"
Ok let’s close it out O
"TJ gets off the line so damn quick and just completely dismantles plays before they even have time to confuse the defense

Love to fucking see it"
He had so much room
The field is greased
That’s 6 if not for the turf monster
Is Hollywood Brown playing in this game? I feel like I haven’t seen him at all yet
No bueno so far. Damn.
GOTTA DRIVE GOTTA DRIVE
Oh shoot we coulda got a first down there
lord have mercy
So much grass in front of him.
Boy how you gonna just fall over lol
"We knew that blitz was coming


Fuck"
Let’s hope our D can hold them
BEN
F me in the A
Not a terrible punt
Is Todd Haley back?
What was Ben looking at there
TURNOVER COMING UP I CAN FEEL IT
Time for D wins championships thing.
lol jesus fucking christ
An actually good punt
One moment it is hope for the offense. The next sadness. Existence why?
LETS GO
Bugg Juice babyyyy
ITS THIRDDDDDD DOWNNNNNNN
Buggs really impressing me in the pass rush. Reminds me of Hargrave. Been better against the run so far in the second half too
Buggs!
FUCK
Unpopular opinion but that was some pretty bad defense
Wow that is....super annoying
You gotta be kidding me.
HOW DO YOU LET HIM DO THAT
ZONE FUCKING COVERAGE
Edmunds wtf
HOW DO YOU ALLOW THAT TO GO OPEN
What an epic fuck up. That was a game changer play.
What the fuck!
uh o stinky..
Go predict your winning score predicts in the Jersey giveaway thread!
That holding call saved our fucking tits
Flag saved us lmao
Thank god
Finally got a holding call.
"Finally, they have been holding all day.."
Spillane has been money today.
Romo preparing the noose after that TD got called back
WHAT THE FUCK DEFENSE IS THIS? FITZPATRCIK WHAT THE FUCK BRO
Even the worst QB can hit wide open receivers...
Lol we get saved just to give up some bs
Wide fucking open. COME ON DEFENSE. YOU CAN STOP THIS SHIT. TURNOVER!
Holy shit D. Make a fucking stop.
Minkah has to step up in our secondary. Man has been invisible today
Behind many an amazing play is a hold just like that. Glad the refs saw that one.
Raven receivers are always wide open.
Why even stop them
Streaming this game on Steelers Radio with the lag time versus the NFL game page is stressful.
Lamar legit refuses to throw the ball outside of the hashmarks how do I realize that and we don’t fucking realize
Secondary babies what is you doin.
We're getting lucky af
I think he got that
Ehhhh not enough to overturn
"Lamar- airballs

Zone defense- isn’t by it"
"Maybe instead of sending the whole fucking team at Lamar, Butler should balance out his defense a bit."
F Romo
Romo smoking crack cocaine
I thought you needed an ass cheek in to count for two feet? Not a knee
No way thats a TD
Td probably coming regardless
"Idk if there’s enough to overturn there but the way this drive went, it’s a TD"
Come on Minkah
well at least the Ratbirds had to burn a TO on that challenge
What the fuck are these clowns doing if they aren’t covering anyone
Wide open yet again. #1 receiver standing wide open.
D was given so many chances and they couldn’t take advantage.
Why can’t we cover anything
There's almost 12 minutes left. We have this
i hate zone coverage.
alright Ben time to fucking turn it up here
"Romo is turning into Madden, always making BS comments to instigate controversy.  Madden would always interject shit like, ""I don't know about that one, a ticky-tack holding call there, barely holding,"" ignoring that there are no degrees of holding and if it's holding a little or holding a lot it's a 10 yard penalty."
That was hideous
"Need a long drive now, TD with minimal time left, go O"
That coverage has more holes in it than a meth junkys grin.
Lets go Offense!
Alright let’s go Big Benjamin back to work
"if this offense wasn't absolute ass in the first half, were crushing this game right now. the offense has been decent now so hopefully it'll pick back up"
My problem with Minkah is he’s literally standing in no mans land guarding no one. At least put your hands on somebody.
Fucking Titans dude
Im so fucking nervous
Ofcourse there fucking isnt.
How is that not late??
"last 4 BAL offensive plays:

lamar td run - called back

next play: allow snead to get all yardage back

next play: upheld incomplete td pass

next play: td to hollywood brown

sweet"
Call the roughing
Good effort Ebron
"Weird time to go for a hurdle, but ok."
keep this drive going
Finallly a flag
Dirty Birds
McCloud got wheels
MCCLOUD #9
Pluck these rat birds Ben
Let's goooooo
8 ravens penalties and 3 turnovers and were losing. Hate to say it but the Ratbirds are a good team. Not many can have that many woes and still be in a game
"fucking chokehold tackle better get a flag.  

EDIT: i guess it was a facemask. ill take it lol"
CHURN IT UP THE FIELD STILLERS
Juju getting the tough yards
Damn we’re getting hella calls now what is this sorcery
Juju is a thick dude
HELL YEAH MAKE THEM PAYYYYYY
Weak ass flag but i’ll take it lol
Thank you. The raven dbs have been all over our guys.
Juju has gotten so many of these tough ass first downs
Gotta love the toughness from JuJu.
Juju is a fucking man
So nice to see Juju getting involved today.
9 penalties for 110 yards is fucking killer
GG to the Bills. Happy for the mafia
Juju just made me fail NNN
Juju that steeler football
Wow look at us moving the ball. It all started when we targeted juju. Hmmmmmmmm
JuJu keeping the drive alive and torching the clock. Love it!
Fuck you tony
Who needs offence when the ratbirds are handing out free yardage?
MAPLETRON
CLAYPOOOOOLLLL
MAPLETRON!
Hell the Patriots suck lol
LET'S GO!!
Ben being Ben
Mapletron!!!!!!!!
Lets FUCKING goooo
YES YES YES
Oh man Chase was was so damn open
What an answer!
Damn that drive looked NICE!
We need a stop here defense
"Wooohoooo!

Thank you Mapletron! Thank you Ben! Thank you Juju!"
QUEUE RENEGADE
We need a stop. The secondary needs to step up big time this drive
"Alright defense, lets fucking go! No damn zone coverage please, it didn’t work. Man up with a QB spy"
"Love connor, but this empty backfield is so effective for us"
"Pouncey picked up Juju like ""are any of these smaller bothering you?"""
Keith you better not play prevent fucking defense with this close of a game
Claypool to Ravens fans... 🤫
Having a sinus migraine this entire game has been so fucking painful... and got another \~45 minutes left
STUFF THEM HERE
C’MON DEFENSE!!!
Ravens are going to complain about the refs if they lose even though all of them were good calls minus maybe one of the PI calls. However the refs missed a PI call so it evens out.
Don't start this again plz
We can't let them waste time and score.
That’s gonna be a long as drive..field goal max D
Defnese can’t stop a runny nose.
Fuck those runs working too well
We need that rookie to spill the ball
How are they able to run so well??????
Dobbins must be build like a brick shithouse
Fucking hell.
MOTHER FUCKER COME ON DEFENSE
The faster we let them score the more time we have. It’s a must
We may get last possession in this game
What the fuck
WTF
Pain!
COME ON DEFENSE
Just need one big play on D to get that momentum cmon boys!
Pathetic series.
Fucking garbage
"Cool, just let them run all the way down the field"
Pathetic defense...
FUCKING STOP THEM
"So
much
holding."
How the fuck is the option *this* effective?
Let them score the TD
Well if they can leave some time on the clock for us thatd be nice
Anyone see our defense anywhere?
Oh my god my heart
"Can’t believe imma say this, let em score the TD QUICK"
I’m so glad we’ve let some no name RB bust our ass all day.
Heyward hurt
Why are they showing the fucking replay 10x???
I guess this is the bend?
And Heyward is down smh
a stop would be nice guys
Get a fumble holy shit
Fuck my life
Not Cam...
AND HEYWARD IS FUCKING DOWN GOD DAMNIT
GET UP CAM
Defense is fucking gassed. Offense couldn't keep them off the field in the 1st half.
"Okay, get your shit together D. The offense is finally pulling their weight, just close this game out"
Ben is going to walk us off....calling it.
getting GASHED and they aren't even mixing it up
Haven't thrown once and cant stop it. Embarrassing
Jackson is due for a fumble
Oh fuck not Heyward!
They haven’t passed yet and are knocking on the end zone. Just sad.....
No Cam NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Renegade time?!
2 more stops
Big stop
Buggs and Mondeux.
Everyone watch renegade during the break
Just keep them out of the end zone baby
Of course they go for it
god this team isn’t good for my heart. legit racing
WHATEVER YOU DO DONT GET A PENALTY
Come on stop them! Please just stop them it’s not asking too much is it.
Next play is the game.
Now we only have to pray to all the fumble gods we know to protect Juju and Conner.
We neeeeeeeeed to stop this
This is the play of the game it all comes down to this!
Oh mama
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M MISSING THIS GAME
YESSSS
YESSSSSS!
LETS GOOOOO BABBBYYYYYY
HOLY FUCK
OFFENSE NEEDS ONE FIRST DOWN
Let’s fucking goooooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
LETTTSSSSS GOOOOOOOO!!!!!
GREAT STOP
I marked out lol
YEEEEA
YYYYEEESSSSSS!!!!!!!
CURTAIN CALL!
LETS FUCKING GO!
Huge fucking stop.  Good fucking game Buggs!
SPILLAINE
D wins championships
Fuck Lamar and the rat birds
"Lmfao Jackson is so overrated man. Dude can't do anything but run the ball. 4 turnovers, just disgusting."
I guess they still have two TOs.  Not over yet.
Just a couple first downs plz
LETS GO LETS FUCKING GO
Buggs player of the game
It totally looked like he was going to make it. Nice job Buggs. Spillane with the recovery.
Can we breathe yet or do I need to keep clenching my butthole?
Game is not over.
"WOOOOOOO, LETS GO!"
First down and it's deuces.
265 yards rushing. Exposed.
DONT MOTHER FUCKING RUN ON US IN4TH down
Fuck. Yes.
Spillane gotta learn to recover fumbles with both hands!
THATS MY RUNNINGBACK
Lamar ran that ball too many damn times
"Gotta think we’re gonna throw here, right?"
"Ran for 265, cool. That’s 1 yard and 4 turnovers short."
"Run the ball, run out that clock.  Let's see how the Ravens handle it, even when they know what's coming."
We win if we get 3 yards.
WE HAVE TO GET A FIRST DOWN
Spillane having a great game.
Spillane is my dad
Need to run here just to bleed clock
Holy shit.  We got away with one on that McDonald jumping before the snap.
Ravens will have a full minute
Shit
Fuck fuck fuck fuck
Fuuuuck. At least they have no more time outs
"Fucking hell . The balls on these cunts, or the stupidity to call a throwing play. Lol"
Fuck me. Gimme a great punt Berry
They have plenty of time my heart can’t tKe this
Can we ever close without drama...so 2020
Why run it up the middle
Why not put the ball in Ben’s hands there? Those short yard passes on third and short are his bread and butter.
I’m so happy that we play the terrible Dallas defense next week. That will be easier on my heart
Berry needs to earn his spot here with this punt
So how many options can you run in ~50s
Man would have loved to see the Claypool sweep there.
Shart.... my anus is clenched again
Jesus. 50 seconds left after a Jordan Berry punt. My heart.
Why is it always like this at the end?
Why's it always gotta come down to the last plays?
If we had a better punter I would feel a lot better about this
pick 6 to end this game please
Blast Renegade
54 seconds too much time
Good punt Berry
This is still too much time I feel like.
Berry’s best punt in a LONG time.
MY FUCKING HEART
"I always know I expect an asshole clenching game, but man am i never prepared"
"Big punt Aussie. 

Come on defense"
HOW THE HELL IS THAT NOT GROUNDING?!?!?
Berrys best punt today. Perfect timing lol.
*Nail biting intensifies*
At least a decent punt
Ok berry good punt
Let’s go D
3rd down
"For some reason when Nantz said ""Right you are, Tony."" it made me want to hear the MXC guys call a football game."
1 LAST TIME!!!!!!!!
FINISH HIM!!!!!!!!!
oh god
Fuck
Not heyward!!!!!
MY HEART IS GOING TO FUCKING EXPLODE
Fucking ridiculous
EVERY FUCKING TIME WE GO INTO ZONE IT FAILS
LETS GO DEFENSE
"FUCK. NOT AGAIN, CAM."
Lmao why are they booing
ONE MORE STOP
Dude is in the center of the field unguarded like honestly
*knee
HOLY FUCK MAN
Jesus Christ
COME ON D
Omg
Should have kept Heyward out of the game. They aren't gonna make that mistake again.
always the fucking middle of the field
My heart is going to explode
my heart cant handle this
HOW U SECONDARY FUKS!???
"Fucking hell, poor Cam."
God damn it. Not cam
My poor ❤ can't take much more.
Please be ok Cam!
For the love of God please don't let this be another acl injury
I'll be so pissed if they give them extra time to punish us for Can being hurt
"Win or lose, I’m gutted for Heyward."
Come on fuck the heroin capital of the world!
YES
[deleted]
WIN
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
7-0
I can't breathe...I can't breathe...
Seeing Cam hurt makes me hate the Titans even more
My god...going to ER
7-0!!!!!!
That was so fucking close to a penalty
AHHHHHH
Let's gooo
The march continues.
Minkah almost with a pick there
One of our guys waved at the fans lmao
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
What a game
Harbaugh was looking for helmet hit. Wasn’t one.
WHEW!
Sweet holy baby jesus
"god damn, snead got crushed too"
WOOHOO STILL UNDEFEATED!!
thank you minkah.
Jesus fuck how disconnected are trumpublicans from reality?
"Steelers 7, Refs 7"
Is diontae capable of even thinking about being healthy for a week? He makes James Conner look like the most durable player in the league.
[deleted]
This is all our offense's fault. Idiots can barely pick up a first down.
"Oh my god some of you need to shut up, being so dramatic. We are 6-0 and tied with a very good team on their home field. It’s not the end of the world, let them make adjustments."
"Shout-out to the worst offensive performance I've ever seen.

Fuck the play calling. Fuck the execution.

Conner is the only one who deserves to be on the field for the offense right now."
"Big Ben will get it going in the 2nd half 



I didn't like Bulter and TJ screaming at each other."
Let’s have some faith people. We’re undefeated for a reason
Some of the worst takes I’ve ever seen in this thread at halftime.
Man. Getting old is weird. No clue who tf J Balvin is and no pressing desire to find out. NOW GET OFF MY LAWN!
What the fuck has Minkah been doing this game
Intentional grounding is a 10 second run off. This should be over.
Fuck. The. Ravens.
Bullshit flag
I want that smile wiped off Lamar’s face.
Butler has to make that adjustment. LBs on WRs will not work bc Lamar will see that shit.
Refball scores again
So that pick 6 was completely nullified...may as well have had a three and out. Only difference is our D had to be on the field longer.
"Unnecessary hit from Cam, but that roughing call is so weak on an elusive qb who is fighting with a db to stay inbounds."
This game thread is fucking morbid for the first quarter.
Holy fuck dude how can you even have a job if you call that on 3rd and 10. Most fucking coward play ever
"Ravens: * changes format a little bit * 

Romo: god these ravens are just SO good! Like holy fuck! Oh my god ravens you’re soooooo good night"
"Oof, no more injuries please"
For how big of a tire failure that quarter was we’re somehow tied.
"No flag for us getting shoved at the sideline there?  Unlike crybaby Lamar, Rayray was out of bounds."
"2nd and 3, no run plays. 3rd and 10 and you run it. And yet we wonder why we haven’t made a super bowl in a decade"
"Chill out everyone, this is a typical Steelers/Ravens game."
TJ needs to stop head hunting and go after the ball
"Very atypical steeler game which is not what you want from a 6-0 year, but also what you expect from a ravens game. For better and worse."
turd quarter has evolved into turd half
"Other than the turnovers, this is like us vs Ten last week, but we’re the titans this time. 

Time to get it together."
Holy shit TJ and Fichtner are arguing. BEAT HIM UP TJ!!
Peters is a bitch
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Judon is Gone for  touching the Referee...Time to hit Taco Bell and the Showers"
Hate that they keep saying it wasn’t intentional. Didn’t know they live inside Judon’s head
Why can’t Ben throw it over the dline anymore? He gets deflected a ton now.
Lmao this sub though
Come on D strip sack pla
They keep getting lucky on those near turnovers.
That whole side of the field was open...
Why was there no one covering Jackson on that play?
One week our offense is great the next we need to get rid of Ben.  You guys really are turds
I fucking hate the ravens so much.
"I wad pissed this game wasn't on my local channels. After keeping with with the firdt half online I'm now happy I can't watch it. 

I'd be frustrated as hell if I could watch it."
Playcalling has been absolute trash on the offensive side of the ball. Doesn't seem to be a real rhyme or reason to any of the calls.
"I really hope this offense grows some testicles during this break. There is too much talent for these short-yardage, no-benefit plays."
"I said if we don’t score to start the half we’re losing.

We are losing. Especially when we didn’t make any adjustments at the half"
Thank God Lamar can’t throw
They may win the game but Lamar Jackson is ass and will never win anything
Who trying to play among us?
This is the worst NFL game I have ever watched. Going to be about a 6 hour game
God dammit Conner that was a first
Good on Conner but I think he could’ve picked up the first there
Some of these peoples streams are 2 minutes behind 😂
I got faith...I got faith...
Edmunds of course
It’s like the defense is trying to undo everything they’ve already done
Fitzpatrick not looking too good today
"lol at the idiots saying ""d has been garbage today """
Why would the right knee being down in bounds matter? Left foot/ knee was out
Raven fans are fucking retarded. Calling it ref ball but denying their second drive was kept alive because of the refs lmao.
If they get yards for 1st down you let them score
Don’t expect it but this would be an incredible stop
Fuck our defense
"come on, we just needed not to give a big play"
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
UNDEFEATED YOU MOTHA FUCKAS!!!!!!!!!
LETS GOOOO! Minkah makes the game winning play!
IF YOU AIN'T UNDEFEATED I DON'T KNOW HOW YOU FEEL!
Bad penalty already on the game.  Two hand shove when Lamar is inbounds... grow up Baltimore crybabies
I’m surprised Romo is able to speak so clearly with the Ravens’ dick in his mouth.
His knee is clearly out. Romo wants it to be a TD sooo bad
[deleted]
This is the first game all season where we are playing a good defense and it is really shining light on how are offense is still lacking.
Refs fucking handed that shit to them
"1) Why is Jaylen Samuels getting snaps?

2)  Jordan Berry manages to flip the field, so that's a win on the drive as far as I'm concerned."
I miss Charlie Batch
So I guess the defense just wants to watch lamar run ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
Lol we not good on offense anymore
4 straight quarters of trash offense. No excuses for that
"Through the first six games, Steelers hadn't given up more than 104 yards rushing in a game.

Baltimore has 179 at the half."
What the actual fuck?  3rd and 9 and a fucking bubble screen????!!???  On our own fucking TEN??!!?!
Buggs can't stop the run but he can make to the QB
DAMN IT. Now Cam is hurt and we wouldn’t be here if they had just put the game away with a first down.
Minkah went off today
"Ben did what he needed to do and avoided any turnovers on his part. Our defense was tired and sluggish in the first half but made every stop we needed to in the 2nd half. Played right into our strengths and made 8 throw to win. He cannot do it!! 

7-0 let’s go boys."
So the out of bounds line (for QBs) is like a yard away from the actual out of bounds line?
Fuck off Tony
"FFS Romo, get Baltimores cock out of your mouth."
BITCH PIGEONS GOT NOTHING ON US
He wasn't going anywhere. What a dumb hit by Heyward.
That bullshit unesseccary roughness bullshit gonna bite us in the ass later in the season isnt it
You can feel the tension through the screen in this game... Rudolph is wisely not wearing a helmet.
Got extra downs because of a PUSH out of bounds. Not a HIT a PUSH.
I see a lot of people defending Cam. He's smart enough to know that they'll call that every single time. Lamar was wrapped up by two defenders already headed out of bounds. He's gotta be smarter.
I'll give anyone $100 to drive here and murder me right now
"Can’t believe they didn’t show the replay, clay pool had the ball back"
Last I heard we were supposed to have a good run defense
Deonte Johnson hurt again?
Such pathetic offense. I don’t care if their defense is good or not.
How hard is it to find a punter these days?
"Shitty play call followed by a shitty punt. Get Berry the fuck off the team, he was cut for a reason"
Jeez you hate to see these injuries
Losing Stanley is huge
Fuck hope he’s okay
Damn that sucks
Ravens fans are literally rooting for TJ to get injured in their game thread right now...
Note to real Steelers fans.  Stop looking at the Ravens game thread.  They are trash wanting Watt to be hurt for their own lineman causing the Stanley injury.
Anyone else notice how the commentators are heavily biased in favor of the Ravens. They're really getting into how and what the Ravens need to get done on D and Offense. The Steelers get the ball.... so the Ravens.....
Missing Tyson BAD
Alualu out really be hurting
We're banged up and tired. The Titans fucked us hard.
"Still a bunch of football, but Lamar is getting ABUSED."
defense is exhausted you can’t expect them to be out there 24/7
"Offense hasn’t done shit since the first half of titans game. With all the receiving talent, it’s a disgrace"
Eject his dirty ass
Peters looks like a bitch here.
Hahahaha see ya punk!!!!!!!!
Offense is terrible
Why is ben shit rn?
Ben what’s going on man? You’re better than this
This offense is inept
This offense is just not good. They’ll go as far as the defense carries them.
God I hope we adjust for once at half
Ben is having a tough time today
Oh cool another dumbass NFL player takes a manageable 3rd down and ruins it with a dumb penalty
I cant even discern an offensive game plan. It’s just.... bad.
There goes being number 1 in the power ranking even though every realistic Steelers fan knew we weren’t really number 1
Oh no Ben please no
Alright if this what we’re gonna get from Ben and that elbow isnt gonna hold up then we need to look at qbs in the draft.
Ben playing old
Alright so what was wrong with Ben before the play that made then massage his elbow?
Post Jesse James that's a catch
"Fuck dude, i dont want to overreact but if bens done, do we go get a QB? This is a super bowl team and rudolph isnt the answer."
Lamar is very predictable. Why hasn’t our D caught onto this yet?
30 minutes of football without our offense being even close to score points. Not even close.
Fuck you Tucker.
What a terrible first half. We're lucky this game isn't a blowout
They can get a field goal from their 8 with almost no time on the clock. We can’t get a. Field goal starting at our 30 and a 15 yard penalty
Why can we stop the run everywhere else but not with these guys?  We gotta get fired up and on the same page and come out of this half with poise and intensity.  LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO
"Disappointing half, but we are only down 10. Offense needs to get it into gear to have any chance"
Need to change up the front. They leave Watt and Dupree unblocked and just have 5 oline on 3 linemen. Let Watt crash down and put Minkah on Lamar or something
Could somebody religious pray to the patron saint of second half adjustments for me?
"We all know how good Jimmy, Marlon, and Marcus are but you have to take the shots.
We have so many weapons at wide receiver. Give our guys the chance."
I'm concerned about Ben's lack of deep ball and tipped passes...and all the receiver drops. So many drops this year.
Steelers must score first in the 3rd quarter.  Then we will have a punchers chance.
This is a continuation of our offense’s inability to score going back to the 2nd half of last week. I think that Ben’s right arm is hurt and it’s showing.
Hopefully if we lose they can at least take their frustrating out on former punching bag Andy Dalton next week
My money is bens arm is injured.  He is not zipping anything right now.
WTF! He held him the whole play
Can you no longer challenge PI?
Fuck the refs
"Great, a 45 second drive. Just what our gassed D needed."
If our offensive game plan is to hope for PI then just pack it the fuck up.
"Offense flat out sucks today.

Punting team sucks as well.

Not giving up, but 6 - 0 means NOTHING when your division rival makes you look like a high school squad."
Can’t take that sack
Tomlin should have challenged that call
"Goddamn, TJ."
Terrible play calls someone slap the OC
"Fuck we need than that from offense, our D is gassed"
Buggs bunny!
"Who would’ve guessed we not only have 1 NT better than Hargrave, but 2? Alualu and Buggs have looked great this season."
"That’s what we think of your streak, ratbirds."
omg they finally called holding!
STOP PLAYING ZONE YOU STUPID FUCKING COORDINATOR.. FUCK. TODD. HALEY.
Wait you’re telling me we can’t win games if we play conservative once taking the lead?
What the fucking fuckin!? Where the fuck is the coverage?!
right knee was out. stfu romo.
Fucking great job D. Pathetic all drive.
"Ohhh little cousin with the AB celebrations, cute"
We’re gonna have to beat the ravens and the refs. That’s just how it is
Bullshit. Sure protect the braid wearing guy he must be a girl right
Come on defense get the ball back ASAP
"Alright, let's Renegade the shit out of this Raven's possession."
Our defense is really ass since the 2nd half against Tennessee
Could the real Steelers' run defense please show up? Please show up.
"Protect the ball. These guys are notorious for punch outs, and we know they play dirty"
Were the only team that wouldn’t be able to get that first down
fucking idiot fans. cam being hurt helps the ratbirds.
Goodbye Baltimore
Nice play of minkah
Let’s gooo 7-0
Minkahhhhh
Man I just hope cam is okay
SEVEN AND OH BAYBEEEEE
FUCK ALL THE HATERS. I. STAND. BY. THIS. TEAM. PERIOD.
FUCK THE RAVENS!!!!!!! YES!!!!!
[removed]
Anyone who thought spillane could replace bush with no noticeable dropoff is really stupid
That stupid unnecessary roughness penalty changed the entire complexion of the game.
Romo has been real annoying this game
Stop. Putting. Unathletic. ILBs. In. Man. On. Wide. Receivers.
"Penalties: 

Steelers - 3

Ravens - 1"
This team has serious fumbling issues.
That looks rough😬just a day after his extension too
Spillane may be a blue collar gym rat lunch pail working class Steeler football cerebral scrappy high football IQ kind of guy but right about now I really miss Bush.
[deleted]
Can we just stop ugly ass Lamar one time
Steelers have been garbage the last 4 quarters
Man Ben looks like absolute shit today wtf
Really hoping Lamar Jackson swallows dick in the postseason. Again.
James Connor>>>>>>Leveon Bum
Sorry guys that first half was on me. I never should have tried to watch the game.
Could romo stop sucking off the ravens?
Obligatory fuck Trump
First game i’m really excited for and that is usually a sign for some bad fuckuppery on the Steelers side.
"Looks like the Ravens will be hurting on defensive line depth today so I wouldn't be surprised to see a strong focus on the run game once they are worn out. Also a great way to get Claypool involved to some explosive gains and try to eliminate the effectiveness of their secondary. 

Ward has been pretty good for them as well at OLB and he's inactive today too likely to bring in Yannick so should be interesting to see how their defense measures up today."
"Blessed 2 weeks in a row with west coast coverage, just easier not to have to fool around with a stream."
DEATH TO THE RATBIRDS!!!!
Ingram is out for the Ravens today. We may see a steady dose of Dobbins who I know a lot of reddit Steeler fans were clamoring for during the draft. We took Chase Claypool instead.
Curious to see what effect the weather will have.
Wtf is up with the cbs feed
I'm very nervous about this game. Raven's coming off a bye just seems so unfair.
Saw a rat bird above my chamber door. Don’t worry I put it on the fryer and had a late night snack.
Ravens remind me of Paul Johnson’s Georgia Tech teams when they were really good (09’-14’).  They run the ball well and can’t throw but they’re stupid efficient.
LFG
Lets go boys
Here we go boys. I stand by this team!
"
THE KINGS OF THE NORTH!"
Here we go
Little boy Jackson vs Big Ben
LETS DO THIS SHIT
Lets fucking beat their brains out please
"Holy shit that is a wet field, that kickoff barely bounced at *all*"
What I don’t understand is how they can all say Ngakoue no problem but somehow Alualu is a struggle.
Anyone know a way to watch the game online? Currently on the west coast and CBS isn’t airing it out here
Haaaaaaaha!
SPILLANE
YOOOOOO
THWRE WE GO
ROBERT FUCKING SPILLANE
SPILLED!
Wohoooi
GAME OPENING DRIVE TD LETS GO
Beautiful start to the game!
Yeah
Pick six!!!
SPILLAANEEEE
GONNA GO BUY A SPILLANE JERSEY
LETS GO
I love this team!!!!!!
I just let loose my longest yeah boi ever
Mark madden has to be so angry. Love it.
SPILLANEEEE
ROBOOOO
WOOOOOOO
FUCK YEAH SPILLANE!!!!!!!
"well that works 

LOL"
Aww fuck they've got us right where they want us now
Putting the Steel Curtain in my fantasy team is gonna make this a good week.
"Is Spillane the real deal? DO we have a gem here?? He looked FAST on that return too, he's not just an old-school thumper, has some speed!"
"Let’s go, baby!!!!!"
Ha... HAHAHAHAHAHHA
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS
He's legit. Future starter for sure
Wow what a play. Gotta feel great for that kid.
Spillaaaaaaaaaaanneeee!!!!!!!
BIG SHOT BOB
"What a horrid through from Jackson, too"
Almost second int
live stream please?
Such a Star man
Come on defense get a stop here
Spilane to start next to bush next year!
I hate to say it but pick sixes kinda suck since the defense gets no break.
TJ's job today. Tackle Jackson every snap. Lol
What?
Can’t do that
The refs every game... We need some stupid penalties to keep these steelers games close.
"damn it, they got off the field

and now they get to go again"
Bull call man
Bullshit
Absolute bullshit. Supposed to just let him run free? QBs can be hit too if they aren't sliding. Free 15 yards.
I fucking hate Tony Romo
Highsmith getting snaps we are using Bud as a fucking swiss army knife
Refball
Sofffft
Refs ...
Ravens can thank the refs for seven
Such bullshit
Welp
Come on defense
God fucking damn it.
Oh Keith. LB on a WR.
ONE MORE STOP BOYS
Let's hold 'em for three and let the offense put some points on the board.
***FOOTBALL V I S I O N***
Refereeeees don't fick up
Fucking fuck
"ok, that was a good catch"
Fuck
I feel like this is going to have to be a tit for tat game. We have to play every quarter for sure.
Fucking stupid
Fuck.
Damnit Hayward.
Really wish the NFL app allowed picture in picture viewing
We'll win with or without penalties!
Bince on a wr is a tough matchup
damn they were off the field
Let’s go boys ravens had to do all that for a tie game. Ben’s time
Spillane is looking like a Vince Williams replacement. He’s just not a Devin Bush replacement. Bush is the second most important player on defense after Watt.
JFC
Ugh ball hit him in the knee
No personal foul for us?  Connor got shoved near the sideline.  Crybaby ravens
Fucking Ebron..
Refs think we're here to watch them today
What an awful throw. It’s gonna be a long day if you can’t give the defense some rest Ben.
Ebron come ON
Topstreams is buffering so much fml
so now they start getting penalties and putting themselves in the hole
"Live by the dragon...


Die by the dragon"
Good call for once
Jump ball Joe'd the ratbirds.
I’ll take it
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
jesus christ
JESUS CHRIST
This game is already giving me a heart attack
Lol what a joke.
So our receivers can’t catch now?
Come on...
FUCKKKKKK
Fucking unbelievable
Jesus christ lol
God fucking damn it...
FUCK!
Wow. Fuck this turn of events.
Come on defense get a stop on this possession
We really doing this again huh
Our first offensive drives have been slow excluding last week. This was to be expected
Gotta turn this around Defense.  C’mon.
"We got lucky on the call on the interception also on the flag on pass interferences and still we fuck it up. Not even mad at it anymore. This is us. 

Lamar pick comming up"
At least he knows how real this shit is now
We always shoot ourselves in the foot
Hope he’s okay
Why no replay on the fumble???
"Just checked it, its a stupid stream not worth it. Use the nflbites."
Welp
Guess someone pulled a hammy
No holding on Edmunds?
Holding wtf
Spillane is so slow damn. Refs ignoring the holding
Look I know the refs have come up with some bullshit but since the first drive we have just not looked up for this game.   Some shit needs to turn around quick.
Bush would have been there
Let's goooo!
"Forgot my Steelers jacket at home today. Fuck, hopefully nothing goes wrong"
You can tell their balls are wet
Turnover battle gonna win this game.
NICE!
Karma is a bitch
3 total turnovers half way through the first quarter. Damn.
"Oh, baby!"
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"OK, all is right again.  Shit field position, but Ben is getting us in the end zone here."
"Three turnovers in the first quarter? We got ourselves a street fight today, boys."
Please stop making me have to blow my liver out
2nd Sack?
Damn this has been a really sloppy game by both teams
Love to see the defense get those turnovers!! But right now I’m more worried about the offense getting its chemistry back. If we don’t at least flip the field Ravens are back in scoring position again
I would've already had 3 beers by now if I wasn't on shift. Fuckin' hell
That deep pass ain’t it
Bens deep ball has completely disappeared
What a run on a bad call
The best part after seeing the replay is it appears that Lamar didn’t even realize the ball was gone at first.
Romo talks too damn much
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS OFFENSE?!
WHAT IS THAT PLAYCALL
Impotent drive
Handoff up the middle on 3rd and 10????
All that for a draw play
Oh yeah a run on 3rd and 10
What the fuck randy
We playing sloppy football
They are playing everting up close in the box. Wtf kind of dumb call is that
that was terrible
We are better off going for it every 4th down
Funny when teams run it on 3rd and 10 😂
The fuck is that playcall
"Defense out there what, 9m so far?"
Why the fuck did we just run the ball?
Draft a punter in the first
"Ah, bad kick too, tsk"
In no way is Berry better than Colquitt. Or literally any midget soccer player.
Berry didn’t lose a step
That's some spineless 3rd and 10 right there
Jordan Berry is the Danny Green of the NFL. Bricks everywhere
Fucking berry
Should have called a timeout. They weren’t ready. Stupid stupid stupid.
Did they say it's raining? Looks like both teams having trouble handling the ball
I wish just once the Ravens would have a shit defense
Should just go for it and throw an interception down the field. Better than watching this aussie fuck kick
Just see what the defense can do with the ball if the offense doesn't want to play
Why did he just stop and look at him?
I still can't believe that Berry is the best we could do at punter.
"You kidding me, sack the guy"
Oh nooooo
WTF HIS KNEE
I guess they’re just not calling offensive holding this year. Bud getting hooked like woah
Dude is effed
Did they call a flag on that sack? What is everyone complaining about?
Oh No Carts of that nature!
That sucks
it really be your own teammate throwing people into your ankle
"Oh, thats probably broken."
That shit is broke
Ohh shit that’s awful. That looked horrible
Yikes.  A leg isn’t supposed to bend like that.
I don’t root for injury. That’s too bad for him. Just unlucky.
Alualu is doubtful to return. I hate seeing all these injuries. Hopefully Stanley isn’t hurt too bad
Feel horrible for Snead...
"Of course it had to be tj to accidentally fall on him, Ravens fans want his head"
Ravens are going down like flies. Clearly not intentional on the Steelers part.  Ravens better not try revenge.
Happy he got paid
Ouch. Terrible injury
Diontae came back in the game but I didn't see if he was hobbling or not. Anyone get eyes on that?
I am glad he just got paid! Hoping for a quick recovery.
"That’s sucks to see, hopefully it’s just a scare.  Sprained ankle or something."
OK GET A STOP DEFENSE
3rd and 18. Oh boy.
Almost but great stop
"Obviously points would be stellar, but I'd settle for flipping the field here."
Is Diontae Johnson still out?
"Shoved out of bounds, where’s the flag?"
“Late hit” 15 yards pls
Ben thrown lasers in like seconds
Two drops
"The Raven's biggest defensive strength is their dbs, correct?"
BEN
Sigh.....
Try to pin em Berry
Rain is killing us I guess
"It’s third and fucking three. SHORT QUICK PASS FOT A FIRST. 


FUCK"
So far we’re making too many mistakes.  Gotta get that in check right now T
Jackson has never won a game that mattered. Cool.
Finally a good punt. 47 with no return
Oof play calling is rough
"Ben missed Conner for a woulda been at least 10 on the 2nd and 3, totally uncovered in the flat. Damn."
What a game
I get nervous anytime the pocket collapses and Ben still throws. I always think he’s going to smack someone’s helmet.
We gotta get some offense going. Just pathetic.
"Well we never play good for two halves, so at least we're getting the bad half out of the way early."
Lol can we stop the run?
Defense is getting tired.
Offense isn’t doing anything and the d is getting tired
Bend dont break
Well that fucking sucked.
why are we fucking abysmal
Jesus Christ defense. Watch the ball
"You know, I was dahn Giant Eagles and I got some swiss cheese. 

Never thought I'd jinx the game"
No Alualu is really showing.
This is where bush would’ve made a difference imo
The hell is that blood on Spillane's arm?
Run game killing the D.
Goddamit tysons presense is very much needed
We gotta stop the damn run
Watching the defense get gashed on run plays makes me the opposite of happy.
Baltimore running the ball well with backup lineman in
Fuck
"Buggs is getting absolutely abused lol, and Spillane has got to start staying clean on some of these runs. Don't need to come crashing down hill every play."
Any update on Diontae ?
They are playing with us with ease rn.
"Guyyyyys patch the holes, this isn't defense this is swiss cheese"
We need to stop the run badly
Well this run D looks.....abysmal
wtf bud doing
I don’t like that...
Ravens are running on us like no other team has. Find an answer boys!
Offense needs to get their shit together
More than one hundred yards? Fuck.
The one time we dont run at him he keeps it
Ravens going for a 400 yard rushing game
Edges have been watching lamar and the one time they dont
Come on defense what are you doing?
Fucking hell
Our offense needs to pick it up
Steelers need to answer.
☠️
The offense needs to do something this drive.
Man I hate teams with mobile quarterbacks
did our coaches stay in pittsburgh??
"What do we think guys, 3 and out or 5 and out here?"
If at any point the offense decides it would like to start playing that would be cool
Would like to see Benny Snell here sometime soon.
Not even worried. I expected us to be sluggish in this game.
We’ve given up 125 yards rushing and we’re only half way through the second quarter.
#HIRE TODD HALEY
"Offense, let’s go. Let’s put some points on the board."
They’re too afraid of Lamar that they are just straight up ignoring the running backs. The Dline is getting bullied.
Ben wtf was that?
Johnson what the actual fuck
The offense can't keep our defense off the field.
Man they are charged.
Best run of the day
Thank God he wrap both arms around the ball
Nice throw Ben!
Wish we would nickel and dime them since Ben can’t hit it deep
Good thing that's BIG Ben snagging those snaps
Is this game just going to be 1910s style all running or
"Guys, we score here, tie it, then get the ball at the half, take the lead, and let our defense rest and play at 100%. Everything’s fine."
There ya go Conner!
And there's a three straight running place I called
This is too fucking predictable.
"Thank god, thank you JC we need that"
"Yes, let’s run the ball and get some play action going"
"Ok, that's a start, let's see some nice pass plays now."
I couldn't tell what happened on that pass. Was is deceptively far from Johnson or did he simply fail to turn and look for it?
thats at least  2 bad snaps from Pouncy?
Has to be offset right?
BYE BYE
BYE JUDON
TO THE SHOWERS BITCH!!
Losing Judon is big
I LOVE REFBALL
Classy
i know that was unintentional but damn you gotta be in control there lol
Wow I’m surprised that the Steelers are only trying to run.
I missed it (kid woke up) why did raven get ejected
Oh shit losing Judon is fucking huge loss for them. God damn that was stupid.
bens throws are so low
just get the 1st down
Here comes a run
I’m fucking pissed
Pouncey blows today
Is this the first time we’ve played a good defense?
Wimpy fans smh
"What doofus in the stands is wearing an ""elite"" Flacco T shirt?  The fuck"
Did I miss a play? Wasn't the 15 yard penalty an auto first?
Wow ... Ben looks like ass today.
Ridiculous
atleast we gave the defense a rest
With all these blitzes this is the one time I wouldn't mind a RB or WR screen. Holy shit the offense is garbage today.
WAKE TF UP OFFENSE
Man this is really hard to watch. How many punts in a row is that?
Maybe we can get another pick 6
Onya Jordan
What the eff happened to all the presnap motion and short quick plays that keep the defenses on their heels. Wtf is this game plan.
"Sheesh.. seems like the Steelers offense is shook. Mainly Ben.. his passes and command of the offense is not right. Thankfully as I type this, there is still a lot of football left to correct the mishaps."
"It’s the whole offense really. Dropped balls, miscommunication, bad throws, bad blocks, and playing against a scary defense."
Steelers are a one half team. We'll get it in the second
Crazy day
Offense playing scared
Do we have offensive plan today?
Still can get the score before the half
Offense lookin doo doo
Well let's see what kind of adjustments Tomlin can make at half time. We're still very much in this game. Need the Offense to give our D some help here.
Our defense just watching Lamar sprint for the first down and not reacting... this is so bizarre
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Goff drunk or what?  🍺"
It’s so obvious Lamar is keeping the ball. Can’t believe we didn’t have someone thAt just focused on him
We spent the week watching The Great Pumpkin on repeat
Offence is really stinking up the joint
So we are just going to let them run it 3 times and not stop the clock?
"Maybe I am just paranoid (but it’s hard not to be when you have a 40 year old QB), but when I see Roethlisberger getting his injured arm massaged on midfield, I can’t shake the terrifying feeling that Rudolph will be under center after the half. 😫"
FUCK YA
WHAT A FUCKING INT
Definitely not a pick
No pick
Not an int
You know the other thing is Ben isn’t playing well but this game plan isn’t doing him any favors.  I mean at least try to force a 50/50 ball to Claypool.
That won’t count unfortunately
He has the nose
Haden you gotta catch that
HADEN!
Even the camera work in this game sucks.
Not a pick lol
Fuck sakes
Damnit.. so close
It doesn’t move
DAMN IT
"again, at least its a breather for the D"
Damn we needed that
"This is a tough one. He doesn't have traditional ""control,"" but that ball doesn't move when it hits the ground. Could go either way."
JOE “FINGER TIPS” HADEN
Let that ruling stand or so help me... I'll just wanna cry.
So can the refs be terrible and keep this as a pick?  We deserve some refball in our favor
just got here. Wtf going on with ben?
I think we all knew Ben couldn't go an entire 7 games without an injury.
"C'mon boys, CMON MORE OF THAT"
It’d be cool to get this call but Haden’s catches are ALWAYS 50/50.
Am sad.
I think if there was no mid air adjustment by Haden... you have a higher chance of that being kept as a pick.
I mean...
God damn it
defense is optional
Moving the chains so effortlessly. Too bad man
Damn
illegal formation by Sneed... CANNOT be running forward before the snap
"God he’s so good I hate him so much , gotta respect it tho"
why did nobody follow the man in motion?
Does our defense forget how to tackle when playing Baltimore?
They can only do one thing guys...
[deleted]
Good pressure Watt!
Bless TJ man he’s just such a good dude.
Embaressing
We got this!
Offense has to pick it up.
Our blessed mother of half time adjustments please don’t fail us now...
"Lucky we're only down 10, we're trash right now"
"Bengals pulling away from the titans wtf?? Lol
Baker is being Baker. This division is between us and this other team."
Down 10 we get the ball lets go
Remember Josh Scobee?
"we've come back from worse, but I don't know if we've looked worse in the first half and still come back"
"Defense: move cam and tuitt in a little bit. 

Offense: go empty with 19, 11/18, 13, 89, 85"
"Why do I feel like that FG was the nail in the coffin for us? Offense, please wake the fuck up!"
"Three points in four quarters and like 200 total yards. Oh yeah, at least three turnovers if not four."
how much time did the steelers have possession in the first half
https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc
Release the kraken
Offense started moving the ball. Looks like Ben is calling plays. Makes sense
I love these post wall sideline reporters with their awful voices.
GET JAYLEN SAMUELS OFF THE FUCKING FIELD. HE DOES NOTHING
JuJu making it look easy.
"I cannot believe the ravens fell right into that trap where we pretend to not know what we're doing on offense at first


The fools!!!"
Even though I currently can’t watch the game...LET’S GO
What the fuck was that Big Ben?
Ben has been so predictable
Clearly our offense didn’t adjust during halftime
1 completion in 8 passes yikes
"Go. For. The. Down. Distance. 

Defense had 45s of game time rest."
Holy fuck Berry you are so trash.
Me at the start of the drive:  tHiS iS a TD dRiVe!1
"Giving it to Stinktown, ain't ya refs?"
[deleted]
F this offense
Open up with an empty backfield. It works. Never see it again on the drive.
It’s time for a sack fumble defense
Why are we not giving Conner the ball at all? He’s the only thing that’s worked on offense so far.
Please just commit to staying 5 wide
"Just get Juju, Conner and Chase the ball in space and let them make shit happen.

This offense is completely disjointed"
LETS GO HIGHSMITH
Highsmith OMG!
THANK GOD
Finally
THAT RIGHT THERE
Defense doing it all once again
Just what we needed.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO HUGE
"Oh we have the football now can we do a thing PLEASE

Love this team, please let's GO ALREADY\~"
LAMAR WOODLEY
There you go rook! Nice play Highsmith
Me and my brother sometimes watch Panthers games. Fuck this feels the same.
SCORE YOU BUMS
Well that's ideal
I'm surprised jackson has the green light to throw a pass at this point
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
"YEAH, THE ROOK!"
LET’S GO
Just kick the field goal now lol
TOUCHDOWN!
Thank Christ!
thank you defense. again.
Let's go D!
Hopefully this flips all the momentum
Lamar is such a bad passer it's hilarious
"GG Lamar, giving the Steelers the ball back because of how bullshit that no call was"
There ya go boys!!!
Some MVP throwing right there
We gotta capitalize of those mistake..let’s gooo
THERE IT FUCKING IS!!! HIGHSMITH FUCKS!
"Need 7, not 3.."
God I’m feeling it
Lamar Jackson ≠ quarterback
THERE WE GO!! Back in it baby!!
And we're back in it!
TAKE ADVANTAGE !!!!!!
Big
WE BACK BABY
I'll take it lol
SNAG!
HUNG ALEX WITH THE PLAY
THATS WHAT I LIKE TO SEE
There it is!
Alright defense we need some more of that.
Oh that feels nice
We've got a fucking ball game boys! (Somehow)
LETS GOOOO FUCK THE RAVENS
That's realistically 3 picks on 15 attempts. Wonder if they'll abandon the pass?
holy fuck he was open lmao finally something good happened! and two plays in a row!
Big momentum swing!!!!
Ben is 6/15 so maybe work on that next drive
"Let's do some more of that, starting to get back to that feeling I had in the first minutes."
BIG BEN ROBOTIC ARM ACTIVATED
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
at least that gave our defense a rest
Need a 3 and out
Lamar is keeping us in this game
Have the ravens had a penalty called on them yet other than Judon punching the ref? And other stupid ones like 12 men on the field that don’t even matter.
Bud crossed the line 💀
A 3 and out? HOLY SHIT
That looked better
ROBO COP
Never has a 3 and out made me so happy
LFG
A stop! Let’s go!
Spillane is the shit
Spillane has made some plays.
Huge drive upcoming for us
"whew, got the stop. offense needs to start pulling their weight now"
Alright offense let’s do something please
"If I was the Ravens OC, I’d just pull out the triple option playbook Army uses and borrow plays from that"
Spillane playing good football today
alright let’s shift the momentum in our favor now come on boys
CHARGE DOWN THE FIELD
I feel like the offense has been very uncreative today.
Ebron balling today
"Lmao a 1st down run, I am SHOCKED"
We havent seen any jet sweeps huh?
Boy that field must be stupidly wet
Oh my gosh DPI FINALLY
Ebron didn't realise he burnt his defender and didn't go for the YAC
"Wow, they finally called it."
I like them using Ray Ray more
Hey! Did you know Lamar was MVP last year?! I had ZERO clue.
Bro wtf johnson had no idea what was going on lol
Wow that was interesting
I think the empty set is working better.
Crazy what a difference having your offense makes
This is the offensive drive I like to see.
DJ didn’t even know what to do lol
Ughhh throw it away Ben
Here Comes Mapletron!
Dammit Ben get rid of it
"All I've done is tell you that you're right and I even gave  you a gold star. So far you've tried to tell me that you're an NFL ref. A psychologist, and now you are a special athletics trainer who was on field and determined specifically that Diontae Johnson would have had zero chance to catch that ball on that specific play. Your resume is ridiculous champ. You really probably are a modern day Renaissance person. What's it like to be perfect? Maybe ill get there one day too and be just like you."
Get juju the fucking ball more.
I don‘t understand why Conner is running the routes he is running.
LFGOOOOOO
Just run the damn ball up the gut lol
Fucking great catch fighting for the first down
JuJu with a grown man catch getting the first
Juju strong
"God, I hate wasting timeouts"
just punch this shit in please
I missed this drive what the hell did we do?
Let's see... JuJu- yardage gain; Conner- not so much. We might be on to something here.
Hell yeah!
Why is the mo in Baltimore gold in the endzone
LET’S FUCKING GO
I vote Ben for OC
Defense finally got some real rest too
Let’s go!
What are we doing? Can we prevent an Aneurysm from me please.
A 3 and out please
The Ravens center always snaps the ball like a madman lmfao poor Lamar
De-Fense!
What happened to Alualu?
Titans really losing to the bungals lol??
"""Tomlin doesn't do second-half adjustments"""
NOOOOO
Man he is slippery
Jesus. Lamar tried to get tackled for 4 yards before we did it.
Luck of RAvens
Wtf. Why did he throw that ball away. He had it.
That last steelers drive had 12 more yards than the O had the whole first half
3rd an long ...damn right
REVENGE OF THE STEELERS
Great stop D
"Oh my god, I literally don’t care that Carvana “invented” car vending machines, like they’re so proud of it"
Why didn’t we challenge Spillane?
A nice 7 minute drive please
Stay up McFarland that would’ve been a gain of at least 9..
"Didn’t McFarland trip last week too, mans way to fast for himself"
Romo is savage
"McFarland did that last week

jook himself into the ground"
. . .  .
WHY THROW IT BEHIND THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE
Shitty field
Dammit man
not ideal
There is a jersey giveaway in the threads! Go cast your prediction!
James harrison popped him
Great time for another turnover
Where is the cat with that offense?
Feeling a int this drive
"Man, I’m surprised that dude got back up."
"damn, already at midfield"
Gahhh at least 1 first down would have been good there
WATT DOES IT AGAIN
What the FUCKKKKK
that was a decent punt
Come on defense get a turnover please
Buggs MY MAN!
Sacksburgh
good shit Buggs keep that up
4min left in browns raiders. 4th quarter left in this one?
"
Is Alualu hurt?"
Biggy biggy Buggs
Fuck
We could have done without that
"buggs, keep eating my man"
Wow just wow.......
Oh right there’s our secondary
Edmunds got torched
"Seriously!?!? On nickel, he gets that open???"
Bro he just walked past two defenders
Edmunds 💩
Shit. Hold them to 3
"Worst defense in the league on 3rd and long, not even close"
Unbelievable.
Wtf Edmunds lol
They are kicking a field goal
Takeway is thay spillane has hella hustle
Just drop everyone into coverage on 3rd and long. How does he get that open? That’s 6 if Lamar doesn’t underthrow him
How..? WHAT THE FUCK
Edmunds and haden are the weak links
Blast edmunds into the moon
Fuck me.
Fuck man
FUUUUUUUUUUCK
Fucking Tebow all over again. So bad it works.
how. tf. ugh
"That’s what, 7 plays over 20 yards?"
Fast guy is fast
Holding
HOLDING MUTHAFUCKA
this team is so fucking frustrating holy fuck
Thank god holy fuck
Was he invisible or?
I fucking hate this dude
Finally called holding
There goes that man Spillane!
What the fucking hell
Why are we so ass on 3rd and long
Thank you Jesus...it is Sunday
You gotta be fuckin' kidding me.
Im nervous....
LUCKY
Holding chief
son of a......
spillane has seriously looked good. he's not Brian urlacher but he's really been fucking good. he looks legitimately athletic repeatedly.
2nd and 22. Oh boy.
Yeah fuck that. Beat us throwing the ball Jackson you bitch.
Bend dont break
HA BITCH! HOlding!!!
HOLD EM TO 3
WTF IS GOING ON
So on like the 10000000 time they finally call it.
what the fuck dude
Where is our coverage?
We got lucky af and we let them wide open again?
Where the fuck is the defense holy shit
Pathetic
"22 yards...


Fucking how..."
What is that secondary? What the hell.
Defense is exhausted
How is willie Snead playing like a fucking all-pro
All of a sudden our D can’t play coverage
Wtf are we doing? This isn’t us being tired anymore this is just mental errors now.
Still the worst secondary in the NFL. That hasn't changed.
I fucking hate zone coverage so much
Good holding call. Love it. More.
"Okay defense, quit with the big plays, good lord"
Standing in the middle of the field with no one within 10 yards in any direction. Interesting
Here’s the scary thing if the ravens take the lead... our offense will have to win or lose this game
Our secondary is very subpar
offense gotta do something this next drive
3rd and 14 and y’all do this??????
Holy fuck they are cooking this defense with ease now
The middle doesn't need to always be wide open
jfc wasted the holding call. are you kidding.
What the fuck is our defense doing
Sneads talking like hes good lmao
You’re fucking joking... 2nd and 22 is automatic
I thought this shit was cleaned up
"So ridiculous, I'm screaming at the screen to cover Snead....and I don't know shit. Can we at least have a bare minimum of professional football on every down?!!? FUCK!"
Incomplete
Way to try and strip it
Go ahead and waste a timeout
Out
No way thats a catch
"So since the offence woke up in the 3rd quarter, our D is going to fall asleep?"
Looks like a stands call to me
Don't get how you overturn that... but its a challenge... they never make sense
Enough to overturn?
Looked out. Never know what zebras will do
3rd blown coverage THIS DRIVE
We need to score again anyway. Maybe this wakes them up.
Clearly out
Not a catch.
Does the knee replace the other foot being down in that case?
No way to overturn that
Lets go Defense!
Wide open after all that
How about don’t play zone then?
Fuck
Blown coverage fire sale
Just fucking play man in the redzone against lamar
Please do not come out throwing screens
Son of a whore.
Defense absolutely clueless and out coached today.
Need to score here
Balfimore is still a top afc team lol its normal that the game is this close
That was a huge hole in coverage
I swear to fuck if our play calling is ass again...
Secondary needs to practice more. They look lost.
That was an awful throw too.
Just take the damn 25!!!
This.... is... a great game.
THIS IS AFC NORTH FOOTBALL
Hey whatever happened to Vance?
Smh
Eazy-E!!
RAY. RAY.
Extreme face masking
Nice facemask
Fucking Ratbirds
I'm fine with a few positive yards each down
That was closer to vintage Ben
Nice
Kinda scared about a long drive here. Ravens could easily retaliate
These deep balls to claypool ain’t it
I kinda didn't want to get down the field this fast lmao
Romo wearing purple tinted glasses
They almost got 200 rushing yards lol. So much for number 1 rush defense
Ravens are really handing us this one
JUJU Ward...
Good juju
Juju is doing so much today. His impact can’t be understated
Being a Steelers fan is not good for my health
TD for JuJu please!
TOUCHDOWN WOOOOOOO
YEEEES BABY HERE WE'RE POPPING AGAIN
LET’S GO BABY
LFGGGGG
MAPLETRON!
LETS GO MAPLETRON
Now toughen up Defense!
Let’s go babyyy
STEEELERSSSSSS
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Peters walk back to the bench... please internet make it a gif lol
Oooooo I’m watching a lagging stream but playing claypool on my fantasy team....ya love to see it
CLAY DAY BABY GET IN LINE
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
Pay the Pool
TURNOVER TIME
"this is where Steelers stars make their money, how they perform in these BAL-PIT games. somebody on defense step up on this drive!! HERE WE GO!"
Mapletron 😭😭😭🙌🙌🙌🙌
Come on D
"I took a Claritin-D earlier, I may have a heart attack."
Since when is Randy doing a better job than Keith. Is it April already??
Got my towel swangin. Come on D!
Lets go Defense!
Our run defense has been crumb today
What is our defense doing Jesus Christ!
Might as well give them a quick 7 because we can’t stop them anymore
I am sorry but this is a joke.
Just keep them out of the end zone
Wtf defense
Butler doesn't have an answer for Bal run game.
Slicing through our defense like fucking butter JFC
Baltimores PA announcer is cringe
Our run defense got exposed tonight
It’s going to be up to Ben
The Ravens running game is turning this D into their bitch
Cams gonna get another pic guys don’t worry
Same play same play same play. Just wow guys
Holy shit 10 yards a run???
"They need to make a stop on one of these runs and create a passing play or two, otherwise Steelers may never touch the ball again."
Dline getting bullied all day
Stop the fucking run please.
Great.... more good news
We can’t lose Cam...
"Cam, no."
They've run that same play like three times in a row and it's worked every time....
Oh god fucking dammit
not cam
Ravens are having their way on every run. It's straight domination.
God damnit... please just be a cramping
"4 fucking minutes. Come on, D. Please for the love of God STOP THEM COLD"
The defense is spent.
"Did they let us score fast to get the ball back?


Wish we had run a few running plays when we got close"
Fuck. Not Heyward.
"""Been a long day for everyone on that defense."""
Please for the love of God get a stop
Highsmith is playing a lot
Heyward back in
HERE WE GOOO
Stopppped emmm
My heart
You have to love it. This is what it’s all about right here. Let’s go Steelers!
Renegade
"if im them, im going for it.  we cant stop the run for any reason. just run it, and you got the first."
What else did anyone expect. Does a steelers ravens game ever get decided by halftime? How many of these games have been decided by 3 points?
I fucking hate this right now
This is huge. Offense stepped up in the second half. Defense needs to hold em!
"Oh fuck gonna be like that huh

Gonna need more booze"
If there is a phrase that a game just simply defines. That phrase would be “Next Man Up”.
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXhuso4OTG4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXhuso4OTG4)  


PLAY IT NOW AND CRANK IT. STEELERS TAKE MY ENERGY!!!!"
Two minute warning for the refs to convene and discuss how to rig the game
Stick your head in that ammonia bucket!!!!!!!!
THROW THE BALL COWARDS
hoooooo wee
YEAH D
LETS GOOOOOO
"We're playing a great team at home and still up. I'd be happy even losing by 3, but WE JUST GOT A STOP BABY TIME TO WIN!!!! FUCK LOSING BY 3! WOOO!"
FUCKING SUCK IT LAMAR YES
OH MY GOD
Let’s fucking gooooo
LETS GOOOOO
LET'S GO BUGGS! WHAT A HUGE PLAY.
How many drinks deep are we?
BINCE.
That's it boys! BELIEVE!
holy shit!!! yes
I need a new pair of shorts! Let’s go D!!!
FUMBLEE RECOVERYYYYY. NOW LETS RUN THIS CLOCK OUTTT
Stupid play calling on Baltimore’s part. Everyone saw that shit coming from a mile away.
AND ANOTHER FUMBLE LMAOOOO
Spillane 🐐
not over yet
"Yeah the jig is up, the news it out they finally found you Lamar!"
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCK YES!!
BUGGS BUGGS BUGGS BUGGS
LETS GOOO
stuffed af.
BUGGS
BALL. OVER. ON. DOWNS
BUGGS IS THE GOAT
BUGGS
Big play Buggs... once again... fuck you Mondeaux ;)
Never doubted you D! Lol
WOOOOOOOOOOO
What a stop
He's short!!!!
"They still have two timeouts, still need to make a play"
just run this out.  keep your hands on the ball at all times
YESSSSSSSSSSSSJAKAKANJSISKQNSDJSAKSJD
"lol, I am still in the commercial break, but glad to hear :D"
RENEGADE
YES!!!! GET FUCKED JACKSON!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
PLAYS SMART THERE IS TILL TIME LEFT
Buggs has fucking stepped it up. Let's close this shit out cleanly for fucks sake
Run that clock out... come on James!
FUCK YEEEEEEEESSSS
If we win I’ll say yay. If we lose I’ll say no
first down seals this. thats all we need.
Buggs coming in clutch!!!
Just run that clock and keep getting FDs
Lamar is a fraud!!
No mistakes
Need a first down to ice this game
"Put'em to bed, Buggs!"
LETS GO
Ballsy
So proud of this team. Lets finish this off.
the times you wish you had a consistently good punter
Love that call
PLAY OF THE YEAR RIGHT HERE BOYS
"No way Lamar was throwing in a big situation like that, terrible play call for the Ravens.... but I LOVE IT!!"
GET THE FIRST AND HOLD ON TO THE BALL
NOT OVER YET
Oh shitttt
oh no
FUUUCKKKK
Fuck
Ok run the fucking ball. Ravens have no timeouts!!!!!
Nooooo
"I’m REALLY surprised they ran spread draw play. Buggs pressed his man, extended, and got eyes on lamar."
FUCKKKKK
that was the time for an end around if there ever was
Does Lamar have the ability to go on a game winning drive?
"damn, just needed 2 yds"
Ew.
Close. Out. These. Games.  My heart can't do this.
come on Berry you fucking muppet pin it deep!!!!
"It’s so weird to me when coaches don’t pass there. So what, incomplete? What’s the difference between them getting it with 1:40 or 1????"
"We need a Berry 50.

They are going to try to block"
"They'll get the ball at our 45 with how trash Berry is. The defense has to be perfect here, Baltimore can score on any play."
4 and out
Play call... not on Connor
"Should have probably thrown that ball, but hindsight and all that..."
YES BERRY
"For once in your life, don't be a disappointment Jordan"
Good boy Berry
This is absolutely the last team I want to punt to. God damn. Nail. Biter.
Oh god I do not like this amount of pressure on berry....
Oh please no
"[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXhuso4OTG4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZXhuso4OTG4)   


Alright, get it ready again. When the time is right. You crank that shit!"
Decent punt
"Thank you, Berry."
Dislike that up the gut run entirely.
Not bad Berry
DO NOT PLAY PREVENT DEFENSE
KEEP THEM IN BOUNDS!!
I feel like Pittsburgh has murdered at least a thousand people with these damn heart-attack games.
Just keep them inside
That's grounding
*Breathes into a paper bag.*
Grounding!?
At least they ran the ball and chewed up some clock. Better than an incomplete pass with 1:40 left
How is that not grounding??
Grounding?!?!?
I'd feel a lot more comfortable if we had got that first down
at least they have to throw 😂
Please hold them please hold them please hold them
Grounding...
THIRDDDDDDD DOWNNNNNNNN
"D-FENCE

D-FENCE

D-FENCE"
Defense has to do it again. Fuck
ONE MORE STOP
One more stop...
The game right here
that looked like obvious grounding
Dumbass stayed in bounds...
Oh come on
Omfg
Goddammit I can’t watch
FUCK!!!!
Noooooooo
The game is in the defense hands. Right where we want em
WTF
Wtf
What the fuck defense
This is our secondary. There will be always someone open.
Fucking fuck
Fuck
F U C K
Bad secondary
8 sec oh no
not the knew
Grounding!!!! Where’s the flag!!!
hopefully cramps
This is the worst
Ready for some bullshit.
So that’s a injury time out so we’re fucked
wtf so open again.
Incomplete!! Let’s GOOOOOO
crazy how that could lose it for us
Not like this Pitt. I bet the house on this game..
I'm gonna die of a heart attack right now
Going. To. Have. A. Heart. Attack.
the way the ravens play its gonna be last play of game.
For a second I thought #60 was Greg Warren. Fuck I’m getting old
need a miracle
My fucking heart . . .
Yeah I guess I should boo when a Ravens player gets hurt then.
COME ON TJ SACK THAT TWAT
[deleted]
"God, I hope Cam is ok."
LETS GOOOO
LETS GOOOOOO
We get a terrible injury and they get time added to the clock? That's dumb.
STILLERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
UNDEFEATED BAY BEEEEEEE
Man I really hope heyward’s injury isn’t bad
SEVEN OH
Watttt
That’s it
My god my fucking heart.
FUCK THE RAVENS
BIG COOM BOYS. BIG COOM
STILL UNDEFEATED
Holy fuck fitz had some air under him
yessssssssssssssssssssssssss
LETS FUXKING GOOO
Fucking hell that was tense
Never in doubt...
holy fuck what a crazy game. I'll be so upset if cam is really hurt in the last thirty seconds
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO 7 AND 0
Wooooio
I can only get so errect
I love all of you. They did it but not without a big loss
My poor heart!
LFG
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
"All you mother fuckers complaining about Ben. If he goes out, I am blaming you and reminding you of your idiocy for every bad QB play the rest of the year."
Washington wants to deal Haskins..so if Bens elbow is fucked we should call them. He’s for sure better than Rudolph or Duck
"wow i came in here for some nice discussion but all you guys do is bitch...

1. refs have made a bad call for both teams
2. romo is the best broadcaster
3. it’s the first quarter"
That penalty was so dumb man. Gotta be better against these fuck heads.
This is all on the offence being useless
"This sub cannot accept anything other than perfection, huh?"
Bruh he didnt even lose control
We are down 7 lol... this team is still in it. Yall need to calm the fuck down
This is where rookie wide receivers let you down trying to do too much
Damnit Claypool.
Broo can we please stop wasting first down with a run every fucking time??
#HIRE TODD HALEY
God damn it! HIT HIM! Make that RB masquerading as a QB pay for his charade!
"I see some people in here blaming the WR's.. Sure, but have you seen some of these passes? lol"
That pick 6 felt like ages ago. Ravens are making us look like we're in 2019 again.
Spillane’s pick six is hiding the fact that we are getting dominated right now
"We’re imploding, we’re not playing clean football"
This offense is pissing me off beyond belief. I want to fucking scream. Ben is so atrocious
Ravens RBs doing to us what we thought Henry would do to us.
Hope we play better on the rematch game on Thanksgiving.  Don't want to lose my appetite for my late evening 3rd and 4th plates.
"Alright that was not what I expected after that pick-6 and last weeks start but we’re still in it. Altough a 2nd half opening TD is urgent. D is getting tired the way this half went. Unfortunately it  got called back, but that Haden pick was sexy nonetheless. We got this, here we go!"
"Boys as long as ben is healthy we have a chance. Whats with the hate today? Even if we get smacked were 6-1 relax. Big game but i remember week 2 last year that feeling the year is done when ben went down. just be greatful we have 7 and were sitting at 6-0. Also only down 10.. ""fans"" on here are crazy"
What is with all these shitty rappers with shitty food orders from McD's?
Romo is fucking embarrassing himself
3rd and 14 and 2nd and 22. Fuck you defense.
“Dad what’s a secondary?”
"You know what I hate, when Ben knows that he's playing like literal shit, he then starts acting like he's injured or that there's something going on"
"Refs vs. Steelers, awesome. Claypool clearly got that back."
"Y'all are nothing but doom and gloom over here jesus. There's so much game to play, settle down."
There's where Spillane kills you in coverage. Trying to man-up
Fucking bullshit dog shit fucking penalty
Why are we putting linebackers on WRs
Why is the NFL gifting all of our opponents points
"Lol, back to the old days where we playing LB vs. Best receiver."
Stupid fucking penalty on Heyward- that’s what happens.
I can't get over that horseshit penalty. Fucking killer.
Why tf would we have Vince on Boykin on 3rd and goal? Lamar didn’t even look to see if he was open he just threw it right when he saw that mismatch.
"Heyward with not a smart play. It's a bad call, but no fucking reason to give them an opportunity to make a bad call."
These must be the same refs from the Titans game
Welp this game turned on a dime.
Maple FML
Bush being out for season will hurt as in such big games A LOT. Bush would have got that tackle for a 4th down.
Defense can’t stop giving up big yardage plays. It’s a problem.
"DJ runs 3 routes and he's out again and its not the injury he previously had

he's made of paper"
What’s wrong woth Ben overthrown everyone for last 6 weeks
Why do we do third and long bombs or run plays?
If that's the play called on third down and 10  against this defense just cut out the middle man and punt it on third.
"The run on 3rd and 10 makes sense there. The Ravens were clearly going to bring pressure and you could see Ben completely reworking the play to take advantage in the holes that they opened up in the second level by blitzing. If Conner bounces outside there then it’s a first, and the idea was right to take advantage of what they were being shown. A sack in your own red zone hurts so much more there."
Well that was a good $122 million investment
I hate injuries
"Biggest game of the year and the game is tied. 3rd and 10 and you’re starting to lose momentum, what do you do? A draw play of course"
That's an expensive injury.
Holy crap Ebron caught a pass
This rain favours Baltimore much more. Fml
I thought we had the best run defense
Steelers always have a good half and a bad half. Hopefully this is the latter...
Concussion protocol?
Why does Gus Edwards only play good against the Steelers??
One stupid penalty changed the entire complexion. Fucking stupid
"defense just got bullied, that wasn't even a competitive drive"
Holy fuck if the offence can’t produce this drive it’s over
Where’s Cam Heyward at? He’s been completely invisible other than taking a stupid penalty resulting in 7
"Bunch of fuckin babies in ITT, it’s a one possession game in first half"
Ok guys. Time to lose your shit. First “fire Butler” post wins a plate of jumbo.
This is a game we needed Devin Bush for. Having a quick mike LB is an essential to beat this team.
If this possession ends in a punt we’re in trouble
Bro wtf I hate Marcus Peters
Baltimore showing its class.
Offense is looking rough.
Ben looks like straight dog shit.
this game is SO ANNOYING
Another pick 6 cause defense is the only way we're scoring with Ben playing like this.
Why have all of our snaps been so bad? Pouncey isn’t what he used to be
Ben sucks cock today
Ben has been HORRIBLE today... pull your head out of your ass!
"Here we go, back to asking the D to save the day.  The Ravens D so far is too fast, too prepared, and too hungry.  One more TD by the Ravens could lock it up.  Good thing it's Sunday cause I'm praying right now."
Imagine how scary the Ravens would be if they had a good quarterback who could pass
"Lamar could have went to the parking lot, got in his car, and still driven through that hole."
"Hopefully Ben is OK. 

But I would rather see Dobbs than Rudolph if Ben is hurt.  It would be Mason though."
Thank God we didn't try to get a serviceable backup
Ben’s “elbow issue” makes me angry that we haven’t done shit to upgrade from the backups we have.
Injured Ben is best ben
no catch
Great job calling a timeout Tomlin. What the fuck  did you do during the review?
And another Lamar first.
I hate watching this game. How tf do you let them get that.
Why can't we stop the run?
Lamar can’t be stopped at all.
10 yard run on 1st and 15...
I hate these fucks
Down 10 at the half would be a miracle. Fully expecting a touchdown here
I am sick of having Watt just key on the QB every play. It's a waste of your best defender. Let him use his instincts and make plays.
"Can we please get a fucking stop, now here comes the FG or worse."
21-7 at halftime would not be good.
Everyone needs to breathe
Absolutely fucking pathetic coaching and execution.
Losing alualu pretty much ended this game
God damn it! Tucker is a fucking cheat code! I hate him.
heyward penalty is scarring me
Is 24 yards passing the lowest Ben has ever had in a 1st half?
The offense needs to turn things around or the rat birds will put up more points
Took a shower to wash the stink off. New half hopefully we turn it around
Our receivers are doing their jobs(besides that 1 drop). Our pass pro is stepping up. Ben needs to shape the fuck up.
Why is Samuels in or even a first read?  He is utter trash
why does Jaylen Samuels continue to see snaps or targets
BERRY SUCKS
Big ben always just chucks it on 3rd down
"Johnson wasn't even trying to play the ball. It was DPI, but you're not going to get that call when the WR literally gives up."
We’re on the road in shitty weather against a Ravens team who had two weeks to prepare. Let’s not overreact here.
FORWARDS CONNER JESUS CHRIST
Is it just me or does the momentum still kinda feel neutral?
FUUUUUUCK YES. Nice work Offense!
"I know we all want to win but i really hate our fans being toxic on the first half when the game isn’t lost yet. It’s frustrating for everyone, and then reading hate comments just makes it worse. Let’s trust our team to make big plays!"
Do not start with this bs again.....
Tony Romo loving this. Stroking em a bit
"please get a 3rd down stop, please get a 3rd down stop."
There's that classic defense
"The hold is what created the play, great call"
The only reason Jackson has been able to do that all day. Holding. Finally called
You know we’re bad at drafting in the secondary when everyone on draft day said we reached for Edmunds
"Hell yeah, ready to watch these refs just give this to the ravens."
Okay let’s go O
"Baltimore scored too soon...expect us to come back..and Jesus, the Lamar Jackson 3 INT trash gimmicky QB love needs to stop..Jesus, it’s annoying..."
"Man, Minkah just looked completely lost out their that entire drive. Let’s go O"
Man Steelers are lucky today
Man this juju kid we should through him the ball.
"Renegade 

https://youtu.be/7LME21brI_o"
What is happening with this defense?
Fire Keith Butler
Fucking hell man. Our D fucking packs up and goes to lunch every time our offense puts in some work. Disheartening as all hell.
"This sub needs to quit it with the fatalistic bullshit, we are having the best start to a season in most of our lifetimes. CHILL."
IF THEY GET THE TD WE CAN TIE IT FOR OT WITH A FIELD GOAL
"Lamar Jackson, you've been figured out you frog face fuck! Steelers D!!!"
When the fuck is our bye week?
Fuck yes!!!!!!!!
7-0 motherfuckers!!!
FUCK YOU RATBIRDS
"7-0, you’ll never sing that"
Jesus. Christ. 7-0. I’m so scared. But also happy. I’m a glass case of emotions.
He would have caught that if it wasn’t for minka
SEVEN AND OH HOW NERVOUS I AM
Lamar lost that game
MINKAHHHHHH
Minkah!
7 and fucking 0
That was stressful!
I was close on my prediction that we get 5 takeaways. Final was 4.
It’s OK guys.... Tomlin will make one of his signature halftime adjustments and we’ll lose this game by at least 35
Why are they showing idiot Donald Trump ads??
The refs will call this every time .... Heyward should know better
"Wow, maybe the betting lines knew something we didn’t. Didn’t think it would be this one sided. Especially surprised how bad our run D has been"
Johnson has a shit attitude honestly. It’s come out a few times this year and I hate when receivers completely quit on passes to try and get a call.
Who the fuck is J Balvin?
Our defense has been ASS since the 2nd half against Tennessee
Jim Nantz is a dickhead
That field goal will lose us the game. I love my black and gold but if they don’t show up in the second half it’s plain over
You would think Tomlin would know after 13 fucking years BALTIMORE NEVER DIES!!
I have a bad feeling we're about to lose this game by a big margin. Haven't had that feeling all year.
About the only thing good from this broadcast so far is seeing the AT&T girl and how I want to wreck it...
Does Lamar jackson have the stupidest hair in the league?
This looks like the Rudolph/Duck offense.
Can't wait for Ben to go 3 and out again! 💪😎
I can’t wait to see who Ben overthrows next
Ben is playing like total shit
So maybe another pick 6? Our defense is basically our whole team today
[deleted]
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST ITS NOT LIKE THEYRE GONNA RUN EVERY PLAY WHY WOULD THEY DO THAT
Jackson can just throw the ball on the ground as he runs through open field to fuck with us and we are doing nothing about it. 🤦‍♂️
How do we let that happen? We know it's coming. Every Arm Chair Coach saw that coming. Yet we let it happen....AGAIN.
"Defense has been playing well, Offense needs to step the hell up in the second half."
Yall need to stfu lol we are down 10 points with half of the game left. We are a 2nd half team relax
wtf these deep passes are not working. Stop doing them every time. Ben had a guy open in the seam
"Ben fucking sucks today. Well, game’s not over yet. But this is on him today. And if the Titans had come back last week, I would’ve squarely blamed it on Ben then, too, for mind numbing decisions. 

He goes through a two or three game stretch like this every year. Hopefully he gets this out of his system now and we can move forward. But this is ugly."
"Even beer says to vote, lmao"
Fitz is not having the best of years.
Isn’t minkah supposed to be a top safety in the league??? Dude has resembled Swiss cheese for us this year smfh
Would love to see this defense under a coordinator who isn’t a complete moron.
"This is prolly reactionary, but I’d be down to just get Darnold and use bens money to pay Dupree"
"If that was Conner, he would’ve ran straight into the wall"
wobble ball... come on captain fat fuck
im not giving up on ben rn but who do you think the steelers are gonna do about the QB situation?
Our defense can’t stop anything
"another week, another embarrassment in some sort against this team."
Muting Romo for the second half
"If big Ben is having doubts about his arm I think we should try and get fitzmagic for cheap. I really don’t trust Rudolph if Ben goes down.
>Edit or just trade for darnold as the jets are trying to get Lawrence"
Our defense is not as good as we thought
These refs are unimaginably against us today.
"Ten fucking players couldn’t get one player down. Holy shit

Meanwhile a finger tap will bring Conner down"
It’s time for Captain FatFuck to lead his men
How about a trade for fitzmagic?
If the steelers lose this one with 3 Raven starters out shame on them.
Got the defibrillator ready. 🚑
Bince in coverage?
Ravens for sure gifted that TD
God that penalty was so stupid
That ones on Casey took all the life out of the defense
wtf ebron
#elite
Ebron is so so unreliable
Calling that the Joe Falco
Joe Flacco move lol
That was pretty uncatchable. This rivalry is ass when the refs take over. Makeup call?
Kill. . . Me . . . Now
Fuck my life
Thats steelers football baby
Defense on the field way too much 1st quarter. Going to be tired out real quick
"Looks like it’s gonna be a long half, because as we know we can only play one half of good football"
GET A FUCKING STOP DEFENSE DAMMIT
Diontae Johnson can’t stay fucking heathy.
Fuck man. Tyson doubtful
Come on Ben...
Why are they running???? Oh wait ok FIRST DOWN!
"Same old first quarter offence, don't stress too soon."
Why did we get rid of Colquitt?? I thought he was doing fine?
Should’ve stuck with Colquitt smh
Crazy thought... But I'm willing to bet our offense is still in the scripts... Dj going out fd everything up... Need to let ben start calling the plays.
Why aren't we trusting the run game on 1st or 2nd? But then run on 3rd and 10? Playing some dumbass ball right now.
"Fuck


I hate injuries"
He got Dak'd real talk
Is Ben okay?
This offense is dawg rn good defense do
Offense looks badddd
Jeez... is our rush D that bad without Alualu?
What happened to the run defense from weeks 1-7?
Alualu being out is killing them
It may be tied but we absolutely look like the worse team
"Maybe, I dunno.... stop somebody?"
Ravens are just a horrible matchup for us. It's pretty obvious.
Lmao is this the Steelers defense or a Big 10 defense?
This is a fucking joke.
Alright have to stop this weak ass turtle bullshit now.
78 with the bear hug to open the hole on the TD.  just disgusting reffing.
Now this  was the most humiliating drive i've ever seen against our defence. Holy hell was that embarrassing.
This offense is probably the worst I’ve ever seen
Peters is a dirty bum.
Are offense is playing worse than the bears' offense.
Suspend him for the season
Offense is absolute trash today
Ben should keep throwing only deep balls because he’s nailing them every time!
Leave it to the Ratbirds to hit him in the elbow.
"64 yards 

lol"
I’m not ready for the reindeer time
Would love to see the time of possession difference. Holy fuck.
Jackson giving up the ball some more but luckily he was falling toward it.
remember guys steelers deferred. Stay hopeful
[deleted]
[deleted]
This defense is trash today
Hahahahahahaha another first down
This is hilarious at this point. What the fuck
Can’t even keep him in bounds.  Unfuckingreal
They beat the brakes off us that half. Not going to lie
This is depressing watching these guys get bullied this first half.
I can’t believe we’re only down 10
The Steelers need to give my boy Juju some targets!
Is Tomlin going to bother adjusting or is it going to just be Harbaugh again?
I would've like to see Ben out there once after that whole elbow holding tackle
200 more offensive yards than us 😂
"Unnecessary roughness, pushed juju out of bounds /s"
Unreal. That’s ball game
"This offense is so boring, god"
Fuck everything
"INC INC INC PUNT.

Way to come out swinging."
That looked like some PI. Curious Ravens fan here at work trying to watch the game. Is Bens elbow fucked?
Who let Lamar throw the ball?
I swear to fucking god Ben if you don’t put points on the board with this field position then you need to retire mid game.
We would be blown out if not for Lamar's passing
I will honestly be so proud of this team if we lose by less than seven
Fuck off Romo.
Review that shit Tomlin!!!! God damn!
Damn white Woodley could’ve caught that
"We ended their streak Mfers.

Edit:
Like how idiot down voted for me pointed out we ended the ravens quarter scoring streak."
Lamar the slug. It doesn’t rhyme but it’s fun to say. LAMAR SLUGGG
Sack LUNCH
We all know Lamar keeping it and scramble. Please keep a eye on him running
[deleted]
GODDAMMIT
Jesus fucking christ. Why are guys wide open?! Minkah is fucking lost.
Our D is getting smacked around this quarter.
Lmao. They still got the TD nice
Spillane blew it
This defense got so many chances lmfaooooo and they still broke
We just gave up 3 TDs in a row
MINKAH SHITZPATRICK FUCKED EVERY PLAY AND YET AGAIN BLOWS IT
We are completely incapable of playing with a lead unless we're playing Cleveland and it's frustrating as fuck
This will be the biggest drive of the defense. Right here. Right now. Stop them.
LETS GO DEFENSE
STFU ROMO
This run defense is some madden cheese
"Fuckin gashing us and eating up clock.

Disaster drive."
Romo he was wide open lmao
"Oh fuck, Heyward."
my heart skipped a beat there
Fuck my fucking heart
THANK FUCK
Devin Who?
Come on rookie. Know when to get down
[deleted]
Todd Haley is a fucking legend compared to Fichtner
Fuck you America with your whore commercials you sold
Umm why does this look like last years offense wtf
Baltimore isn't going to pass until they have to.  Sell out to the run.  Lamar Jackson's arm isn't a threat when it is a 7-7 game.
If the offense doesn’t score on this upcoming drive we’re getting blown out
"Wow. A second team Oline is dominating our “”””elite”””” front 7. 

This is fucked"
"The two turnovers not withstanding, the ravens offense is having their way with the Steelers defense. It’s really not close. This game is 2 plays away from 21-0 with the ravens driving the ball to the 2 on the turnover. This game is close but it won’t be for much longer."
ROMO IS A PUSSY ASS BITCH
"Everybody hating the offense, it’s deserved but remember...the Ravens defense is really really good too."
lol their up by 7 points and it's the end of the world
Who is #7 and what has he done with my hall of fame QB
God please not Rudolph
Stil got mad faith. But cmon boys- after PSU last night- gimme something
That’s a catch THATS A CATCH
Pathetic. The most obvious play call ever.
I know it's early but I don't see us winning this unless we see a big change in the second half.
It’s fucking pathetic we are giving up points on this drive
This is fucking ridiculous
"Fort and 15, allow 10. We miss bush, and whoever thinks Spillane is enough to not trade for an ILB, is blind"
Don’t know how we’re gonna win when our offense has done just 64 yards all game when Lamar is going 64 yards almost every drive
"Not panicking but man do dobbins and edwards look great for the ravens, they've got good depth at rb, connor hasn't been terrible but would love to see mcfarland in weather conditions like this"
"I’ll get a jersey for anyone that predicts the winning score. Lets go!

Edit: also, whoever predicts our offensive and defensive mvp.

Edit 2: Steelers Win"
"One of my dogs is such a dick. He'll come out from under the blankets, looks around, sees where the other dog is laying, and then decides he wants to lay under that blanket like I should move her for him."
God damn we need to lay some more heavy hits on him
Nice. Now Bal has to score a TD.
They've got over 250 yards rushing on us. Man I fucking hate this team.
Just go the fuck down. Rookie mistake.
"I feel like Juju must've told claypool all week ""Hey man they fucked me last year by knocking the ball out, watch out for that"" it's almost like they don't learn"
"Conner is just an average, or perhaps slightly below average, running back. He doesn’t play smart enough to find good lines, doesn’t have the speed to be elusive, doesn’t have the bulk to be a truck. Idk. I just don’t and never have had confidence in him."
Ravens have the 30th ranked offense and we’re getting WAXED on defense
🦆
Lamar is so fucking overrated
tony romo is a bitch
Shut the fuck up Romo
Looks like an INT to me
[deleted]
Lamar is the only reason we’re in this game. All these runs and short passes keep them from scoring big.
Ben deserves to lose. I hesitate to say the Steelers as a team because the entire offense stalling is almost entirely on Ben.
This D has been a dumpster fire this game. 😳
This fucking dick head can’t get 2 yards smh
Offense is literally useless and Ben knew the blitz was coming. 21-7 before the half with how bad the d has been.
"I don’t give a fuck what you guys say, our defense is NOT THAT GOOD"
Week after week we can just not get out of our own way.  There is no more frustrating team to watch in the entire NFL.
Why do we suck so bad. How tf are we 6-0
[deleted]
"Let's face it, it's hard to beat a better-coached team.

Doesn't matter who we have on the field."
"Look for Claypool to get plenty of targets.  Last week DJ got 15 targets, Juju got 14 targets, Claypool got 1 target. That was a plan to get Juju and DJ going. 

This week against the Ravens, Claypool will get his chances."
Looking for ravens to use a lot of jet sweeps with Duvernay today to try and keep our run defense off balance. It’ll probably get them some chunk plays early but we’ll adjust and prevail
Guys I wore a safety jersey every game this year (Troy or Mink) but I was sick last week and didn’t wear a jersey in bed. What do I do
Is there a steaming site where I can watch?? Live in Upstate NY so Buffalo is all I get on TV.
My cbs screen is frozen.... other channels work fine. Anybody else dealing with this?
Would love if we could have some 4:30 games so I don’t have to watch from work every week.😒
"Ah yes Rocket Mortgage, that's why I don't just get a bigger place, because I didn't know how easy it was. 

Thanks Rocket Mortgage."
HERE WE GO!
"God I hope for a repeat of them standing around looking at each other while time runs out.

That was a single greatest ending I've ever seen"
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
First time ever it’s Lamar vs Ben
Force them to throw tue ball. Jackson won't beat us with his arm
OMG I LOVE IT
OMFG
RoBo OMG
YES! AFTER THAT LIE OF AN INCOMPLETE
ROBO COP
LETS FUCKING GO BABY
S
LETS FUCKING GO
Oh man!
HOLY SHIT SPILLANE
I can’t stop cumming
What a start baby!
lamar about to have a loooooong day
next man up mentality
LFG
Force a 3 and out yere
Spillane is such a great replacement for Bush. Hoping he keeps it going. Go Stillers!
Lets fucking go!
Okay Haden that’s fine.
3rd down
Jackson is not gonna have a good day taking hits like that regularly.
LOCKED UP BOI
Lowered his shoulder
Any online stream link?
Fucking idiot
Casey you dumb shit love you
Nooo don’t accept that penalty
Is topstreams on nflbite freezing a lot for anyone else
Refocus fellas let’s hold to 3 here
He is so fast lol
🤣
Fuck
Vince are you looking at all
So maybe double their only receiver?
spillane slip or was that a pick?
"Welp time to see which offense we get, the aggressive or conservative one"
Yeah. It’s not going to be an easy win.
We know what to do
real stream somewhere?  not scam betting sites?
Let’s show em Ben
Anybody got a good steam?
Ba god that's Penalty Flag's music!
Ugh
This game is quickly taking a turn...
No replay of penalty?
Can we cut Ebron this offseason
Catch the fucking ball
Low but gotta catch everything
Hh look another dum dum that just can't help himself hitting people in the back.   Genius NFL players abound.
I love a makeup call
Penalty bowl
Damn Ebron.
Fucking Ebron
Live stream link anybody?
his hands were behind his knee? He knee'd the ball
Wow that is annoying as fuck
Make up call lol
Damn it
Sloppy game Jesus Christ
I need to get the steelers some Osage orange (monkey brains/monkey balls)  to peel on the sideline.  Sticky hands for sure.  It's not stickum its just a snack.
Time for another turnover
Peters and Humphrey really just gonna put on a show today huh?
"I get it, it's only the first quarter.vbut it does suck that we had them in the perfect situation and then Cam had a stupid penalty and then the defense got carved up, and the offense immediately turns it over after two ugly plays. yes, it's the first quarter but had an advantage and gave it up and look like shit right now. hopefully they can get a stop and the offense can give the defense a breather but this has not been awesome so far."
Fuck dude already in the red zone
Pathetic
Bush makes that tackle
THATS FUMBLE COME ON
Our players do know this is football right? They’re allowed to hit the ravens. It’s not baseball.
Who didn’t see that play coming - people in Scranton saw that coming .. come on!
LETS GOOO
Well well well
What they say about DJ??
Mulligan i guess lol
"Alright fellas, take your time and play smart smart football here"
Woot!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh I’m freaking out right now wtf
WE THE NORTH
This is gonna be a crazy game lol
incoming coaches challenge...
"So today's definitely one of those ""take your heart medication even if you don't need it"" kind of days."
Alright just gotta get a good drive here boys!
Start callin' him Lamar 'turn it over' Jackson.
No running game at all
Jesus ben
ATTA BOY JC we needed that
Everyone’s getting injured this game
Why are we in molasses?  So slow O
Miss the first of our offensive drives because of the stream what was our turnover?
and no good punter either
Colquitt wasn't that bad
Ughh he could got the first if he went out
??
Dafuq are these play calls
Come on guys.....
Damn
Bring back Colquit >_>
[deleted]
Bad punt smh
Getting crushed in field position
Looking flat as fuck
Why can’t we find a good punter?
Jesus
Awesome. Thanks Berry. Glad to have you back
Was the ball wet or does the punter suck?
Fuck Jordan berry
That's the Jordan Berry we know.
Can we PLEASE draft a punter
jesus fucking christ this team
im pretty sure that play call was because the team wasnt lined up properly
It looks like the defense is going to need another offensive score
"Give it time, Ben will get hot."
If conner cuts outside it's a first down
"i missed that whole series cause my feed froze, but it sounds like i didnt miss anything amazing lol"
and the running back takes off
If Fichtner called that then he's a moron. Can't play stupid calls against the Ravens. You just got the ball back for fuck's sake.
Poor linemen
Hes done
"Definitely broken, hope he recovers fast"
Flipping between this and the Vikings game. Been some bloodbaths out there
"Decided to watch this game at my parents' house. My dad wanted to watch on delay, so had it recorded. Now he just deleted the goddamn recording, so not gonna see the first 13 minutes of the game. What did I miss?"
Squished his ankle into his shin.
Just bad luck as fuck seriously on the other hand didn’t Lamar throw that pass?
Fuckin ouch dude
"Fuck man, I hope he makes a full recovery. That’s tough."
I'd like to see some good field position for the offense before I say they are garbage. They have been bacccked up
Fuck we can’t get that going
Jackson is scared to run on us I think.
Love how much ebron is involved
Enbron is more good than bad
Come on offense. Get it going
Sigh
This offense looks bad
Decent punt
[deleted]
Finally a decent punt
Get Samuels out jfc
Is Johnson n injured?
I was reading that how the ravens play they really screw with timing. That's what it looked like on Ben-> Washington
JaySam gotta catch that.
Offense will pick it up in the second half
I wanna die
Wow
Have to do better on offense
Defense getting gashed now
Yeah this is the sign of a tired defense. We’re not looking good.
Alright this needs to fucking stop.
Offense needs to wake up and do something already. You're gassing the defense.
Yo why are y'all playing so far back vs the run like you're scared of Lamar throwing
It would be nice if offense could fucking perform
Ugh
Bud caught fucking cheating inside
This is brutal
"Our offense needs to spend more time on the field, the defense is tired"
Where is our D?!
Oh great
Absolute domination. So ugly
Great. . . .
We have to figure out something different with Baltimore.  This shit just isn’t going to cut it either today or in the long run.
I knew this was going to a tough one.
Maybe offense will wake up this drive... they don’t get aggressive until they start losing for some odd reason....
Time for a long clock killing drive
this is fucking ridiculous
Ben has no accuracy today
"Here we are once again boys. Defense doing it’s job and the offense sucking ass, once again."
What was that throw?
I never thought I would be so triggered by a picture of Jerome Bettis throwing a pass.
This offense is doo doo today
Damnnn I thought he might break the one. Either way we’ll take it still a great run.
"Yes, go that way!"
WTB an offense
Pouncey baby what is you doin.
"Wow, another deep pass to the right sideline. We literally only have 3 plays."
"do they have any offensive plan?

its run play or deep ball"
Pouncey I know the ball is wet but get it together
We may need to runnit more haha
There’s been some rough snaps today
Let’s run the quarter down
"Attaboy, James"
Thanks ratbirds
Man no one needed to be ejected
Whoopsie doo
"Nice one, Judon!"
This game is ugly smh.
LMAOOOO
Later gator
LOL NFL players are so stupid.  Hitting a ref.  LOL.
Zebra dies
"Adios Judon!

There's no room for that bullshit!"
"You gone, Judon."
Wild
WOW AWESOME GREAT
Another pass batted down
Great throw Ben!
Fuuuuuuck
DeCastro is good but he jumps so much lol
this is such a shit show
Pathetic
We're a basically playing without an offense right now. 2 of the first down came because of penalties. That's pretty much it.
Had the audio muted who all got ejected?
this offense is TRASH right now
Welp this doesn’t look to good
Offense is so out of sync and it starts with Ben.
Lets get it together boys!
We're playing scared. Zero confidence.
This team needs to get it together because they definitely don't look like a 6-0 team.
AHHHHHH
It will be interesting to see if the play calling improves once we go no huddle.  The game plan on both sides of the ball feels way to conservative.
Tuitt is playing well
God damn it fuck today
Jackson trying to help us out again
64 total yards of offense lmfao
Whew this game is rough we better come out slinging in the second half
They are literally just doing the same thing over and over again
Lamar dropping the ball again.
LETS FUCKING GO
There we go Haden!!!
LETS GO BIG JOE
Not a catch :(
Finally. Probably won’t matter bc our offense isn’t gonna do shit
Joeeeeee
What a pick
How does Lamar get 1 yard there ...
"That hit the ground, but then they gave Bush that one last year so I don’t know."
"I would say no, but really close."
JOE DUCKING HADEN
Give him control
Ah fucksakeeee
"U could see either way

Ball moved"
Come onnnnnnnnnnnnn man
If they give away another 3rd. . .
I would be happy about the stopped clock but we might have to put our trash offense back on the field
Fuck
Keep fighting D
I s2G if this is for pushing him out of bounds
And we let him rush for 10?!
We're looking helpless out there.
I am really disappointed so far. It's totally ok being down at half-time. But the way we're playing is concerning. Can't really stop them and without penalties can't getting a first down. Without big adjustment we will lose this game without a doubt.
Is Alualu ruled out? What happened?
Just happy only down by 10
How come we’re not seeing the Matt Canada’s influences in the offense no more?
hopefully we can make some adjustments and the offense can come out and out up points first thing and keep this game in range.
Yikes
Disgusting.
YUHHHH IM EXCITED
here comes a 3rd down fichtner draw
[deleted]
defense save us plz
Disappointing.
Even harbaugh thought it was pi
Lamar is so bad at passing.
I’ll take it!!!
Thank god Defense
LMAOO
Lmao
"Defense ""FINE WE'LL DO IT OURSELVES"""
little did they know the Ravens gain penalty resistance when you activate the Flac Dragon PI card
God Bless This Defense
There we go D is keeping us in this.
I don't get the 2nd down call. We're just running a stop right into a guy and ask a non-receiver to make a contested catch like that. Jaylen could've set that edge they were giving us the run and we would gained the five yards we were trying to gain with a low % pass
100% runs in the future
The running back turns it over again
Well the dpi should have been in that range so it worked out
ATTA BOY D
please don't waste the INT
"Come on, you steel bastards."
Better score boys.. no field goals
It took a year or two longer than I thought but Jackson will not win anything if there isn’t drastic changes.
LETS FUCKING SCORE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE
"Well, hopefully the D can bail us out again. 
If not... well, shit.

Edit: Spoke too soon"
Where are all you guys shitting on the d?
Going back to beer
Thank you sweet baby Jesus
Ebron way to go kid!
LETS GOOOOO EBRON!!!!
Thank god for our defense
LETS GO
and we back in it
Woooo
Thank god
Can we please punch this fucker into the end zone!?!
MOMENTUM BOYS
I love this defense
Alex Highsmith out of UNC Charlotte!
"Win or lose, I've seen Lamar play two games but they've convinced me he's NOT a Qb 

Excellent team though. Damn"
YESSIR
Even when we score we cannot give the Defence a rest....
Holy Shit....A Touchdown!!!
HERE WE MOTHERFUCKING GO!
Ebron :)
Connor trying to use bells patience
Thank you defense
THANK YOU EBRON
RIGHT BACK IN IT BOYS
Well boys we got a field goal at least
Let’s goooo
Please Steelers make it count
"There we go! Good stuff.

Lamar, if you could keep throwing like that pls"
Watch us get a field goal
Here we go!
Fucking thank you!
"What we got here is failure to communicate. 

Leggo Steelers!"
TD EBRON
WIDE. FUCKING. OPEN.
Steelers>>>>>>Raychokes
Why does BAL throw the ball?
Wtf
Do it again BozGod
The Ravens should stick to their Wildcat calls
"&#x200B;

What's' the problem now?"
You’re joking....
So...like...why?
I love when we play a true 3-4
WE NEED A STOP HERE
"Before this game I would've never thought Highsmith and Spillane would be the ones with picks if anyone, man crazy"
Uhhh can we stick to no huddle?
Bens hand or elbow?
what’s with the Romo hate? he’s actually fun to listen to
Let‘s goooo!!!
"Ah yes, the classic 1 yard Conner run"
Here we go with our shittt offense
Man we suck on first down
finally!
Finally a PI call!
L'ebron!
Here we fucking go
Flacco strategy
"Bonds, Terrell Bonds. lol"
could have had the first
Fuck.
HOLY FUCK DPI
Ben willing that ball
Wr are catching a covering up for ball security
1st Down Baby!
They just laid our receiver out
No dumb penalties please
So close juju!
Fuck JC good try
the offense never looks like they know whats going on
I have a thread for a jersey giveaway. Go predict everyone!
Fuck the ravens.
We have such a good receiving core: It’s not a big leap to ask Ben to do this at a minimum for our passing offense.
There was 12 on the field there.
wtf happened
yall really thought we were done. Smh
I trust Bens eyes
Okay that was weird
How can we run on 3rd and 10’s but not sitting a yard away from the goal line
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS HOLD THIS LEAD
Let’s goooooo!!!
Steelers Football Is Back!!!
Here we go!! The second half #7 is here.
Damn that endzone call was great
Big stop here boys
Loving the commercial commentary in this sub rn
WE NEED A STOP
SO CLOSE
Totally unrelated but LMAO titans getting owned by Cincinnati
How does Lamar overthrow screen passes?
Yaaaaas
HERE WE GO STEELERS
Let’s get some more points on the board and make Lamar start to have to throw it
Things are lookin UP
So close!
"I missed the 1st half and while I like watching regardless, it sounds like my heart should be thankful for not dealing with the stress."
Tony Mac keeps his feet there and we pick up 25 damn
Ring the bell
He ran himself into the ground
Omg way too fucking conservative
If he would of just ran he could of gotten some good yardage
Cmon D you got this
"Renegade

https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc"
Change cleats!
Yay! Army football getting some love.
ONE MORE STOP
Let's pick him off again boyyyyz
HUNG ISAIAH
Well damn
I just want to say I don’t know what Tomlin & the staff said at halftime but it definitely worked
Oh god no
Right in the gut
DISGRACEFUL
"Chissakes , third and long defense"
Jesus fucking christ
Garbage
it wasn’t his zone but i still blame edmunds
Oh come on :/
Pittsburgh gonna Pittsburgh
"we can have a run defense or pass defense, never both"
"C'mon Watt, need a strip sack NOW"
Spillane is a stud wtf
fucking why?
Wow. Wide open. Smh
Bruh
Edmunds at it again!
HOLD THEM TO 3
Hold them to a field goal
FORCE A FIELD GOAL OR A TURNOVER
Ma Boi Spillane back at it again!
need a TO quick
Sure just let him throw 70 yards why not
Spillane had really stepped up
Our defense is fucking pathetic
HAHAHHAAHAHA
Edmunds got faked and burned.
Fucking Edmunds is so bad
Fucking trash
On 3rd and 17... backbreaker
What crap coverage on that play
what the fuck
haha
Robo rocket
Thank god
Nooooo
the best thing 99 has done
Trash Mondeaux... get the damn sack... but glad they FINALLY called a hold
I’ll take it
Send Mondeaux back to the practice squad
Oh come on!
Thank goodness for that flag
Thank god
"holy moly this defense just got fucking cooked, thank christ lmao"
Fucking Mondeaux
What the fuck is this coverage?
Fuck this secondary. Fuck em. They will cost us everything.
You gotta be shitting me man 2&22....
What the actual fuck???
Flag?
God this team is frustrating
Fuck fuck fuck fuck come on defense
Did lamar try to spike it?? Lmao
Thank fuck
What are you guys doing??????
We don’t deserve this fucking game
Edmunds again??
When we bend we really bend
Goddamit man
Is that blood on Spillane’s sleeve? Or something else?
Oh no we've gone stupid again
Whew. We neeeeeded that flag. Thank God.
AGAIN... busted coverage by Mika Fitzpatrick!!!
seriously defense
Where the hell is the coverage!!!!
Guys....
"Where 
is 
the defense"
Get me off this crazy ride!
Wide open again
We’ll commit some dumb penalty and give them 7 or 8 tries at the goal line.
Same leg in doesnt count
i think the call stands
No good biotch
3rd down.
Be inconclusive
Oh boy more stress.
Way too easy still
Without a fight we gifted them the TD. They got everything they want. WTF IS THIS SECONDARY?
Fukkkkk
Fuck
He’s supposed to be covered??
The frick defense. Spillane just gave em points
No coverage at all
Massive meltdown gave up huge plays not even in the screen
"I'm cool with this three point difference right now because it means all we gotta do is kick a field goal to ties it while if we score again a field goal still means they are behind. 

We're in great shape right now.

Offense needs to step on the gas all the way though."
Lmfaooo that’s another awful deep ball for Ben
Of course not. Fuck u refs
Ou fuck off
(:
Peters never turned around & made contact. Should've been a PI
Better not pick this one up too
How's that not a foul if heywards hit was
Romo is obsessed with Claypool's height
Face Mask!!!
Heads up by claypool help push
Great fucking work JUJU!!!
Flacco special baby
Oh fuck yeah we love to see it
Way of the flacco
Flaaaag
Finally
LFG
ily Juju
I did not think we would take that first with a bubble screen.
Juju is tough
Pass Interference bitch
My power went out. Fuck man!
Ravens secondary can’t handle the WRs.
"need a TD on this drive. tying it up, w/ how Baltimore has been able to run the ball, is asking a lot of our already gashed defense.

juju looking like hines ward on this drive!"
No turnover
"Juju is such a solid part of this team, you have to appreciate him"
WAY TO BOUNCE BANK
That’s my boy Claypool!
Let’s gooooooo
"Man, we need to score and leave a lot of time. Bal will want to run it down and bring in tucker for a kick."
Come on Defense
yurrrrrr
LETS GO BABY
Nice work
PLEASE don't let up!
Let’s gooooiiooooosojdwnaoudnw
Guys I’m out of IC Light what do I drink now to help the good guys?
Well today was a good day to start Claypool and Ben. Double points on that drive.
🛑
"On the last scoring drive, can someone explain how the Peters coverage on claypool wasn’t another PI? He never turned to play the ball...just jumped at chase to impede the catch..."
Who was that that whiffed and flew by?
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME DEFENSE
THIS DEFENSE IS PATHETIC!!!!!!!
Uh what’s happening here D?
Offense does good so defense has to give up. Come on
Love Fitzpatrick grabbing him by the heel 😂
COME ON
wtf
"Man, our run d is getting exposed big time today."
Wow defense this is fucking soft. They’re just running down on the field on y’all. Offense gave them rest the last drive and they’re allowing this to be done
They’re now measuring their rushing in miles
I'm nervous
They are going to kill us with the clock.
Man our rush defense is making me so sad today
Pathetic
FUCKING WRAP THEM UP. You've had plenty of time to rest.
I know one thing.  We’ll have Mike Hilton for the rematch.
Fuck there goes Heyward
Wtf is our D doing
NOOOOO
Okay I’m getting tired of these shuttle passes
Defense gotta be gassed
Can we PLEASE stop the run
Ah
Looks like a cramp
Does anyone know HOW tyson hot hurt?
Spy qb.
Heart out to Captain Big Man
Fuck not Heyward
hold them here boys come on FFS
Huge 3rd down right here
What is romo talking about
"Come on defense. It’s all on the line right now, dig deep and get a stop. PLEASE!!!!!"
This game felt like it was lasting forever...now it feels like the end is approaching quickly.
Please :(
"Sheesh... if we don’t stop them on this play, you got to think we are going to let them score a TD to allow our offense a chance, right?"
What happened to Cam?
If they get pass the first down marker then let them score
If they convert this they're going to run it 3 straight times I promise you. They're not trying to leave us with any time left to get a score.
My butthole is clenched firmly shut
LETS GO
HES FUCKING SHORT
LETS GOOOO
LETS GO!!!
Fantastic stop
OMGGGGGG FUCK YEAHHHHHHHHHH
RUNNING WONT AWLAYS WORK
Wooooooooooooooo
Now run that clock
LWTS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO FUCK YOU LAMAR FUCK BALTIMORE  SHIT FUCKING DUMP OF A CITY
HOOOIIIEIEIEBSHAUOAJE
Let's go!!!!
Mink and Bince Mink and Bince Mink and Bince + Bobby Spills on the recovery holy shite
LETS GO
FUCKING CLINCH IT NOW
[deleted]
And Spillane recovers it
AHHHHHHHHHHH
Buggs and Spillane all day. What a great game from both of those guys.
The Defense is tired but they stopped that wave of trash!
AAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Let’s fucking gooooo
did he just pull an Anthony McFarland and trip on himself
That’s pretty cool
LAMAR JACKSON IS ONLY MVP WHEN BEN IS NOT PRESENT
OOOOOOHHHH MAMA
I’ll take the bend...
HERE WE GOOOOOO
Pretty cool
LEEGOOOOO
LETS GOOOO
OH MY GOD
DRIVE DOWN THE FUCKING FIELD
HELL YES!
"was Cam out there?

looks like no"
Lucky they missed that false start on Macdonald
Not over yet
Please offense
Hoooooraahhhhh!
Can we run the clock down?
OH MY GODDDD
Gutsy throw
Of course we cant get the first
A 1st and we win
Ok Jordan need a good one here
FUUUUCK
Sigh
If they win it's only coming from a busted coverage or big lamar run. All D has to do is not have a colossal fuck up. He can't pass on them when they're doing their jobs
My heart can't handle steelers football
Why not have someone at FB there??
How ironic were relying on Berry to help us win this game
Queen can ball
Ooof.
[deleted]
Do not go for it
Here comes the fake!
59 seconds... please!!!
Thank you based Berry
I'm predicting Lamar Jackson throws another INT
WHY WONT WE USE A FB! I know Watt is out but use someone else
Here comes the prevent
I'm not at all confident in our defense right now to not give up big plays last linute against the butterflies
NICE
Interception incoming
What a way to sweat my Steelers ML 😭
Fuck man
"OK 1 STOP DOWN, 3 MORE TO GO"
Tell me that’s not grounding
"Well, Tomlin just caught a fine."
Our 2 minute D is not solid. Fuck
None of this prevent shit
Let them have those
Come on guys
My poor heart!
Another 4th down stop. Here we go
One more
Noooooo
Why would they put Heyward out there if he was hurt.
CMON
This is fucking insane
No time to respond
FUCK
Bad all the way around
How many fucks is too many fucks
Defense falling like flies
NOOOOOOOOOIOOIOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Why were we not in prevent
Not even surprised tbh
5 seconds.
Maybe cover Snead
"Come on, defense, you can collapse all you want after the game."
I still can't.
bal has 265 rush yrds fuck
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
I fucking love these Ravens games. So exciting
One more
PLEASE
GREAT FUCKING DEFENSE
Thank the fucking lord goddamn
Bout time this game is over
Game is over!
FUCK YOU BALTIMORE CITY OF CRIMINALS
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO[
FUCK THWM RAT BIRDS FANS FOR BOING CAM
Unbelievable.
Omg heartattack
LETS GOOOOO
What a game!
STEELERS WIN
holy shit my poor heart
LETS GOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOO
Holy shit
what the fuck
LETS GO 7-0
my heart is still racing
"We get it, Modelo. You want us to vote blue."
Hopefully it’s just drama queen Ben and this isn’t a career ending reinjury
[deleted]
Fucking horse shit fucking piece of shit call fuck these fucking retard refs
"Bad penalty but it was technically a penalty. Don’t want it called? Don’t do it. Obviously it was on Heyward and not Fitzpatrick. Either way, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a less impressive touchdown drive. I still think we are in the driver seat and the ravens have shown me next to nothing on offense. I still don’t like the fact that we folded, even if that were a terrible call. Let’s see. So far, I’m surprise by how Jackson looks so unimpressive.

For those of you who know me, I miss most of last year. Not just football but life. It was months on end in the  hospital so I never got subjected to the Lamar Jackson hype. This is really the first time taking a good look at him and I don’t know what everyone’s talking about yet."
Okay Keith Butler can you stop telling the OLBs to always go after Lamar? They are getting 4-6 yards per rush.
"IF WE HAVE TO PUT RUDOLPH IN I STG


WE SHOULDVE WENT AND GOD JAMEIS"
"Fire Keith Butler, man"
This is fucking pathetic play by this team. They look like they don't deserve to be 6-0. Last week was significant. They're lucky to have won that game and I don't care who here wants to debate it.
Ben's deep ball is horrible imma be honest. Like it's not even in the same area code as these receivers.
21-7 incoming.  Man Ben looks like a guy on the last season of his career.  Last week he looked like he was in his prime.
I’ve been saying to trade for a backup QB but the homers here didn’t want to hear it.
Hayward is stupid. Lamar is like 8 yards from a first down and minkah is pushing him out and here comes Cam body slamming into the pile
Pathetic. Those were gifted points. Should've punted already. Cam better make up for that penalty.
We missed Bush big time that drive. Spillane is so slow
At least our qb isn't as ugly as Lamar Jackson
We’re literally 10 minutes in and these FUCKING RETARDED ASS REFS have already GIFTED the Ravens a touchdown and a fumble recovery.
THANK YOU TUITT
Does Tony Romo ever say anything positive about the Steelers? The dude is a dick
Y’all are crazy LOLOL last time I’m ever coming here. It’s a fucking touchdown? Jesus Christ.
[deleted]
is ben trying to make excuses already
Can the refs at least put some lube on before fucking us????
"I think all of us knew going in we were going to lose, just by how many was the question"
Dobbins should have never gotten out of bounds clock stoppage... if you willfully go backwards to get out... clock runs.
Randy fichtner needs to fucking go. I put this performance on him and Ben.
"So we really are a fraud?

Edit: didn't think I need to put a /s"
That was the worst defense I’ve ever seen us play in the last five years
Just let them score now. Defense will not win the game.
That's why you run on second down fuckkkk
Spillane looked slow as shit but a pick that bad it doesn’t matter
Heyward and the refs really gave it to them gg
How many times are we gonna let Jackson complete passes? He’s a shit passer lmao
Oh we’re fucked
I'd say we're even on ticky tack calls after that PI.
Big Ben is playing like ass so far.
For fuck sake if you need NFL players to tell you to go vote please you're too stupid to vote
By far the most overrated rushing defense in the league. We aren’t good.
So early but I’m so close to turning this off. This is just....so bad
You all forgot about Road Ben. He just plays worse on the road
"If I’m correct, is this the first time we’ve been down this season?"
I’m not having a good time.
It should be 21-7 Baltimore easy maybe we needed a game to get back to reality.
"Literally horrible, unbelievable"
Y’all really saying Ben’s done right now these game threads are obnoxious
embarrassing first half
Haters
Lmfaooo Edmunds got clocked
that replay didn't make Edmunds look too good lol
Romo must be heartbroken.
Shut up romo
"Folks need to shut up complaining about Romo. 
He’s calling the game being played. And he’s one of the best at it. Not his fault Steelers played like ass most of the game."
Lets go for it
hate to say it but pool has fumbled quite a few times just got lucky every other time
Ok...when do we talk about Ben being underwhelming all year...?
Steelers defense is garbage today
"Once upon a midnight dreary we are never weak nor weary

We will choke these jokers with a trochee till their cheeks are teary

But y'all don't hear me all should fear these

We'll forever be better you'll never be near we, your team is as eerie as Beverly Cleary"
HOLY SHIT. Devin bush who 👀
That’s what happens when you have a RB try and throw the ball!!!!!!!
Vince covering Boykin bruh
Linebacker on Boykin?
They needed a bullshit personal foul penalty. Definitely not stressed
Fucking Vince Williams again.
"Idc what y’all say, this is on Hayward right now"
God I hate refball
Classic Flacco. How the turn tables.
"""DPI? i was only holding him a little"""
Fucking hell steelers
Need to stop the penalties. They can't continue and still win the game
I can’t wait until Lamar keeps it on a read option and gets murdered
That’s our league best defense guys
If we don’t pick this up I’m returning all this scrapple and apple butter I bought
All you fair weather fans go away. Its raining and windy today. Dont know how its going to blow but we're here for it
Hey Big Ben. How about expose these motherfuckers and throw long and accurate?
Smh Bens deep throws are just not it this year.
Ben's deep ball looking like ancient history.
Beautiful pickup by Conner. Needed that breathing room for Big Ben to work.
Come on Bennn
I wonder what options there might be next year for QB and then an OC since we wouldn't have to appease the two time.
our poor defense man
Intentional grounding
Man don't put our game in the smaller window to show me a game I've decided not to watch cause I wanna watch this game.
[deleted]
Wtf every pass should go either JuJu or Chase that’s it
Hold 'em for an attempt at three.
Fucking ate a hit there. Go the mink
This is starting to look really bad
I cant believe this is 14-7
Lets see how far Fucktner’s playcalling gets us behind before opening up the playbook gives us a loss where we just run out of time?
"Ok, dial up a quick 3 and out so we can see the D be tired again. Can't wait to see this genius play calling."
I really just hate anytime Romo talks btw... such an anti steeler fuck
Why is there a penalty? It's heated on both sides. Put some warnings out and move on.
Bye Felicia!
EJECTED
We need some hard running
Berry about the have his longest punt right into the endzone
"Great, a false start. Remember when I pointed out this offense couldn’t hang?"
What in the actual fuck is this offense today?
Offense looks like fucking garbage
Ben kinda suck lol
Oh god please no. Don't let Ben be injured. Noooooooo.
If we could get a stop on 3rd down I'd be so happy.
If we don’t score on our opening drive of the 2nd half we’re losing this game (especially if we go 3 and out)
nope.
"Why can’t we get stops? Everyone knows what they’re doing, running the ball. Qb draws, and all that bs. Stack the box and make him throw. He can’t throw the ball...what are we doing? Why is this so frustrating?"
ITS A FINGERTIP INT
Nooo inconplete
Of course not. Why would it be
Don’t do it refs. Don’t you do it.
Incomplete
The way he rolled over and had a perfect one hand grip makes me think it should be an interception. It won't be though.
why tf did we call a timeout
We need the Boat!
What is going on with our run defense today? Could it please show up?
"I understand committing a player to Lamar every play but when it's *that* obvious that he handed the ball off, come on."
They’re moving the ball so easily man
Holy fuck keep him inbounds
"Ok that was a garbage half.  Let's come out and win the second half and we'll see what happens.  We need points, preferably td on opening drive"
"Not sure, but I think this the end of our undefeated season."
refs sus
Lamar Jackson is such a bad QB😂
"Will the second half be different?

The eight ball says... Not likely."
Well at least none of Ben’s passes were that bad
"Lamar is such a shit QB but everyone tries to praise him as a god because he can run the ball

He can’t fucking throw lol"
OuR dEfeNsE sUcKs. Fuck this stupid cry baby sub
BeN iS wAsHeD uP!
God I hate this limbo of thinking if Ben is okay.
Jaylen Samuels really is a waste of reps
Nantz is such a POS
Nicee
"If we don't fumble or throw an interception, it's at least tied, which is more than I expected after the first quarter."
Wait! It’s pronounced F-eek-ner!? I’ve been pronouncing it as F-ick-ner for two years. I feel like such a dick.
"If we win this game, I’ll be happy"
Wooooow! Went to change a diaper and came back to see us in the lead! Hell ya!
Is only our side of the field slick?!
I wish we wouldn't call stupid fucking plays at our own 10
"This is how we blew it to the Titans and Eagles, letting your foot off the gas"
I for one am disappointed we didn’t do a draw play on 3rd and 9.
"Put'em to bed, Buggs!"
Buckle up
"Tuitt has 8 tackles, 3 TFL, and 2 sacks. he's out here trying to be aaron donald and I love it."
WTF
Bruh
Edmunds is the worst S we’ve had in a very long time.
This secondary is full of talent but plays horribly as a unit.
Can we trade Nelson to the browns? That way he'd do the Steelers some good....
"Another busted coverage? Wtf, brown was wide open"
We got VERY fucking lucky
do the steelers know they're allowed to cover the middle of the field?
I don’t trust our offense to do anything
Thank god we have the refs on our side today
"Okay, penalties are really helping our offense haha"
FUCKKKKK JUST PART THE SEAS AND LET THEM GET 7 WE NEED THE CLOCK ON OUR SIDE
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:00 4th|PIT|28|@|24|BAL|
|05:50 4th|LA|17|@|28|MIA|
|00:57 4th|MIN|28|@|22|GB|
|01:53 4th|TEN|20|@|31|CIN|
|15:00 1st|LAC|0|@|0|DEN|
|Sun 11/01 04:25 PM ET|SF|-|@|-|SEA|
|Sun 11/01 04:25 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|CHI|
|Sun 11/01 08:20 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|PHI|
|Mon 11/02 08:15 PM ET|TB|-|@|-|NYG|
|Final|NYJ|9|@|35|KC|
|Final|IND|41|@|21|DET|
|Final|LV|16|@|6|CLE|
|Final|NE|21|@|24|BUF|
|Final|ATL|25|@|17|CAR|"
Holy Shittttt!!! We did it!!!! I’m about to cry dude
OK SO I BASICALLY TURNED OFF THE TV AT HALFTIME AND  DIDNT WATCH AND NOW WE PRETTY MUCH WON. LETS GOOOOOOO
Good game Steelers. What color ribbon would you like with this gift wrapped win?
"So if we don't fumble or throw an INT, the worst that can happen is a safety, giving the ball right back to us?"
You run the ball but you can’t make it so easy to predict where it’s going
Berry due for a shank after some solid balls but let's see if he can pull out some secret kicking magic from down unda
Fake it!
Connor is kinda doodoo
That's way too soft defense right there.
This is why I don't like giving old guys alot of money
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Let's goo!!!!!!
Fuck. Yes.
Easy game
[removed]
Oh ofcourse. I'm playing like shit. Let me rub my elbow and blame it on that.
"Harbaugh is good at proving he's the best coach in the division :(

Hopefully some different team comes out next half."
Minkah blows
At least we’re blowing it now rather than up 27-7
Indisputably the worst secondary in the entire NFL.
Cam going for an Oscar
Wow Ben is garbage bruh
"I don't think the Steelers are an elite team, to be perfectly honest."
How the fuck are these commentators employed. They're fucking justifying the behavior of the Ravens and what he did...well he's just trying to get away from being wrapped up.... (face palm) Not once did they say how it was shitty to come in as the 3rd man and grab the offensive player. Not once did they denounce the play. Just justify the garbage. The NFL is a joke.
This is all on Hayward.
OUR COACHING FUCKING SUCKS WHAT IS THIS GAMEPLAN BRUH?????????
Heyward penalty is really gonna cost us the game
"Only shot 2.6 3s a game, not exactly a big sample size. Also yeah he is limited athletically, he isn't that fast in bursts it's why his defense is a massive issue. He struggles to move from the post to the perimeter. Athleticism isn't just jumping"
Aside from only lucky pick six our defense can’t stop Lama
Defense is going to be gassed soon. Essentially a 4 and out. Otherwise they’ve been on the field 8m so far.
[deleted]
Damn Lamar really is goated... he took that hit like it was nothing. Gotta tip your hat
[deleted]
Ben sucks rn
Question to anyone who thinks this offense is better than the one of the past few years with bell and ab- what are you smoking?
I hope I'm wrong but I think the train stops today guys.
That’s a catch fuck you
[deleted]
Score is honestly favorable to us
Buggs is gonna be the one to sit on burrows leg. Calling it now
"we don’t need a coverage lb right? 

This drive is on heyward"
[deleted]
We should start thinking about drafting a new QB
Bullshit call but the standards for a pick will always be higher than a catch
That was clearly an interception but ok.
Thanks Hayward for that useless body slam. Really helping your team out there
Being thoroughly out coached.
They tell you to vote until they hear who you’re voting for.... we live in a society
Nearly lost to the Titans and playing losing football against the Ravens. Doesn't bode well for a postseason run. Look more like a one and done team against good units.
I honestly don’t know how Butler still is employed
That call is justified. Cam came in too hot. Calm down boys.
Minkah looked like he was out of position. Good play by them unfortunately
Better settle your shit down Cam 😠
Very stupid heyward
"Nice, Vince Williams and spillane burned for big plays.

Thanks keith"
"Wait are you guys really thinking that was a bad late hit call? Jackson wasn’t even moving, I have no clue what Heyward was thinking"
Ben with the Flacco special lol
Straight embarrassing
Bruh Connor playing so shook rn
Man I hope Tony Romo loses his ability to speak
Oof... that'll rustle your jimmies
They are far better them then us to be honest right now
We’re getting ass fucked. This game should be 21-7. Ben needs to pull a drive together and give the defense a break
Cam and DDC costing us 10 pts wtf
This o line is terrible
yeahhh i think we’re toast
And they fucking convert. Awesome.
On god Lamar is just toying with us lol..
Guess I did good starting the ravens defense in fantasy today
[deleted]
Ah those silly Steelers gave me a glimpse of a hope. Those bastards
"Bruh Ben is hot TRASH today

Edit: this did not age well"
Ben has no killer instinct today. It’s over if the Ravens score here.
Stop crying for penalties. Our doofus QB trying to play hero ball throwing the ball 30 yards on third down; probably trying to prove some writer or fan wrong who doubted his arm in the off-season
It's actually dumb how shit our offense is.
This defense fucking sucks. Tackle the motherfucker.
We need Tyson back or some kind of depth. We need a speedy LB and we need to fire Keith butler like yesterday
"I feel like year in and year out, the Ravens always beat us on the ground."
That'll be game. Wow.
[deleted]
[deleted]
We all knew going into this game who the better team was. I’m surprised it’s still this close tbh
Ben's arm has looked sus all season so i'm not sure i'm too surprised. The opposing teams have been mostly ass.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
"If you needed evidence that were not actual contenders, re watch the first half. Running on 3rd and 10 says it fucking all"
Lots of complaints about the refs here- take off the homer glasses. Thar was a good call and a stupid ass move by heyward. We’d expect the penalty If that happened to ben as well.
Jesus christ. Can he hold onto the fucking ball
[deleted]
[deleted]
Lol at Ben taking up 25% of our cap
Fuck. You. Refs.
I guess we were just playing trash teams
"It’s not so much the fact we’re playing like shit that’s pissing home off, it’s the fact that Tomlin, Fichtner and Ben probably all think their game plan IS working and won’t adjust anything in the second half."
Fire Keith butler already for fucks sake. Communication errors are unacceptable
that was def unnecessary roughness idk what u guys r saying...
Well this is about to end the whole damn season
"Earl Thomas is no longer here, lets put Rudolph in"
LOL this D is so overrated
The Ravens are just better than us. Without big plays we won't be them.
"When it comes down to it, only quality team we’ve beaten this year is Cleveland. Tennessee is showing today that they were not nearly as good as the 5-0 start suggested. Cleveland is good, but they are also young and still have a ways to go to be contenders so I’m not hanging my hat on that one too much. 

Don’t get me wrong. I’m not saying we’re shit. But our inability to move the ball on offense is showing me that whatever the record might say, we are not in that KC/Baltimore upper-echelon of the AFC."
"Hi r/steelers! This is [some random american name] with the Voter Project. We're encouraging voters to take charge of their vote and safely and securely cast their ballot early in-person at your city/township's clerk's office or board of election satellite office as soon as possible. You can find your clerk's office at www.vote.pa/early
Early voting ends Tuesday, October 27th at 5:00 PM. 
if you don't want more texts, let us know


----


TEXTING STOP OR MARKING THIS AS SPAM WILL DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!"
[deleted]
The two time needs to retire.
Stfu Antonio Romo you sparkly cow girl fuck
Our defense is so ass man
"outside of the first defensive drive, this has been pretty yikes so far. lol"
Wow we suck today huh
The ravens season died in one quarter lmao
Harbaugh owns Tomlin. I don't know why I keep convincing myself we will beat them.
This team is a joke today man.. fuck
Center of field... minkah Fitzpatrick sucks
Fuck that was a TD
Td
Our defense is pathetic lmao. Flashback to 2017
Lmaoooo fix is in
We fucking suck man
All your down votes can’t take away the fact that Ben hasn’t thrown a ball today like a pro.
[deleted]
Sadly we have Ben for next year as well...
Why did we put a linebacker on a WR?
Why the fuck is vince Williams covering receivers
Ebron with the dropsies again.
Flacco special?!
Compensation maybe
"Ugh. Come on, boys!"
This is the worst Vince Williams has ever played.
I don’t get hype at all when Ben throws a deep ball smh
"C'mon Connor, thought you were getting your Juju back!"
Is Hodges at QB?
Imagine literally giving up on this game by running on 3rd and 10
It ain’t Steelers ravens unless somebody gets carted off 🤷🏼‍♂️
What happened to our vaunted run D?
"Our injuries man,"
"Nice job Haden, diving for the legs. Just wrap up son fuck"
"Yeah so our defense can’t stop the run. That was the ugliest drive against the run I’ve seen all season. Consistent pounding and pounding, and not a response in sight. 

With the offense doing absolutely nothing, something has to drastically change to win this game."
"Wait when did he contact an official?

Ehhhh, I don’t think that was a good call...

Edit: I guess he did, but it wasn’t really on purpose. I thought he shoved him or something."
this offense is miserable
"How about we give Hobbs a shot to
Mix it up with running"
This thread: Haden didn't make that circus catch!? He's washed up! Can't believe they even let him on the field!
I could go either way. He definitely had it gripped in his right hand but the ground was likely a factor in his control.
Where is cam Heyward??
Late hit again?
We look like the cupcake team facing Alabama
This is fucking pitiful I just don’t even know what to say....
You can clearly see the blocks happening for lamar. We just need a half time break to recuperate
"64 yards of offense? Bad

Defense getting worked over foe the most part (164 rush against, 3 third Dow conversions in that drive)? Bad

Only, what, 6 plays in the ravens end? Bad

Where do we draw optimism from?"
Watching Jordan Berry makes me want to kms
I’m happy I started Ebron in fantasy today
Get rid of it Ben
Dammit
Pls Conner don’t fumble
Buggsy yeah
Let’s go Buggsys now let’s get off the field on 3rd down
Lmao. Holy fucking shit defense
Welp goodbye undefeated season
FUCK MONDEAUX
HAHAHAHAHAHAH JUST GIVE THEM 7
TOMLINING 😎
Do they want to win?
[deleted]
Jackson is a monster.
"Three blown coverages gives them the lead. Can't say for sure who was at fault for two of them (Edmunds pretty clearly at fault for the 3rd and 15) but Spillane, Williams, Edmunds, Fitzpatrick, and Sutton need to get things sorted out. 

Hopefully offense can give them a long drive so that they can take a look at it."
Terrible towel is waving high
No one has scored 30 on this defense right? Would be a huge less if they dis
"Jesus, just let em score"
So are they kicking a fg or going for it
Give it to connor
Conner is so soft.
lol a minute left for THIS offense? RIP
Decent field position for Baltimore.
I'm gonna take the ball out of my star QB's hands and have my swiss cheese D win it!
Our defense is fucking useless bro
Ravens will end up with 15 seconds here watch
LETS GO
Great finish to the weekend!
holy. shit.
Make more TikTok clay pool
Could've had a chance to start 14-0 but NFL players like Cameron have to put on their low IQ demonstrations week in and week out.
"They are clearly so much better than us, we dont belong."
This game is lost. You just have that feeling
We expect more from a veteran leader like Heyward.
Why have replay? That right hand has it the whole time.
"God damn, it sure looked like Ben wishes he had just retired...."
the Ravens have a huge coaching advantage on both sides of the ball and HC
I hate to fucking say it but we need to get Kepernick if Ben is out long term
"Being frustrated at their offense

Steelers 🤝 Ravens

(I come in peace)"
anyone still wanna act like this team doesn't look like shit?
Good thing we are trailing at halftime to another really good team before the deadline. We have time to unload the whole team for picks. Seasons over.
[deleted]
Ben isn’t the answer. He looks terrible as usual. But the fans still back him 🤦🏻‍♂️
Claypool hitting the rookie wall now
This WR group can’t hold onto the fucking ball to save their life. Garbage
[deleted]
Oof. Looks like the rats are the far superior team
Tomlin's Steelers defense always ultimately exposed.
[deleted]
Romo is fucking ass.
[deleted]
This team fucking blows
Ugh. Defense letting up too many big plays this season
"Before the Edmunds haters show up? Let’s gamble and put a SS on a WR...1 :1 without any help and the pass rush not quite get there in time.

In short...great pass...TD was earned... good for them.... let’s fucking fight back."
Well I'm About as mad at cam as I've ever been lol he's earned ia pass but that fucked over our advantage so badly.
Fuck CBS in Southern California for NOT airing this game.
Our defense really getting waxed
[removed]
Going about as wellnas expected smfh
That is control.
Doesn't move
Have they changed the rule on DPI challenges or did Tomlin just not want to challenge?
Had to shut off game once the Steelers went 1st and then 3 and out... what happened??
Defense is gassed chasing around this wr acting like a qb and three running backs. Their offense is fucking gimmick bullshit
Just let them score and let’s go 2 minute drill
"I think we should re evaluate this entire organization if we lose this game. Sure, I’ll always bleed yellow, but if we lose to some washed up ravens in our division game we should reconsider this fucking coaching staff and team."
[removed]
Thanks decastro you fat fuck
Ravens have the best secondary in the league. They make a lot of offenses not named Kansas city anemic.
Credit that td to cam heyward
Hope he's out for the game and back for the next
This team simply cannot hang with the Ravens
Is there any chance we can dangle money in front of Dak or are we broke and stuck with the two time and his boy Randy next year too?
Ok we look like the Bengals now
[deleted]
who tf J Balvin???
Absolutely fucking trash defense!
"This defense can’t keep up. Our offense can’t move.

gg, this season is a bust without Bush"
Conner isn’t THE guy.
Tomlin gotta go
Where’s mason
Fuck cam heyward
[deleted]
"Damn a gift, Heyward gotta clean that shit up, Minkah had him wrapped up clean. Refs called it right tho"
This team is garbage
Is Juju worth a new contract?
"Their defense is clearly better than ours. Their offense is clearly better than ours. Their special teams is better. 

This team cannot hang we need to try to rebuild something new"
[deleted]
Yeah this game is pretty much over. Playing like last year’s team on offense.
Let’s re evaluate if Tomlin is a good coach or not if he loses this game. I’m just saying.
[removed]
[deleted]
Cut that Fucking defender who did the late hit. Why is he on our team fuck him I hope he gets Corona
[deleted]
TOMLIN HAS GOT TO GO IF HE LOSES THIS FUCKING GAME I SWEAR TO GOD HES ON THE HOT SEAT
Gifted that win by the refs at the end
[deleted]
""
Those numbers are dropping after this game unfortunately
im watching pregame and they just said the Ravens had the number one defense in the league....who Is lying?
I said another “steel curtain era” is emerging... I hope they keep it up.
I don't need this during no nut november!
One word.... TRUDAT!
"Az checkin in, let's GOOO"
Our secondary needs to improve tbh.
Probably not anymore 😬
Don't post this kind of stuff b4 a game.
The Off is taking a day off so far
""
Are you from the future?
Well done Nathan
Hmmm what do you know
Your buddy should do my bets for me
I don't want to have to take my laptop to my bf's man cave/garage/shop cuz it's raining off and on.
506sports.com has coverage maps.
Nflbite.com
"Hey all - don’t have XM or Sunday Ticket this year, and I gotta work this afternoon.  Is there any way to stream audio of the game through my phone?  I’m in NY, so I don’t know if that’ll be an obstacle or not.  (And TV stations here won’t show the Steelers play because the Bills are on at the same time.)

Go Steelers!"
"I usually go to the steelers website in Chrome, open the page as a desktop page and stream radio through there."
"Go grab yourself the iHeartRadio app and try for a local Pittsburgh broadcast. There’s a few I think.

Edit: nvm sorry iheartradio doesn’t have the rights :,("
Nflbite.com.  stream it
https://www.vipboxtv.se
Steelers app has a radio broadcast
"WYLE in Pittsburgh is great. They broadcast the games. During the week, check out WDVE from Pittsburgh for lots of info and talk on the Steelers thru the whole week. You can get both channels' audio on iHeart Radio. WYLE gives it live and they're a few seconds ahead of the game on tv. For live streaming to watch, I've become fond of sportsurge. I know NFLbite is good, but for some reason I've had issues with it."
[deleted]
""
"When I see things like this, I just like the thought that a Ravens fan actually purchased a Terrible Towel. Like they googled it, put in the credit card info, and clicked order... to get the iconic emblem of their rival."
A good omen for us but it is pretty funny you gotta admit.
""
Ok Ben I am ready. Kick those Ratbirds in the ass.
Not necessary burned on the field...
Chinese knock off jersey
Tubbo
Do it
Yes please
What platform do you recommend to watch the game when it isn’t broadcast locally?
Nflbite.com
I’m using nflbite.com in nyc
Steelers app
sportsurge always seems to work well for us.
""
O-Lines gotta have a big game against Campbell and Ngakoue
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
54 seconds into the game btw.
Offence needs to get going!
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
[deleted]
""
Pretty sure they only get 1 game this weekend (not sure why) but chargers need to be broadcast bc they’re the local team
I missed the pick 6 cause they're not showing a game. It's weird that they aren't showing one of probably a half dozen games that they have on right now.
"The real crime is that this wasn't the Sunday night game, over the raging dumpster fire of an NFC East ""showdown"""
"Because the Rams have a morning game, only that game can be broadcast regardless of network."
Anyone found a way to watch? There's a stream link for VLC in the About of this subreddit but it doesn't work (at least on Android).
No body's gonna mention that shape in east texas? Someone drawing the map got away with some shit
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[removed]
I’d hate a team too if they were the cause of my best receiver I’ll ever play with leaving my team.
Just an announcer talking announcer bullshit. I normally watch the games on mute lmao.
I think Tony Romo is one of the worst NFL analysts out there today.....I try to tune him out
Good thing you weren’t watching Rex Ryan on ESPN Sunday Countdown
We spanked his ass more than the Ravens did back in the day. He's still just a little sore about it
""
Dude has absolutely stepped up in that role. Last week he shut down Henry at the goal line and has this gem today. Next man up.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Hate to see it. Likely a broken ankle
I was making those noises when somebody got hurt and you feel it and my mom came to my room and asked if I'm ok
Sad to see. But there's 100 million reasons that suggest he's gonna be ok regardless
"Speedy?  Fuck that.  Take a nice, slow, long, careful time recovering.  No financial incentive to do anything else.  Already got paid.  The longer he drags it out, the worse it is for the shitbirds.  You don't want to see the injury, but that ship has already sailed.  Now that it's happened, I want to see maximum damage to the franchise as a result."
[removed]
This was worth its own post.
Doesn't look like Ben has any plans on showing up this first half. Guess they're leaving it to Connor today.
Fair enough but it looks like the offense is trying to shake the analytics
""
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I am no expert but why does our defense look so hesitant with trying to stop run today? Why was TJ yelling at Keith?
You have to gameplan to stop Lamar's legs so that will leave gaps open
Alualu has been out since the first drive I think. Teams were averaging barely 1 yard per carry when he was on the field.
"Defense is the only thing functioning today, they can't carry the entire game."
Gassed out
"They're running straight up the gut.  Lamar doesn't even seem to be reading the option, just handing it off up the gut.  Our D is spread out to defend the option.  Raven's are pounding up the middle with Alualu out and a big body on Spillane.  Vince has been scraping outside for most of the 1st half.  I assume he's been aside to take away off tackle and to cap Lamar to the outside.  Bud & TJ are keying Lamar on each run too which also takes them away from pinching inside.

Like Juddysteel says, maybe it's time to crowd the box more with the safeties and risk passes being completed in the seams and also Lamar keeping and taking it wide.

Let's see what adjustments are made, but usually Butler doesn't really do too much adjusting on the fly.  He just wants guys to ""execute"" to solve problems."
We need to come out of half with a long drive for a TD. Bud and Tj need to get back to hit Lamar on every single read option. And we will be right back into the game.
I think the real issue is we need to bring the safeties up more! Lamar doesn’t have the time to throw deep balls. If we bring the Dbacks up then Lamar can’t get rid of it quick allowing more big plays for the Defense!
They're waiting to see if Lamar handed off the ball or kept it.  They need to just attack and trust that the other guys in D will do their job.
It's because you cant sell out on following the running back or Lamar because both can take it for a run so our defense hesitates trying to read which one has the ball. This is why Baltimore won so many games last year - it confuses the hell out of defenses
"Last time a Watt was yelling at his coach, he got fired. Maybe Butler’s gone? /s"
The D-Line is so fatigued. We need Ben to get on and STAY ON!
This is a winnable game still we need to get that offense going I agree we need rhythm
Story of the game is the Raven's D is far.  They're playing really well.  Fitchner needs to make some adjustments.  No defense can be everywhere at once & he just needs to find the soft spot.  Raven's O has adjusted nicely with inside power runs to take over the game against what we were doing.
Tell that to ben who couldnt culminate a dump after eating taco bell right now. Im getting so pissed. Why dont we have a qb spy every fucking play to make sure lamar is on his ass and not 20 yards up field. Sick of this garbage play to your opponent skill shit they are doing. Garbage as shit. Better put something together after halftime.
No shit.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"# #7. Win 7. 7% ABV. It worked this week, but I’m not sure you should chance it next week.

Also how do you prepare your wings?

Edit: not good with formatting but f it."
"That is a solid beer, though"
Bro get your ass to the store now! This is on you and Ben right now.
Bro...
Wtf
If we lose I have to stole the carrots which are obviously unhealthy
We got it done!
"That's one of my favorite beers, and the Steelers won, so I'd say you did OK, friend."
That looks amazing
Is there any update on him?
We are missing him alotalot.
How much money are you making for throwing this game?
"/r/agedlikemilk 

Get your shitty takes outta here ya jagoff"
""
""
ok
Bet they taste better with that W
Turns out... you ate the meal of champions!
[removed]
[removed]
""
"Even if we lose, Spillane has played great so far today."
"Dude a pick six, fumble recovery, forcing incomplete passes, and being there for crucial tackles are just a few of what he’s done today. I’d say this deservedly so!!!"
Bobby Spills with a thriller of a pick six
Spillane gave his heart and soul out there tonight. Dudes got my full respect
Ahhhh he’s not fair!! Spillane Train choo choo
Love watching him play
Spillane is my dad
Why did they use a pic form when he was on the titans practice squad lmao...
Looks like Jesse from Breaking bad but on steroids
Buying a Spillane jersey. Right now. This man stood up and helped secure 7-0. Those were big shoes to fill too.
That's one hell of a neck
Remember everyone cried that he wasn't gonna be good enough and we desperately needed to sign an ILB?
"Imagine the inside duo of Devin Bush and Robert Spillane, no disrespect to Bince, but he's getting older"
"ngl I thought he was a borderline-camp body bum when he first checked in for Bush after he got injured but man am I happy to have been incredibly wrong about that

dude can really ball"
I’ll upvote if we win
Probably the best player on the D today imo
He has played well today. Making the tackle after being beat was huge. He's no D.B. but I'm comfortable with him out there. Let's go Spillane!
Bob Spillane Killer B confirmed.
"The past two games he had one crushing tackle in each, including destroying TN's RB. Today, interception for a TD and a fumble recovery at the end of the game. Keep seeing Mark Madden say something negative about him, not being able to replace Bush. Maybe he isn't replacing him but he's doing a good job filling in for him."
Balled out this game!
Already saving for the Jersey!!
"They showed him on the sidelines with one minute left and he was still talking about the Pick 6 because he said ""I was watching myself on the big screen the whole way in""."
DADDY ROBERT
"Decided I was gonna wait to add a flair until it was a good, good fit. I will now leave this forever"
"Ayo Mark Madden hit Spillane with the ""hes slow amd hes white goodbye""

Eat shitcrow ya jagoff"
That should shut down linebacker trade talks
Lets make it an award party!
PUT SOME RESPECK ON SIR ROB
He’s a cheat code
"Look at that neck, what an absolute chad"
When can I expect a Spillane flair?
"Bush sitting at home like https://imgur.com/gallery/76o5wSJ

Just kidding, but seriously Spillane killed it today. Good for him."
Rob and Minka party 🔥🔥
I always find it fascinating when I pop into the game thread and read about how bad Spillane sucks and he is always 4 steps behind. Sometimes I wonder if I am watching the same game than the opinions in that thread.
I feel like this guy's gonna take Bince's job in two years.
"This may not be a popular take, but Spillane has made more plays in two and a half games than Bush did in the first four games. I really like this guy."
Linebacker
"He’s played very solid, filled some big shoes"
My boyyyyyy
"Mad respect for this guy, left everything on the field."
Ol “Freight Train Spillane” coming in to ruin your day!!! Here we goooooooooo!
I figured Spillane was angling for another first class upgrade with that performance.
ROBOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
BOBBY GOT DANG SPILLS!!!!
"When I first saw this guy on the field in week 1, I thought he would be our new resident ""why is he on the field""-guy, but he has definitely earned his spot and will hopefully be wreaking havoc next to Bush for many years"
"Don't know football, just saw this while scrolling by, but my god the absolute neck gainz on this guy

Absolutely Corey Taylor'd"
He’s been so much better than I anticipated
He looks like one of those symmetrical photos you can take in PhotoBooth.
I’m a wait and see kind of guy. Let him play better teams before I believe in the hype kind of guy. I can officially say I’m a believer now! This man balls out
Watching him play all I glcould see is him wanting to prove he deserves that job. I was pumped.
What will Mark Madden think?
Him stuffing Henry at the goal line is still my favorite play of his.
He’s from my hometown. Nickname is “Robo” (like the cop). Would love to see that carry on.
Let's fucking goo
I’m in!!!!
Stud
"u/PowerfulJellyfish1

Lol"
He has really stepped up. Hopefully Bush is being a good sport about it.
Dude he went OFF today
KINGS IN THE NORTH.
Yes Sirrrrrrrr!!!!!!!
Spillane has killed it for us! Dudes a stud and earned his first class spot. Pick six?! YEA! Big stops? YEA!
Spillane runningbacks all over the field!
Would you think he might make Bince expendable in the offseason? He’s a hell of a lot cheaper and it may allow us to keep Dupree...
Looks like TRT abuse
"He’s a great addition, I hope he gets a long term deal in the offseason"
Kid is working his ass off. Got exposed on a few plays but he has more positive plays than negative and thats all you can ask for
Do you think bush has to worry about his starter spot next year
DUMPTRUCK!!!!!!!
Motherfucker better be *flying* the plane home this week!
Dudes face looks like it’s one side mirrored
Fuck him
[removed]
No we are not playing well
in the ravens subreddit they are saying the opposite lol
Romo is great and hypes teams that play well - he was slobbing us for the Browns annihilation two weeks ago
"“Oh no, the national commentators don’t love the Steelers as much as I do!!!” - This sub every single weekend

Seriously, who the fuck cares? If it bothers you mute your TV and turn on a radio broadcast of it."
No not at all.
[deleted]
""
love homemade Primanti's with kielbasa and hot sauce toss an egg on there hoooo
Your mom the is the MVP that looks tasty af
"Random story, but during the Steelers/Packers Super Bowl, my dad made them but severely overlooked the fries and they were very dry. To this day he brings it up as a disappointment, but I still enjoyed them."
Thanks mom
You must be in California...
Alright I’m jealous of this
""
My bf has always kept his in his toolbox in his garage. Last year mice nibbled at the corner of it. I hope he didn't trash the whole thing and throw it away. One does not simply throw away a Myron Cope Terrible Towel!
[deleted]
""
""
Must be good luck
Goldfinch?
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Talk about making the most out of losing such a big piece of our defense. Spillane is playing so great and I hope to see more splash plays from him in the weeks to come!

Great fucking game today.

I really hope Cam is okay."
ALL ABOARD THE SPILLANE TRANE!!!!
MVP of the game
"Solid backup.

98 better look out next season.

41 and 55 mlb 2021 season."
What about Buggs? Had a really good game today🔥
Bobby spills has steppud up to the challenge
Dude has definitely filled Bushs shoes. He’s been amazing.
Still waiting for an appearance from the morons in the game thread trashing Spillane for being “unathletic” in the first half
BIG DICK VEIN SPILLANE
The Hammer.
He's not as fast as Bush but he isn't slow.
He’s the shit! What’s gonna happen to him with the Williamson acquirement?
You get the call you gotta ball
Cam is okay!!! (Have on great authority...)
"Bush was very meh.  Spillane > Bush, so far."
[deleted]
This is the way!
"Where is Cam? Is he safe...is he alright?

It seems in your unbeaten streak you...killed him. 

No he is alive! I felt it!.....……NNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
Heart attacks are a part of my religion
You're
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Hahahaha beat me to it!! 7 wins to start, 7 trophies at the end of post-season, LET'S FREAKING GOOOOOOOOOO!!!"
"I loved this game. We had blood, grass, mud on our jerseys, that is my team. Grandma is so proud of our fight!!!!"
BUt wE sTiLL HaVEn'T BeAT aNy gOod TeAms!!
"It came at a cost.  

Heal up Heyward!"
will never not upvote this image
"If we continue to win we need that Tomlin headband-converted-facemask in Canton

edit: post win shock poor grammar"
"Fuckin slugfest but we held on and now 7-0! 

Fuck your 4pt underdog vegas"
"so are the ravens a bad team now, or are the steelers finally good?"
I will never get tired of the smug Tomlin face
#E N C R O A C H M E N T
"Rat birds. Shit pigeons. Call ‘em what you want but I call them the Baltimore Football Team. Undeserving of a mascot. 7-0, motha fuckaaassss"
"As a Ravens fan, what a game. Well played Steelers. Too many mistakes on our end. 

See you on thanksgiving ."
I failed no nut November to this game
"Another heart attack, but its another WIN
LET'S GO STEELERS!!"
Someone called them Bitch Pigeons the other day and I've stuck with it since.
"These last two weeks have taken years off me. My heart rate hit 200 during Baltimore’s final drive. 

Totally okay with it."
"After Ebron TD I saw Lamar beat his chest like I’m here don’t worry boys.... I said to myself we are gonna win this shit. Now we have to face all the good teams around since apparently we have only played crap 

But damn Heyward at the end"
Crazy game.  Hats off to the coaching staff for the halftime adjustments.
Lamar sees this face before he gets sacked by our front seven.
Last week we badly outplayed Tennessee and turnovers almost killed us. This week we get badly outplayed and turnovers bailed us out. You could tell Baltimore was coming off a bye week ready to play.
"i see the photo, i upvote and go about my day"
"Today is a good day.

Though the offence left serious questions and almost gave it up that last drive. Defence did really well considering the firepower the Ravens have is pretty stacked. 

Get a first down, ice the game. Fail to do this, see the ball back in Ravens hands I mean wtf guys that was sloppy af. 

Nevertheless, the team showed immense resolve to come back from behind on the road to snag the win. Takes guts to tough it out, and with them it's always a slog but the wins are so much sweeter for it. Kings of the North, 7-0 onto the next one."
Yeah but no respect  next week for rankings. Probably still #3 because they will  excuses like they allowed the Ravens to rush so much or they allowed two big passes or whatever.
I will never not upvote this picture
Dear God I hope you guys win the super bowl
This picture has never not made me laugh
Like the one good thing about 2020
tHeY hAVen’T BeAT aNyOnE GoOD
I am still scared of KC.
Based.
"*Shakes Ativan bottle*

Running low..."
Been wearing this face since the end of the game. Wife kicked me out of the house because I'm so happy. Fuck the rat birds!
I'll allow it
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
Literally came here for this
"While is was not pretty. It doesn't have to be. In the NFL, one thing matters..wins. the Steelers have had 7 opportunities, and they have 7 wins. PERIOD. I'll take 'em any way we get 'em.

A wins is a WIN. 7-0."
"Raven's complaining about penalties, which I don't understand. There may have been 1 or 2 bad PI calls but they were iffy. Other than that, I didn't see any other sketchy calls. Thoughts?"
STAIRWAY TO SEVEN
All this after a bye week. Well done win on the road.
I swear to Christ this picture never gets old
Ravens did amazing and would’ve beat the Steelers if Lamar Jackson didn’t throw so many damn pics
"Ratbirds isn't a good nickname, change my mind."
""
Ravens? Ass.
[Reference for those who are successfully able to avoid raven's social media department](https://static.clubs.nfl.com/image/private/t_editorial_landscape_12_desktop/ravens/t5u7qhizxpvvmgdldbtg)
BIG TRUSS
Big Luss
I was told there would be stunting and hoes
[removed]
Fuck the ratbirds
The Ratbirds changed Cameron Heyward’s wiki they were so sad
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Steelers were always going to get charged that timeout. Utterly disgusting and the fans at the game should be ashamed.
"They're Ratbirds fans, what do you expect?"
"I said, ""are they really BOOing and injured player?? How New England of them."""
He hurt his knee on the last series so it’s not a surprise that that same knee is still hurt.
To be expected in baltimore. Fans are classless at best.
Classless Baltimore
It seemed like it was a small amount compared to how loud they were earlier. You’ll have those fans but it I’ll give Baltimore the benefit of the doubt
Literally saved the Ravens ~2 seconds idk why they were mad
It's Kevin Durant all over again.
"Worst part is he would have been doing them a favor by faking an injury. Steelers wanted the clock to run. Or, you know, Tomlin could've called timeout. It's not like we were losing and out of timeouts.

Not just bad form, but terrible understanding of the rules and strategy of football. I would hope such a limited crowd would filter out the casual fans with low football IQ."
"1) There are classless fans in every fanbase. Yinzers do stupid shit every year too. I agree it is classless (if it was targeted at Cam) tho. 

2) I can understand the rational of an emotional fan in a tense game booing when players fake injuries to take advantage of the clock all of the time in professional sports. Some are even taught to do it. That wasn’t the case here obviously, but audiences get way less info in the stadium than we do at home. They might not have realized he was struggling before."
I got downvoted in the /r/nfl thread for making this exact comment 😁
They thought he was faking to slow down the tempo. I guarantee that boo happens in every NFL stadium.
"tbf I think that they thought he was pulling some bullshit to mess with the clock, as NFL teams have been guilty of in the past.  I don't think they were booing him because he was Cam Heyward, injured Steeler.  But I could be wrong."
Shithole fanbase for a shithole franchise.
They probably wanted the refs to call offsides for him being behind the line when Baltimore snapped.  'Should have been a 5 yd penalty and free walk into the endzone!'
"Ah, they stopped once they realized he was hurt and not gassed/pretending."
"Like I commented earlier about what I heard on the radio, ""A flock of crows is called a murder. A flock of ravens is called an unkindness."" That was definitely an unkindness on that flock of Ravens fans."
They thought he was momentum stopping.
I’m assuming they were blaming the refs for the decision to not add time on the clock and the refs not taking so long.
"They could have been upset that he ruined the momentum they had just gained, still no reason to boom him as he is being helped off the field by two teammates"
Shitbird fans do it best
"It’s Baltimore, one time a guy was snorting meth in the stands"
Faking is not something Cam would do and it did them a favor - gave them a time out and an additional 40 seconds to pick a play
"It was classless, and clearly he wasn’t faking to disrupt their rhythm. The Steelers had nothing to gain from spending a timeout there when they want the Ravens to have less time on the clock and one less down. And we would rather have Cam on the field for that last play than his backup every time."
"I think this is an overreaction. Fans at the game don't have the same information as the TV viewers. I don't think they were booing him because he was injured/faking. There are a number of reasons they could be booing because they didn't know what was going on. Once a few start booing, everybody does, even if they don't know what they are booing for.

We won. Who cares."
Wouldnt expect less from the ratbirds aka shitbirds.
[removed]
[removed]
""
"Ha, at first I thought the 0 was a roll of tp."
See ya on thanksgiving for seconds ratbirds!
The amount of rat bird fans complaing about the refs is so funny. Maybe if Lamar could trow the ball then those calls wouldn't of been so consequential.
""
Lol not a chance. There a few bad calls each way. Worst call I saw was the 15 yardunnecessary roughness on Minkah in the first quarter. Jackson was inbounds with no whistle and Heyward pushed him and Jackson out of bounds. I have no clue how they called #39 for a penalty. That was on a 3rd down stop to keep the drive alive.
"Bitch Pigeons just couldn't cover Claypool. If they didn't take those PIs, they were all going further lol"
Does anybody have the clip of Lamar Jackson missing a wide open Mark Andrews by a mile in the 4th?? Imma need that for future petty endeavors
"I mean, if the ravens weren't horny for committing pass interference, then it would have been out receivers that bailed us out"
https://imgur.com/a/kTOfuB5
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[removed]
""
Now they get a shitty team next week. That’s it’s own challenge
"I loved The Last Dance so much. It was just Jordan being like, this random ass dude slighted me, so I decided that we would win."
LETS FUCKING GO
This might be one of the biggest wins in the past few years because it tucks the division safely away (for the time being) and puts us in the playoffs drivers seat (which I don't remember the last time we occupied late in season).
"It's just the Giants

It's just the Broncos

It's just the Texans

It's just the Eagles

It's just the Browns

It's just the Titans

It's just the Ravens <-- we are here

It's just the Cowboys

It's just the Bengals

It's just the Jaguars

It's just the Ravens again

It's just the *Redskins

It's just the Bills

It's just the Bengals again

It's just the Colts


It's just the Browns again

It's just the lowest-seeded team in the AFC playoffs

It's just a team in the AFCCG that lucked out into being there

Their undefeated season has an asterisk and they didn't play anyone good all year"
It's been the shitty teams what has always been the pain.  Fortunately we survived the Giants on week 1.
Who’s the good team we beat?
Ravens did amazing and would’ve beat the Steelers if Lamar Jackson didn’t throw so many damn pics
[deleted]
Didn’t get to see the game because I live in CA but FOOOK YEAHHHH
Charlie? What u doing in muh Steelers reddit?
CHARLIE IN THE STEELERS SUBREDDIT!  LETS GO
[removed]
""
Haha! Had me in the first...not gonna lie!
These are amazing
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
...we should sign that Lamar kid from baltimore. Looks like a good RB and could also come in for some gadget plays.
He has a high fumble risk tho
“Not bad for a running back.” 😂😂
looks like hes droppin the ball a lot....
"Remember Le'veon wanting to get paid like a wide receiver? With this guy's rushing numbers, he'll probably want to get paid like a quarterback."
[deleted]
Straight cheesin 😭😂
[deleted]
Must be nice to have good dental coverage.
"Saw that!

🤘🤘🤘"
If theres any reason to wanna be rich just look at those teeth
😁😁😁😁😁
He has good teeth.
Go Steelers  !!
When you realize Lamar is going to run it with 8 seconds left.
Ravens did amazing and would’ve beat the Steelers if Lamar Jackson didn’t throw so many damn pics
This clown gave up some massive plays over the middle today. Fooled and third and fourteen and second and twenty two. By Willie fucking snead.
""
"HAIL TO THE KING, BABY!!!"
"Ah, king of the North"
Yes.
"ARISE

Duke of Ellington

Count of Basie

Earl of Hines

Cab of Calloway"
"Yes, *now* it is appropriate to celebrate being first in the North.  2-game lead (half games don't matter with a head-to-head left to play) with @Bal in the bag as a win feels like much less hubris than posting it last week."
Of course. This should be posted after every win over the Ravens
"I know we’re undefeated and all but idk how much more my heart can take watching them in the last 5 seconds of a game, that’s the third near heart attack ive had this season."
"""You're sposed to be able to feel your heartbeat in your spine, right?"""
"Yeah, me and the Old Man say the same... we need shock paddles installed downstairs! 😂😂😂"
"Before the game I was 24 years younger than my father, now we look the same age. That's what this team is doing to me this season. My beard is turning gray and my widows peak is getting worse every week."
I am still trying to find my heart in my stomach as we speak.
It’s so exciting and I love every second of it.
third?? dude ive had a near heart attack for every game expect the blowout
"I have a wheelchair I sit in. I don't need it...my bf's son found it in the trash. I sit in it out in the garage with my bf to watch the games cuz it's comfy. Today, I thought I was really gonna need it!!  Lordy...at least it was easy to wheel over the the fridge! LOL"
If I can put up with covid risk for seven months I can put up with three hours a week of Steelers-induced heart palpitations.
""
"I will say it until he truly proves me wrong. If you make him throw it, they will lose. He's an incredibly gifted athlete, but the guy cannot win with his arm. The Chargers and Titans have proven this in the playoffs; the Chiefs have shown this in the regular season. If he becomes a better passer, he can be great. Until then, he will win some regular season games, but he won't get far in January."
"Mr. Jackson is a great athlete and a true sportsman. A good person of character. I really admire this kid. I'm happy the Steelers have figured out how to beat him. If he stays healthy, he's going to get better as a passer and that will be bad news for the AFC. Right now, he's trying to do it all himself, and the coaches are letting him do that because he's an amazing talent."
BIG TRUZZ
"“The Steelers haven’t beaten anyone good”

*beats undefeated titans*

*beats Ravens IN Baltimore*"
"Had the game in his hands at the end.


Twice!"
It WaS tHe ReFs
BIG TRUSS
Butter fingers 🧈🧈🧈🧈✋🏻✋🏻✋🏻✋🏻
""
"Ah man!!!!

Felt like a playoff game in the 2nd half... excellent battle.

I got the potatoes... 😏"
"GG, prayers up to the big bopper Ronnie Stanley"
Great game man can’t wait to see y’all again in a few weeks!
"I can wait to see you again, I dont need another heart attack"
We ain't miss on the King
It’s all in the game baby
It's not a Steelers v Ravens game if it doesn't come down to The Wire.
This is actually pretty damn funny
Best rivalry in football and it isn't Steelers vs Ravens if it doesn't come down to the wire. See you in a few weeks.
""
""
"People in this sub were saying we were lucky if we'd win one game.. Fake fans I tell ya. Idc if these games were close, we played mostly consistent football since the beginning of the season."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Damn haha I kinda liked those videos. Glad that he has no reason to make them though haha
His videos were lame. Just said topical things in a funny voice. Days of our Steelers was the only good thing because he was a fan.
"Hello r/steelers

Here is the link for the week 9 Reddit NFL picks. The top 10 from this week and the link for next week will be announced on Wednesday. No more picks can be made after 10:00 pm on Saturday night. Good Luck!

[*https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbru1ZL1x28cxRnsyi0EggDoC5q84ALs0sxGH-x6pFPprw8A/viewform?usp=sf\_link*](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbru1ZL1x28cxRnsyi0EggDoC5q84ALs0sxGH-x6pFPprw8A/viewform?usp=sf_link)"
"Hello everyone,

The week 9 leaderboard is out. I will post the week 10 link on Tuesday or Wednesday. Go to [*https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home*](https://sites.google.com/view/redditnflpicks/home)

to see everything."
"Cooper Rush & Garrett Gilbert do not instill a lot of fear. That being said I was at Hines Field week 14 / December 8, 2002 vs. the Houston Texans when we lost 24-6. I will carry that emotional scarring with me forever.  2 pick sixes and a fumble scoop & score.  Texans had 47 total yards.  The Stillers had 422.  We need to take care of the ball. If we do not beat ourselves we go 8-0 for the first time in Stillers history."
"Report today is that Ezekiel Elliot is pussing out of practice.  He'll probably half ass it on Sunday too.  That's why the Cowboys ALWAYS suck under expectations.  They're a bunch of soft front running bitches.  Jerry Jones does not know how to create a winning atmosphere.  He thinks it's all about him and what he can buy, who he can sweet talk, who he can bully, who he can blame.  Jerry confusing himself with what Jimmy Johnson was able to accomplish for him is the biggest joke in the NFL."
Valid concern. It’s the nfl. Not college. Level playing field. Salary cap etc. that said. It would take some monumental fluke occurrences. There is a reason why 13.5 underdogs don’t win straight up very often. I expect them to cover and win by 20. But it’s not hard to envision a garbage td ruining them spread.
Yeah but we have Ben at QB now and an elite defense
"Haven’t won in Dallas since 2004
Lost a Super Bowl in this stadium 
Head coach is guy who beat us
+underperforming against shit teams in recent years
If we want to be elite and be looked and taken as super bowl contenders we have to dominate this game"
Glad I'm not the only one VERY worried about this game and the Steelers habits of playing down to bad opponents
""
"So does that mean that cam is playing then?

Edit: and what about Buggs?"
"If Vance got the covid from the ravens ima be pissed.

Damn bat eating ratbirds..."
"On the bright side, this is the perfect week for anyone to be missing. As much as we suck against historically bad teams this feels beyond impossible to lose."
If Vance is out it means I get to see some action from my hometown dude Zach Gentry
I'll be happy if Buggs can play. Would really not want to see Mondeaux out there full time.
These are all HUGE guys...damn.
I hope we can essentially treat this as a week we can rest our injured guys. Playing the nfc east is huge for us this year since we had our bye week way too early
"Perfectly fine with this. No disrespect to the cowboys (not really), but we should beat them handily without these two. Need those two for the second half stretch so get healthy"
I'll be surprised if Mike Hilton plays
""
[deleted]
""
"My brother said before the draft that we would take Watt and I was like ""nah, he is just a name. There is no way he can be anywhere as good as his brother, we won't take him""

Never been so happy to be wrong in my life."
Taco Charlton 🤣🤣
I don't know if I'm happier he's a Steeler or that he's not a Cowboy lol
"I was kinda hoping we’d draft an actually good corner that year, but I was still satisfied with Watt at the time and excited for his potential. Now he’s an irreplaceable star on this team, and a very close second place for my favorite player on the team behind Minkah."
""
Can you shop a mask on there too the man has paid enough
"Uh oh, King George III lost in the end though. If the Steelers don't win the Super Bowl this year I blame you."
[deleted]
"No wonder they ain't finished counting yet, fuckers eating a whole banquet 🤣🤣🤣. Hope the other states give the counters food aswell."
That’s cool!!
Superrrrr late repost.
"So I live like 2 miles away from AT&T Stadium in Arlington, TX and regardless of how their season is going, Cowboys fans are still talking like they’re gonna blow us out this Sunday and they’re still the best team in the league (I mean, what’s new?) Anyway, I really hope this isn’t one of those trap games and we shut them up even before the first quarter ends!"
"Howdy! I'm a Pittsburgh native living in San Antonio and a few of my coworkers are already trying to place no-money bets with the Cowboys victory...  

But you know...8 - 0 coming."
"I live in Baltimore, trust me it’s not fun loving the Steelers here."
I live in DFW and all my coworkers are saying the Cowboys are going to get worked and if it’s bad enough they are going to stop watching at halftime.
I live in FW & I haven’t heard a single Cowboys fan that is confident heading into Sunday.
"I feel your pain, I am just down the road in Fort Worth. I hear the same things."
If any 2 fans are interested in going to the game and sitting in the boonies please PM me it is cheaper to buy tickets in packs of 4.
"Eh look up cowboys forum on google. Most are saying we are gonna blow them out.

Yeah the diehards in person are just trying to convince themselves I don’t know lol"
[deleted]
""
"Does he really have a 99 carrying rating in Madden? Christ, I'm glad I didn't get it this year."
Have you guys noticed that these young QBs refuse to be sacked and will try stupid things to do so?
This is actually kinda funny.  Jackson really stunk up the joint last weekend.
"The more I think about it the more I think the Steelers defense won the game.  Everyone was talking about how LJ gave us the game, but if the Steelers didn’t have their defensive presence he wouldn’t make the mistakes.  

The Steeler’s defense capitalized on QB and offensive flaws to help us get the W.   So, the Steelers D won the game for us."
"Reminds me of a tweet I saw with video. The text of the tweet was Baker Mayfield's stats with a bunch of flame emojis, the stats were awful, and the video was him dancing in the endzone and the audio was clown music lmao"
Lamar Jackson DPOY it's not even close
Someone post this in r/ravens
Madden curse strikes again?
Lamar is really really good at avoiding big hits. Besides the tuitt sack his biggest pop was running into his own guys ass.
Man he was really bad last week
Lamar woke up feeling dangerous 😳😳😳😳
Bahahahah
I live in Baltimore. It was GLORIOUS out at the bar for this one.
u/savethisvideo
u/vredditdownloader
Song name?
Represent
That man is clutch
Now set it to Yackety Sax :)
The Madden Curse is alive and well.
I love Lamar but are defense is better
***Quality Shitpost***
They should try a punter or wideout at QB. You never know...
Man this is such a massive roast I love it
Stop they’re already dead!
Bro Steelers fan here! Idc what anyone says Lamar is a quality Qb I have always believed that. Why all the bashing?
"Killin it. Here we go!

(Great edit)"
It didn't take the league long to figure the ol' cro-magnon man out.
"I've seriously never seen fans puff their chest after win like this before, my God lol. Get y'alls shit off though. I'm nowhere near being a Ravens fan either."
"I obviously know that AB isn’t on the Steelers any more but he will probably always be mostly known for being a Steeler- that’s why I’m posting here.

Anyway, what do you guys think of AB’s legacy as a receiver? Personally, I think he deserves more credit than he gets. I’m pretty confident in my opinion that he is one of the greatest receivers of all time. Is he THE greatest of all time? Probably not, but the argument that he is isn’t that crazy. Is he the best in the last 20 years? Now, we’re talking. I know this opinion is unpopular but I think AB is/was the best receiver of the 2000s but either way, I think he should be listed in everyone’s top 5. But, for some reason, people don’t give AB the credit he deserves when ranking receivers. 

People forget how dominant AB was and the fact that he virtually showed up every single game. Since 2013, when he started to play like the real dominant receiver he’s known for, there were only two seasons where he didn’t average over 100 receiving yards per game started (obviously, not including 2019 and this year). Brown also has the most consecutive 100 reception seasons with 6- the next most is 4. I’m willing to bet there are other stats that show how dominant and consistent AB was but that’s all I got right now. In the end, I don’t even think someone can rate AB based off of his stats; they need to have watched him (even highlights will do) in order to realize how dominant of a receiver was.

Meanwhile, it seems like most NFL fans can’t hide their boner for Julio Jones nowadays. I’m not even confident that Jones is the best receiver right now. Don’t get me wrong, he’s an elite receiver but he’s still overrated. I think most people would disagree, but I think AB was better than Jones (when AB still played for the Steelers) because he was much more dominant and much more consistent at the time. On the other hand, Julio Jones was struggling to score during some seasons. But I don’t know, maybe it actually turns out that I have a boner over AB.

So, I guess my question is: where do you rank AB on the “best receivers of all time” list? Let’s go from there.

TL;DR: AB is much better than what he gets credit for, even though most people agree that he was a great receiver."
"If he didn’t go batshit crazy and fully played out his career, I truly believe that he would’ve been considered at least top 3 all-time. And idc what anyone says, AB was always better then Julio."
i hate him lmao but he was on pace to break all types of records but it also has to do with ben throwing the ball i don’t think ben gets a lot of credit for what he’s done imo
I don’t believe this is a hot take at all.  I thought he was considered a top 5 all time receiver and best of his generation - though Hopkins and Julio aren’t far behind.
"I want to say yes but I think he needs a few more years to considered one of the best. Also just a side not, he has never ever played with a bad quarterback. That is not saying he isn’t an unbelievable talent I am just making a point."
AB is by far and away the best offensive skill position player that I have ever seen on the Steelers in my 26 year Steelers fandom. A team whose storied history has 9 offensive Hall of Famers
I can't wait to beat TB in the super bowl and watch TB and AB fight. It's going to be magical
No.  Fuck AB.
""
I fucking love coach
"Looks like this is mostly from the sb xliii season, and damn what a good season that was. chills watching coach and woodley mic’d up for that last defensive play"
"We take this man for granted a lot of the time. What a special person we have in Mike Tomlin, and with how young he is we could realistically have him another 20 years. Just so much passion every game"
I’d go to war for this man
So many good ones in there. Thank you coach T!
""
Roethlisberger's arm looked pretty good on that TD pass...
"> offensive coordinator Randy Fichtner took a different approach

You mean Ben telling him to fuck off while he worked his magic"
[deleted]
Our new QB coach seems to be bringing a lot to the table.  All those jet sweep/misdirection runs are helping immensely.
"This is where experience matters, amiright? Brady, Manning, Big Ben, etc - give 'em the reigns and let them read and react to what they're seeing on the field."
"You better put some respect on ""three screen passes in a row then punt"" Randy's name"
Don't forget to give him credit for the fabled 3rd and long rush
[deleted]
"So blurry, you should have said you painted it"
/r/PraiseTheCameraMan
At first I was upset this even had 20 upvotes because it’s so terrible.  Now I kind of hope it gets upvoted to the top of all time because it’s so terrible.
Here we go
AAAAAHHH SHE'S A BEAUTY
"Slow dahn, will yinz!"
Good luck!
I think you’re cut off 🍺🍺🍺🍺
We could have just googled it.
Amazing painting!!
[deleted]
""
""
Thank You
Art Rooney gives off Italian mob vibes and I love it
"When it says video unavailable, click Watch on YouTube."
""
I would love to know why the mods in /r/nfl deleted this
But what did he feed them?
[I had a feeling minkah had a part of it. What a classy guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jo8l85/steelers_buy_dinner_for_local_ballotcounting_site/gb8kzbj?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
"Doing Christmas shopping, but I am living in the Cleveland area. Converting my Brownie girlfriend into a Steelers fan. I know— God’s work honestly. Looking to buy quality Steeler Jerseys for a lower price.

Anyone have any good suggestions on where to buy online? Links appreciated."
"As a Canadian, I would also like to know. We seriously have the shittiest selection for NFL merch. Where I live (Winnipeg) we have Lids aka Jersey city , and they only have two players per team for jersey's, a few crappy non-Nike shirts, and like 1 style of sweater. Then there's another sports store, but it's legitimate 95% NHL shit. NFL shop Canada sucks too. 

I could order from the US version, but then I'm paying $240 for a jersey that's otherwise only $149. So damn frustrating."
"People gonna hate, but I’ve bought multiple jerseys off of DHGATE for like 20-30 bucks max and the quality is decent. It’s 100% not on field quality, but unless you are a jersey snob who cares for the price. Just make sure the seller is reliable. I can provide pics if needed just DM me

Only downside is they are from China so you gotta wait a month or 2 for the jersey to arrive"
Somewhat related - anyone have any good tips getting classic player jerseys? I really want a Casey Hampton but they’re impossible to find.
"http://www.steelersedgeonline.com/6-pittsburgh-steelers

I stumbled across the website searching for a Ryan Clark Jersey. I haven’t pulled the trigger yet but I will soon. Kinda the same prices but more options. 

If you want cheap you can try DHGate. I have heard mixed reviews but jerseys are like $30 so I suppose you get what you pay for like most things. I hope this helps and bless you for converting your girlfriend"
Ive bought 2 jerseys off this website they look pretty legit pretty happy with what i got. Ive ordered a big ben color rush and tj watt jersey. Www.steelersplayersshop.com hope this helps.
"My best friend sells them cheap, good quality, look him up on Facebook Brian Burden. He has some on hand I believe"
""
TIL playing football is illegal.
"I don't think this is an actual news item, but even if it is, that hit was worth way more than the sticker price, and his heavier-salaried teammates (or probably ownership) would never let him pay a cent of this on his own."
I thought his shoulder was enough payment
"The “article” cites dale lolley as a source, but the link is dead, and when I went on his Twitter I find no mention of this anywhere. I also can’t find any mention of this when I had a quick google just now. 

Seems like misinformation to me."
Reputable source?  I am not seeing this anywhere else.
For what? That’s the real question.
This has to be Fake News
"The article doesn't really say anything more except he was fined $4,000"
Sounds like fake news. Q is a steeler fan!
Did he forget to say sorry?
"So the NFL is just on a fine the Steelers spree huh? Back on top and here they go with the bullshit again. Hopefully this is fake tho, as the comments are saying. That was a clean hit"
Are you fucking kidding me?!?!
That’s some bullshit
From that vantage point it looks shoulder to body. How is that illegal
"Come on really, it was just two good football players trying to make a play. Seriously, I bet Henry’s agent complained to the league about this BS..."
Holy crap I'm excited to see us play on Thanksgiving. This is going to my favorite holiday of 2020!
Cooked ratbird is not a substitute for turkey!!
I’m naming my turkey Lamar in respect of this game
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Well boys I'm headed to Dallas (though technically Fort Worth) this Sunday. I know every single bar in Dallas will be airing our game. As much as I'd love to see some Texas tears up close, I'd much rather twirl some Terrible Towels in the company of the black and gold this week. Let me know if you know any good bars in the area."
"This is what I always do...use Yelp and search for ‘Steelers’ in the city you want. Then within those results, search for Steelers in the reviews. Sometimes you’ll find if people claim it as a Steelers bar. 

[Woody’s Tavern](https://yelp.to/ajVzHPTYcbb) looks like it might be promising."
Woodys and Flips are the two Steelers bars in Fort Worth. There are also two Fort Worth Steelers clubs and they both have Facebook pages with more details.
"Former Keller resident, Flip’s off 35W becomes a huuuuuge Steelers bar for games. Watched our Thursday night beat down of the Titans there a few years ago"
"I figured everyone would say either the Bengals, Ravens, or Browns if I just asked for their least favorite team. I’m curious to see what other teams we dislike."
Patriots.  Their fans are insufferable.  Many of them say “I’m not following football this year” cause they are losing.
"I actually don't hate the Ravens tbh. They're a respectable organization. 

Outside of the division though? Probably the Patriots. Not only cause of Brady but their fanbase is the most insufferable bunch ever."
Dallas sucks
Just wherever t\*m br\*dy is.
"Besides the Patriots who have fizzled since Brady left, I’d say the Cowboys. Super Bowl XXX was my first football memory. And I know a guy in my legacy fantasy league that is a diehard Cowboys fan and he’s my nemesis. So the Cowboys"
"Being a Steelers fan in New England makes it easy, I hate the Patriots with the passion of 1000 suns"
I still have a sore spot from when Green Bay beat Pittsburgh in the super bowl.
"New England is the only correct answer, here"
Always hated the Broncos
"Any team that calls themselves ""America's Team."""
"Bears, i was 17 when I went to the game we lost in chicago and got spat on by a bears fan and since then I fkn hate the bears"
Houston Oilers
"
Chiefs. I went to the playoff game where we won off Boswell kicking field goals and the fans were so nasty, the worst I’ve encountered"
"I’ve disliked the saints for a few years now, seem like such a cocky team and then Cameron Jordan’s comments on Ben sealed it"
Seattle
I’m starting to really dislike the Titans. There fans are awful..
How is no one mentioned jacksonville? Fuck those cunts.
"Seahawks. 

I live in Seattle and their fair weathered fans who know nothing about football but act like every year they’re the best team in the history of the NFL and if they don’t win a Super Bowl it’s cuz of some outside factor, never their fault FUCK I HATE THEN"
"Pats... but Veterans Stadium had their own judge in the basement, so... 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️"
Patriots. Double patriots because I live two towns north of Foxborough.
Dallas or New England.
The cowboys. Mostly cause of the fan base in my area
"Ravens since I live in Baltimore, but since you said outside the division I would have to say Cowboys"
Hate the Ravens with every ounce of my being...outside the Division I would have to say the Seahawks...their fans are the most ignorant and obnoxious group of morons I’ve encountered
Patriots
"1. Patriots
2. Cowboys
3. Packers"
"Cowboys and patriots.

Fuck the cowboys.

Fuck the patriots.

I respect the cowboys.

I respect the patriots.

But fuck the cowboys

And fuck the patriots"
Packers. Rodgers is a smug asshole with a super punchable face
Eagles.
All the teams.
Patriots no doubt.  Honourable mention to the Cowboys
Pats
F DA PATRIOTS
"New England, Dallas, and currently the buccaneers. Wherever the bandwagoners go that stop watching the games when the teams get bad. I hate those fan bases"
I’d personally say the Eagles. Some Philly fans are super obnoxious plus I don’t like their Head Coach at all.
Patriots and cowboys
""
Also a cameo from the greatest Steeler QB ever
upcoming boomers ready to attack him for not working out right now
""
It’s a whole new experience with that song on
It's so much fun seeing them in person!!  My first game at Heinz field was also against the Bengals. I had not known the significance of Renegade to the team until then.
Castine Represent
This is amazing!!! I live in the UK and am determined to see the Steelers play. I love this video!!! X
Awesome vid! Repping Bangor area here
Have they been doing renegade in the stadium this year with the small percentage of fans?
I’m literally like 20 rows below you in this video. It was an awesome game!
Goals! Live in Indiana and haven’t been to Pittsburgh yet. Someday :))
I was at that game! Two rows from the field! It was INCREDIBLE!!
I still need to see my first Steelers game in person. I was planning on going this year until everything went to shit.
Goosebumps. Without fail every time.
Isn’t that Heinz stadium?? Lucky bastard.
I’m from Hawaii and I go to a game every year
I sat in almost the exact same seat for my dads birthday!
[deleted]
""
John Conner?  Terminator 2 was an epic movie.
More like Dan showing how much he knows about football again.
"Same dude who ran out of the back of the end zone without knowing it. I don’t see why ESPN lets him break down tape, dude doesn’t even have the awareness to know where the sidelines are."
"The Jets had a FB named John Conner (unsurpisingly aka ""The Terminator"") when Dan was playing.  He's probably having 'Nam style flashbacks."
#COME WITH ME IF YOU WANT TO WIN
"I heard some analyst call Ben ""Roethlisbunger"""
He's on pats show sometimes and I think he has the worst takes while being the biggest douche of all tv.
""
Coach T is one of the funniest coaches behind that serious persona for the media
[deleted]
"""We don't deal with point spreads and things of that nature"""
""
this is the way
This will be one of the first times I'll really be mad if it's close. People tend to forget that bad teams are professionals and can compete any Sunday. But the Cowboys are not a bad team. The Coyboys are HOT GARBAGE AND AN EMBARRASSMENT (Stephen A voice).
Hmmm... Nah... we would definitely let it get to 28-20... but then Dallas would give up a strip sack or pick... we go up 35-20 and then the game runs out.
"I feel like this is gonna be reverse. Steelers trail 24-10 start of the 3rd, cut it to 24-20 5 minutes to go in 4th, defense gets TO and Steelers score a touchdown to win it, 27-24.

Dallas should be an easy game, considering their record. But somehow this will be drama."
"Anytime Steelers are playing and it's an ugly game, I feel better about their chances of winning. Like, this is the Steelers we're talking about here... I can remember when winning games 9 to 10 was the norm."
I had anxiety reading this.
This game will not be close.
"Not against this busted ass Cowboys team.  It's gonna be a 38-7 kind of game.  Now at the Bengals this could be dead
 on"
"Or we just lose, too. That's a possibility as well."
Listen I understand the whole playing down the competition narrative but the Cowboys are on THEIR 4TH STARTING QUARTERBACK
!RemindMe 48 hours
Is there another way?
Just scored 2 tickets for the game tomorrow!
Steelers will be leading 21-3 at halftime. Book it.
"Then you say to yourself ""I was never worried"""
"Not only will the Cowboys be on their 4th string QB, their defense is also ranked [literally dead last in the NFL](https://www.lineups.com/nfl-team-rankings/defense). On paper, there's no reason this game should even be close, the Cowboys suck out loud.

We had it bad last season, but at least we still had the 6th best D in the league, and we never had to find out who came after Ben > Mason > Duck on the depth chart, they must be a special kind of miserable in Dallas right now."
Why even watch the game if you're going to spoil it like this?
I predict we lose at least  one of the next three. All classic trap games
You guys are hilarious. This game has the makings of a 53-3 debacle.
"I am sorry to hear about your friend and his bad life choices, I wish him the best and a speedy recovery. However, yah, he isn't wrong. haha"
"If it's seriously that close against this Dallas team then we have massive issues. I mean I get how we are but shit, calling this year's cowboys a dumpster fire is a compliment. I realy hope we lock it up and blow the doors off them for once."
"Lmao. Apt, very apt"
"Ya know, one of these days we won’t take our foot off the gas and win by 50. Maybe not tomorrow, but one day. The best"
Ezekiel Elliot with the majority of TD or what?
Ezekiel Elliot with the majority of TD or what?
No joke I literally had a dream last night that we were up 24-0 and then it became 24-23 and we stopped them on 4th down to win the game
This hurts lmao
"Playing down to competition, only to barely escape with a win at the end. Such is Steelers tradition"
Steeler Fans have to live shorter lives right?
knowing the steelers i’ve been nervous for the cowboys but at the same time i feel like we’re a different team now and won’t do that
Bruh this is basically a rip-off the Titans game. Anyone can predict this
This team is different. We played inferior teams all year up until Tennessee and went 5-0.
Now that got my heart rate up
So hoping they stop playing down.
The Cardiac Steelers.
The cowboys won't even score 10 points. They run like a high school offense right now. If dak was playing this would be a possibility but they are worse than the jets right now. The eagles are dog shit and they covered 10.5 against them even with Wentz playing like shit. If we don't win by 20 I'll be amazed.
probably watches UrinatingTree
"I'd say it's more Dallas gets off to a 14-0 lead because stagnant offense, turnovers, and penalties. It's 17-6 end of the 3rd quarter. 17-9 5 mins left. Ben leads a drive and ties it 17-17 with 50 secs. Dallas gets a big kick return and kicks a 46 yd fg to win."
I will boo the ravens I think.
redzone for me
"Steelers duh!!
Haha west coast time is weird 😂"
Seattle and Buffalo and colts vs ravens
Redzone channel all the way. I LOVE when we get an afternoon game and I can just binge the morphine drip of Redzone for 3 hours.
I have a Redzone free preview for the month so I’m going to make the most of it since I don’t like watching Ravens games
That's clearly the early game of the day.  Potential AFCCG preview.  Let's see if the Colts can put Lamar in a box and make  him throw the ball.  Let's see if the Ravens can pound Phillip Rivers and expose him as an old man.
"West coast living so, sleeping in."
Furiously masturbate until the Steelers game.
Living in Indy im forced to watch the Colts.
colts baltimore so you dont have to change the channel
I am also booing the Ravens.
I'm gonna watch Redzone
Booing the Ratbirds
""
Haters will say it’s fake.
Just out of curiosity anyone got the numbers ats?
Yeah but what were the scores in those games? I bet all of those wins were something like 31-28 and it came down to the wire.
"And here’s how most of those wins come. Steelers go down by multiple possessions and look like shit against a bad team. Come 2nd half, Steelers start slowly coming back, and then they make a couple big 4th quarter plays to barely escape with a win. Yinzers pretend nothing bad ever happened all because we beat a shit tier team"
I love Tomlin and I’ve maintained for years now that he’s the 2nd best coach in the league. To be fair though the narrative isn’t just about losing to bad teams it is playing down to bad teams. Not to mention the narrative was in part born out of the “unleash hell in November” comment which was in 2009 and thus not part of this.
"I wonder how many of those wins come from divisional rivals. Because the Steelers take those games more seriously for sure, even when the Browns and Bengals are having a bad year.

And to make a good comparison for them playing down to bad teams, they tied the Browns when playing the Hue Jackson coached team without Mayfield, and yet just destroyed the 5 win browns a couple weeks ago. The playing down to bad teams thing isn’t a myth, but it doesn’t guarantee a loss either."
"This isn’t what’s funny tho, I’m pretty sure I saw that were only like .250 ats when favored by 10+. Usual steelers heart attack games as Pittsburgh dad likes to say"
What about when they're only favored by 9? 7? I imagine it gets a LOT worse.
That’s because people know not to favor us by 10 or more points.
"That’s really not the point; but Ok. If Tomlin was even .500 against awful teams; he wouldn’t be coaching. 

Most of the time Ben bails Tomlin and the Steelers out against bad teams. And 5 years ago it was Ben, Brown, and Bell bailing the team out. 

You can go through the seasons and see how many close games the Steelers have had against bad teams. The Tomlin apologists never cease to amaze me. It’s always some excuse or some cherry picked stat"
""
"Our offense is a little too good for us to lead the league against the pass.  Should be plenty of garbage time yards for opposing QB's trailing big in second halves this year.  This isn't a 2008 Steeler team situation, where the defense had to be on top of its game at all times because our rushing and passing attacks were both below league average.  This defense will get to play ""just keep it in front of you while we nurse the lead"" pretty frequently this year.  Hell, we already are.  We can score with this team.

And our division is specifically a little too good at running the football for us to pace the league in stopping that.

The great defenses don't necessarily have to lead the league in every category.  That's a function of how your team is performing on both sides of the ball.  They just need to be able to step up when it counts, and we've already proven this year that we're absolutely elite at that."
What did this look like last week before the debacle at Baltimore
"Well this did not age well, did it."
""
Ah shit. Hope the staff member is ok and that this doesn’t affect our players.
Ah fuck. Just please make it through one more day
Ah fuck. We have done so well
Hopefully it’s the assistant janitor that works overnight.
[Steelers Official Statement](https://twitter.com/steelers/status/1325104634642489346?s=20)
"I say this with all my heart

FUCK Baltimore"
"BREAKING: NFL fines preemptively Steelers organization $1,000,000 just cause.

Guess F5 Friday continues."
Any teams left that haven’t had any COVID+ news?
Hello Bye Week.
This sucks especially after getting fined for Tomlin's lax mask shenanigans. Covid ain't no joke.
Unmmmm.....
Hello Tuesday night game.  Bet we play Tuesday so we get 3 days worth of negatives which is made 'easier' by the Sunday night flex if the Bungels.  If that game isnt pushed to Monday to follow.
[deleted]
""
AAF legend. I will be slightly sad when they beat his ass.
Steelers win 28-27
RIP
"Ok, but how long will he be in the game for?  Will he be the first QB to get pulled for Shell Shock?"
"Seems like a good athlete and has some moxy to his game face.  However, he seems to stare down his target and/or engage in pre-planned look offs (like Justin Herbet) like the typical college starter who can't adjust to the nfl. [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLXO4MIx868](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uLXO4MIx868)

Conclusion:  He's going to get rekt!"
Ok so don’t play amari cooper got it
Cooper Rush lives another day.
Cooper rush spent all week saying Hail Marys and it worked
[removed]
Please leave politics out of the football subreddit. A lot of us look at these to get away from all this.
"Nah, it's offset by the Eagles"
Trump 2020 you can’t cheat your way into the presidency!
""
"- Mike Tomlin: .736 (90-32-1) = The 3rd-best success rate of any @NFL coach during his 13 years in the league

- Chuck Noll = .725 (137-52) 

- Bill Cowher = .723 (102-39).

""bUt ToMLiN pLayS dOwN tO HiS oPpOnEnTs"""
Dread it. Run from it. Steelering arrives all the same.
"I think the playing down narrative is overblown, but per Steelers Depot the Steelers are 6-4 in games in which they are a double-digit road favorite under Tomlin, so there's a little something to it."
[removed]
"Hard to say.  Claypool has only “went off” when DJ has been injured, even this past week he left early with a hammy and can back in later.  Aside from that, Steelers have 3 WRs that can dominate targets depending on what the defense gives them.  If you really need to pick between them, take a look at shadow coverage reports.  Look to see where the opposing teams top CBs tend to play, do they travel or stay put."
"If Johnson is healthy, play him. If not, claypool. DJ gets insane targets from biggums."
"Start DJ if he's healthy.  Then hope he stays healthy during the game.  If, at the start of the game, DJ is already injured, start Claypool.  If DJ gets dinged up during the game and Claypool goes off, that's just shit luck.

And you're right.  This isn't allowed."
"I think the ""switching off"" has been more coincidence than game plan. The only game where I really see the two players' production tied to one another was against the Titans when they decided to shadow Claypool with Logan Ryan, so DJ got filled in with targets.

I'd generally lean DJ most of the time."
"DJ gets the snaps when he’s healthy since Claypool is still a rookie, and Claypool has fumbled twice recently if I remember correctly. If DJ isn’t healthy, Claypool gets more snaps. That’s about all there is to it"
"I agree with NorthTop.  We are going to take what a defense gives us.  We have Juju, Washington, Johnson, Claypool, and Ebron, plus others like Connor, McDonald, McCloud.  We just have too many options.  I don't know there is a safe fantasy play for the Steelers on Offense right now, except for maybe Connor.  And even then he gets TDs vultured at the goal line."
Comes down to which wide receiver being double teamed really.
"Our WR group is stacked this year. We have 4 WRs who could be #1s on other teams (Washington more so #2 on most, but still). This leads to teams having to choose to double 2 of them. Of course, that leads to 1 popping off 1 week, and then when the next team doubles him, the other pops off the next week, and then the cycle continues."
""
"They are literally a practice squid


Edit:  I see it the mistake, I stand by it."
"That’s huge for the Steelers. Zeke was the only threat on offense. 

Cowboys gonna tank hard now"
Cowboys playing X-COM over here keeping all the veterans back and sending in just the new recruits to get slaughtered on a mission that is clearly gonna get everyone killed.
So sit the starters after the first half?
This sucks. Who's going to fumble now?
"If our Defense doesn't pitch a shutout, it'll be slightly disappointing.  They better not let up until the clock hits zero."
Ohhhh boy
This is not a trap game. We’re going to murder this team.
Long-term with the way they keep having injuries honestly it's probably smart for them to sit as many starters as they possibly can .
"I almost feel sorry for Dallas.

But I don't.

I don't see how they surpass 150 total net yards tomorrow.

Edit- this didn’t age well at all. Yikes."
Hope he plays. He's worth 2 turnovers a game
"Honestly the way zeke has been playing, they’re probably better with pollard"
Now they’re just making it too easy.
"I'm still genuinely unsure whether Pollard is worth picking up. I'd have to drop Damien Harris or Mike Williams

Edit: Thought this was r/fantasyfootball, my bad"
"We should just treat this like a preseason game at this point, no reason to risk serious injuries to any of our starters."
I saw the photos of who we had getting on the plane. I didn't know half of those dudes. I think the org is fully expecting a halftime blowout and throwing in backups haha
""
I’ve gotta cop some of these
I’ve got these! Bonus endorsement they are also my most comfy masks
I have the same ones. Wear them everyday
I have the exact same set!
Thought it was a bad tie at first. Not that I wouldn't rock it if it was or anything...
I don't even wanna know how much this must have cost.
""
It would suck seeing your brother get cut off an undefeated team
I strongly disagree with Wisniewsky move. I thought was at least a great backup....anyway they know better than me what to do
"- Stefen Wisniewski and Trey Edmunds have been waived

- Avery and Jayrone Elliott were added to the active roster. 

- Demarcus Christmas signed to the practice squad

- Antoine Brooks made the game day roster. 

Didn’t expect the Stefen news there but imo that’s an endorsement to Dotson. I assume Edmunds will circle back on the PS, as well."
"Sucks for Wis but I don’t think anyone, including the FO, expected Dotson to be this good so soon"
Does this mean edmunds is on our PS? Kinda sucks if he isn’t :(
I'm still wondering when will Avery play. Probably in the Inactives list would announce that.
This is the way.
"I think the Wis cut speaks more to his injury, you don't just cut capable backups that can play multiple positions."
"Why the hell would we release a starting OLineman? Seems crazy to me that he doesn't even have value to the team as a backup, especially given the injuries we've had there      

Edit: Yinz are right, I forgot he only started Week 1 because DeCastro was out. Still, he's a quality backup and those aren't always easy to find"
""
"I love JuJu, I feel like if we can keep this group together, we will have a top 5 WR Corp for years."
"I feel like with JuJu's side businesses and sponsorship deals he's more likely to take a team friendly deal to stay with a staff he knows and likes while staying in a city he knows and likes with a team he loves. 

I feel like after this season Conner is a free agent and I don't think he hang onto Washington long term either despite my wishing we would. 

It's gonna be interesting to see what the team looks like come pre-season time next year."
"Was doing some reading on this fine Saturday and stumbled across This from Gerry... might be worth a read for ya. 

Lots of debate around Juju returning but perhaps he takes a backloaded contract? Gonna be a tense offseason."
"When Juju had that big catch and run for a first down at the 2 yard line against the Ravens, did you see how he protected the ball with both arms. He’s learned his lesson on ball security."
"I really like the comparison of Juju to Hines

I would be absolutely stoked if he embraced that role"
"I think it’s more likely that we cut Washington loose. 

I like the dude, but he’s gonna be a rotation player behind Juju, Diontae, and Chase. If he wants that bag, he won’t find it in Pittsburgh."
He already pretty much said that. He knows the grass isn’t always greener.
Juju is smart to be working with endorsements and numerous other entities for supplemental income. Ofcourse a new fat contract is sweet but he may not need it which could be good for us!
Yeah so FUCK OFF Mark Madden
If he can come well below market value we can keep him... but its really this first year that makes things so stupidly difficult with the cap room.
Been saying this for a long time now. He is an ideal Steeler character guy. The type of guy who gets multiple contracts here
"It would be nice to keep Juju. He’s just so darn likeable, and his play style is perfect for Pittsburgh. He has a lot of endorsements so he could theoretically take a team friendly deal and stay with us if he prioritizes winning and culture over contracts. I wouldn’t blame if he did test free agency though. With that being said, I also really appreciate James Washington too. He’s a good ole boy and a hard worker. Claypool seems very similar so far, and Claypool is the best athlete of all of them. DJ is the only one that worries me personality-wise, but he’s still thankfully no AB except for having exceptional route running. 

There’s 2 ways I see this going. If Juju walks, we roll with Claypool, DJ, and Washington as originally expected. If Juju re-signs on a team friendly deal, I could maybe see us trading Washington. It really depends on what Juju wants to do, and who else can be re-signed. Bud is still playing himself out of our price range, and I could see Hilton being let go with the way Sutton is developing (although his deal is ending too as he was drafted right after Conner)."
Hes going to need a team friendly deal
"I watched one of his Twitch streams one night and someone commented and asked him to join Seattle and he just laughed at it and said ""there's no chance I play there"". I feel like he's happy where he's at and a solid chance we keep him :)"
"I been saying this for a while now. Juju is literally the second coming of Hines Ward. Tough, crafty, reliable, blocker, always smiling and having fun. His value goes beyond just his contract. No way the Steelers let him go."
"If they give Juju and Conner Buds money, I’m going to be pissed. That’s all I have to say on the matter."
"How? Even if it was something like 12 per we couldn’t afford it, and he will likely get more than that."
"I just don't see how it gets done unless Juju comes in really low. Like even if he took a Tyler Boyd style extension that may even price him out of the Steelers market - so he'll need to take a teeny signing bonus and something that has big, non-guaranteed money down the road.

I still think it could happen, but I'm guessing that he may get overwhelmed by an offer."
I love this team so much so I hope they get a ring this year. Some key guys may be gone next year but at least we’ll always be able to remember this squad as champs.
Well this makes me happy!
I’m hoping he stays but with claypool and Johnson being studs not sure if Steelers will pay him what he will want
Hes either going to play wel and price him out of pittsburgh or play bad and they wont want him. He gone.
I hope he retires as a Steeler.
More worried about Bud leaving than Juju.  I would HATE to see him go anywhere else.
"We have the benefit of having a QB that is retiring in a season or 2, so we could back load his contract.  Another thing probably worth mentioning is the Steelers aren't the only team in cap hell right now."
"This is Dulac's opinion and based on almost nothing.

Juju evidently wants to stay. Obviously the Steelers want to keep him. That does not mean the money is going to work out."
Mark Madden in shambles
"Don't get me wrong, I love juju, but even if he doesnt resign with us, I'll think we'll still be fine because we have other young, talented WRs"
"Call me crazy, but i think we are going to see more players l move to establish good situations and play them out.. the players who are signing mega contracts are re-signing rather than opting free agency."
Juju the real MVP
What? We have 4 other receivers who are just as good week to week. If I was Juju or the Steelers I wouldn’t resign.
"Idk, most Cali boys i know usually wanna move back to Cali"
I’d be interested in what his market would look like $$$ wise. I think it’s safe to say DJ is our #1
I don't even worry about it because we could lose the whole corps and Tomlin will just draft another couple pro bowl WRs next year.
"He's gone. Not for any flowery reason.

Hes gonna get #1 money from some team desperate. He's not going to get #1 money here cause we get so much value from others.

Same reason Bell left ultimately.


But maybe we could tag JuJu?"
So Juju over Dupree basically?
"They’ll offer him a similar contract that AB got his first time (when they chose AB over Wallace). 

His numbers dropping have been a blessing, cause if he was balling, there’d be no way we could sign him."
"If he doesn't break the bank, I want to keep him. He's the next Hines Ward."
"I love JuJu but I'm not sold on him as a #1. And as well as the Steelers draft WR, factoring in the drop on the cap that's coming, I think the Steelers might pass on him unless he goes way under market."
Love me some juju. His attitude has been impeccable this year.
"I guarantee you our FO opts to pay Bud Dupree first. If there's enough money left over, THEN Juju gets paid. WR has NEVER been a priority, does no one remember Cedrick Wilson? He was literally the reason Antonio Brown happened"
"Don’t speak so soon. 

We’ve been known to treat stars poorly."
"Steelers can't afford him without shredding their defense.

Sorry. Juju won't be here next year. So make the most out of this year."
""
I fucking love how unified this team is and that it isn't about just one player.
"I believe what he meant to say was, ""lol that's Alex Highsmith's replacement not minds take it how you want to I am back."""
Spillane appears to be an awesome human on and off the field. Glad we got him in the Burgh!
Question is do we think he’ll keep his starting spot or will Williamson take someone else’s spot?
What is the point of having a backup on the roster if when it comes time to use them you need to sign someone else? Serious question.
"I've seen the ESPN app send me a notification that a Steelers staff member (not clear who and whether in contact with the players/coaches) has contracted COVID and that the team is working the NFL on contact tracing. I can't find that piece of news now. Any news if our game tomorrow is in jeopardy?

&#x200B;

I'm in Europe, not getting Steelers news on TV and just wondering if I missed anything. I wait the whole week for Sunday to see my Steelers play, I don't want corona to take it away from me AGAIN!"
"Lol if the NFL continued with Thursdays game with Packers and Niners you bet they'll play our game.

They don't really care about being proactive at all. Especially now that we don't have a bye week to move around anymore."
We’re playing. No worries
Other teams have had staff and players test positive and still play.  This isn't a Titans type situation.
"At this moment, there are no worries whatsoever.  As with everything in America 2020, that could of course change at the drop of a hat."
We're playing but if it comes to it I'm sure perfectly fair Goodell will rearrange the schedules of 6 other teams to help us out.
""
I’ve looked at this for five hours now
Tj and Bud have more combined sacks than 9 NFL teams
Aaron Donald needs to come back home.
"Outside of Ogbah, they all have one more game played then the Black and Gold. (Note sure if any of those players missed any games nor will I be looking that up lol)"
"Damn, check out JPP staying relevant. Must have some crazy medical bills or something."
i feel like the answer is obvious but i’m fairly new to the nfl so can i ask why they count sacks in .5 decimals rather than whole numbers?
"Aaron Donald, a defensive tackle, leads the league in sacks. My goodness"
Them being three in a row looks so aesthetically pleasing.
Wait so they have 6 sacks a piece. 666 the mark of the beasts?
:)
"Stephon Tuitt is the best player on our defense, and possibly the entire team."
"Hey, guys. Is this good? Because it feels good."
I’m also happy to see Jason Pierre-Paul continue to succeed despite fucking up his hand on the fireworks incident. Nice to see guys succeed after mistakes like that
We are also number 1 and 2 for TFL.
Those numbers are about to sky rocket. I just hope that who ever the cowboys start can enjoy being put to sleep every 3 downs.
I think we’re gunna have a good team this year. 2020 doesn’t totally suck!
"Something something correlation does not imply causation, yea. This is clear evidence of having a fantastic defense and QBs in the rest of the league should get a little nervous having to play the Steelers."
Why are the colors different on tuitt
So if my math is right... that’s 18.5 sacks combined from just 3 players on the same team... incredible
Oh yeah brother
RIP Gilbert
Ooooh weeee we got some bad boys
I have to admit I’m kind of sad that Dalton isn’t getting the start tomorrow. It’d be nice if our 3 players moved up on the list by sacking Ole Red.
[deleted]
7 of the 10 people on the list played the Giants
Ya know everyone says how they’d love to have jj watt and I’m over here like nah Aaron Donald is the man
4-7 in .5 a sack?
The boys are buzzin
"Now if only we could start drafting DBs well at we do defensive lineman (well, really front seven) and wide receivers."
"Now if only we could start drafting DBs well at we do defensive lineman (well, really front seven) and wide receivers."
This number about to skyrocket today
Aaron Donald is a different breed. Best football player alive
It’s fucking beautiful.
"That's not how ranking works. Two people can hold number 1, there next number is 2. Then three people hold 3, after that the next 4 tied hold number four."
""
"At this point I almost feel bad for the Cowboys.

Almost."
The dankest timeline
Bro what the fuck is you're username
"What are the odds?

Elliot watches Spillane/Henry hit.  ""Nah man, still hurts."""
That’s only because he’d like to play in a game after this one...
Jesus. Our fans go nuts when we win a heart attack game...I can’t imagine what Cowboys fans are going through...
""
Long John Silvers?
A.....Lincoln?
JJ Watt doesn't start with and L and isn't Silver.
Watch Philly make the playoffs at 6-10. Philly/Pittsburgh Super Bowl. Pennsylvania gets the Lombardi either way (but we all know which city will be having the parade).
"Lombardi, here comes #7"
Just get them a win tomorrow
A silver-plated loss? That doesn't sound appetizing.
"Limousine? I'm sure the state has a few of those already, but okay, why not?"
"Does it, perhaps, rhyme with party? :)"
"It might be silver, but it starts with a dub."
"took me too long, nice title"
I’m sure those frackers would like some food for their families. Gotta love how out of touch Seth McFartin is.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Just kidding, this is the CBS late game coverage map and it says that pretty much the whole country gets to watch our boys play!! LET'S GO STEELERS!!

Edit: PS mods, I would have marked as shit post, but it doesn't look like we have flair on this sub?? What's up with that?"
Sad AZ resident here.
"Legit was gonna be mad cause of the 14 posts above this on feed. Glad to be surprised, also “Here We Go”"
Joe biden won South Florida? He officially a jit 🔫🥶‼️
"This is beautiful. 

Living away from the ‘burgh means I usually have to illegal stream Steelers games, but since we’ve been winning I’ve gotten lucky."
Tf is that little Florida/Mississippi bit? Miami fans?
red is steeler nation
ha topical
OHIO GANG RISE UP! WE ARE NO LONGER OPPRESSED!
""
""
[deleted]
Please no let down
"Juju’s nd Claypools Tik Tok content are gold. Especially Claypools, he’s absolutely hilarious"
......who’s arm is that?......
"Tuitt’s looking real slim these days, baybay!"
"Later in the day:

""Smith-Schuster will be out 4-6 weeks with a meniscus tear that he acquired from doing ticktok dances."
Imaginary hacky sack.
Called this early in the sub - Huge letdown as usual.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Is he playing today? I feel like this game would be a good warmup game for him.
"He's been activated and he's going to dress as an emergency back-up. So we'll get a look at him in a Steelers jersey, but the most strenuous thing he's likely to be doing is sipping gatorade."
"I doubt it, barring injury.  Maybe in a complete blowout situation? 

He's been virtual practicing all week, and they don't really want to play someone they haven't had a good look at in real practice, if they can avoid it."
"I don't believe he's cleared COVID-19 protocol yet to be activated for the game. He should just be on the inactive roster for the day.

The recent roster cuts and moves were to make room for him but not so he could play today. Next week is the earliest he can actually take the field for us I believe."
Likely not this week. I've heard a lot of next week though.
"From what I’ve heard he is a faster version of Vince williams, and he barely posted faster that Spillane in the 40. Spillane is 4 years younger and is an unknown commodity with regards to his talent ceiling.  Avery has been competent and above avg as a run stopper, kind of meh in pass coverage like Vince and Spillane. I’d rather have Spillane in more downs, a guy who is playing with house money and has nothing to lose and everything to gain from playing well. I think barring a colossal screw up by Spillane that Avery will be the backup for around 3 games while they try to coach Avery up to play as our coverage capable ILB. So long as he shows more in practice in coverage he will take the majority of defensive snaps with Spillane working in as the backup."
""
That was fun man.  A trip down memory lane.  I forgot about a lot of those names.  Specifically the tight ends.
"Man, talk about a walk down Memory Lane. Kimo von Oelhoffen? I feel old."
"In that 2004 season, the Cowboys went 6-10. It was part of six year stretch from 2000-2005 where they had a losing season four times and only made the playoffs once until Romo came along.

In case anyone was wondering whether the ""Nail-biter win over a bad team"" was new under Tomlin, or if it's simply how all professional sports play out. The occasional game with a blowout, like the Steelers and Browns game a couple weeks ago, does not change the rule."
Oh man this takes me back to when ESPN game highlights were real recaps of the game. Not just a 30 second highlight reel and the final score but actually letting you feel the highs and lows of the game.
"“Terry Glenn. She’s wide open”

That’s so awesome 👏"
Got to see this game in person. It was great.
I was just listening to these old NFL Primetime songs this morning. I love them
So many chill bumps
“Jerome Bertie now up to 2 yards per carry on the season”😂
This was the game I knew we had something special in Ben.
"VT's fumble was on 3rd down at about the 50.  The debate was whether to close out the game with a first down or play it safe, punt, and have the Steelers have to drive from deep in their own end.

Normally, trying to get the first down and finish the game out is the right call, but based on VT's history, they'd have been further ahead to keep the game out of his hands and run the ball."
I remember this game.
This title hurts to see eight hours late....
Dang big ben is old
""
Roethlisberger 2020
"Heyward 

Watt

2020"
""
You will never be loved like you will be loved by the city of Pittsburgh and Steelers fans.
Call me the United States cause I want to put more money into our already strong defense
He’ll end up cut since nobody will want to take on his contract/think Texans can get out with little to no dead money
"Hypothetical: Whats the most you would give up for him if you did not have to be concerned with the salary cap? 

I would do it for a 4th with possibly^andIsaypossibly talked into giving up a 3rd."
"Kevin, I know we don’t typically do this kind of thing. But I know that you know that we all know the window is closing. I saw the trade up you made for Bush. We watched you trade a first round pick for Fitzpatrick. We never thought you would do it! But you’re all in on #7, as are we. Now I am asking you again, please go get this man. 

FUCK THE CAP"
"There is no way we trade for him with his salary next year. There is a good chance no one does IMO since his salary isn't guaranteed.  Texas would be better off releasing him and letting JJ be a free agent.  Maybe then we can sign him to a ""I just want a championship"" kind of contract. Otherwise we can't afford him."
Could we collect the whole set?!
"$17.5M cap hit next year. You can get that down a good $10-12M with an extension, but that requires a pretty long back loaded extension for a guy who will be 32 by the time he plays a down for you."
"I would love to have JJ...

Id love to keep Bud even more"
It was my understanding that unless Ben retires there’s no way we’d have the money for him
"Eh, what position would he play exactly?"
Don’t do this to me. Don’t give me hope.
Someone photo shop a steelers Jersey on the watt family picture they took when they played the Texans
"Fuck it, tell him to lose weight and line him up at OLB when we lose Bud next year. None of it makes sense but 2020 makes me want the fucking gratification of it all."
Jaromir Jagr also should have retired as a Penguin.
"How about all the watt brothers sign up some team friendly deal. I’m sure the family is financially stable. Make a deal with tj, Derek, to take a partial hit, ask Jj to take a hit. And give them 2 maybe 3 years to see what can be done."
yes pls
THE WATT TRIFECTA
Soon we will have all the infinity stones
Ben really needs to take a huge pay cut
It would be awesome but do we really need him? Who are likely to lose on defense next year? Bud? Defense is still going to be stacked again. Feel like we can make moves on the other side of the ball that would help the team more
"Salary is the big deal with JJ, those claiming he's washed or ""where would we put him"" don't know what they're talking about. 

Firstly, I guarantee JJ ups his game especially if his little brother is on the line talking shit about how he's better, brotherly rivalry is a thing and JJ hasn't had a terrible season despite showing no interest in the shit show that is the Texans.

Secondly (something I haven't seen brought up), we could offer a 3rd to have the Texans eat a majority of JJs contract on a signing bonus. Texans are clearly going to be rebuilding, so I doubt the cap hit hurts them too hard given they're 11 mil under the cap and will be pushing for rookies. They already signed Watson and I doubt Johnson remains on the team, who is a 11mil cap hit. It makes things more complex to do it this way, but it makes sense.

The reason why JJ would be nice to have - if Tuitt or Heyward go down, we really don't have the depth to mask their production. Everytime Tuitt goes down, we feel it. Helping the rotation with Heyward, Tuitt, and JJ means they're all much more fresh in-game and less likely to be injured long-term from a high snap count, while *also* providing legit relief in the case of injury. Personally, I see this as an absolute win *if* we can get JJ here *without* having to eat his cap space. Long shot, but it's a legit shot."
"I would much rather he went to another team on a 2 year deal, and sign him when he's done with that team.  At that age he would be a solid backup/rotational player which we need a lot more than a solid starter"
"Cool, but there's no way we'll have the cap space to sign him without getting rid of enough high-cap players that the team becomes a non-contender."
Why? We run a three four
"Packers need a DE- he is going home, not the Burgh."
👏 TRADING 👏 FOR 👏 J.J. 👏 IS 👏 A 👏 WASTE 👏 OF 👏 (most likely) 👏 DRAFT 👏 CAPITAL 👏 AND 👏 CAP 👏 SPACE 👏
No! Great player but he’s always hurt and past his prime.
We don't have the cap but it would be nice to see.
the thought of winning a SB with his brothers and having that forever with his family has GOT to be a BIG draw for him...i don't think he cares about doing it by himself.....he would have to take a MASSIVE pay cut which also doesn't seem like a big deal to him....so maybe but Green Bay is probably at 85% to get him.
Imagine the glory of our defense
Would we even have the cap space for him??
I’m a Texans fan and I want Watt on a contender. He deserves it and it would be something if all 3 Watts were on one team.
We aren’t allowed to talk about this....according to folks on here....shhhhh
"Come on home, sir"
"We are much better off using the cap to keep Bud, JuJu and pay TJ like the star he is."
""
The King in the North!
He needs a bigger codpiece for his gigantic balls
Exquisite
Appreciate the challenge flag in hand
"Yup, that’s my coach, in all his glory"
Hopefully this season has a better ending than Game of Trones did. King of the north!
We need to get this on the sidebar of /r/ravens
I think every player has been featured in this
""
What does the title of the post have to do with the article
"We are good this year, but I feel a touch too inconsistent to win a Super Bowl. We have had incredibly good half-games, and horrible looking ones. I feel like if both the offense and defense were in rhythm for a whole game (even 3 solid quarters) we could beat just about anyone. Seeing the very best of some of the top contenders such as Seattle, Green Bay, KC, Titans, Ravens... I think we are CAPABLE of beating all of them (and we’ve beat two by the skin of our teeth) if we are firing on all cylinders with the team we have."
I guess this article can tell the future. Already giving us the win vs Dallas
Pretty damn good I’d say.
"We should be considered the clear favorite.  We're more in command of our division and our destiny than any other team in football, and our team is so well balanced, that a couple random injuries hurt us less than they hurt most other teams.

For all the whining you hear locally about, ""Oh, woe is us!  We're so inconsistent,"" go watch some of the other teams you think of as elite.  Just as a hint to the kind of inconsistencies you can expect, consider: if any other team were even *more* reliably good *and* ""consistent"", they too would be undefeated.

Every team has hits and misses.  What sets us apart right now is the fact that we have so much talent that usually, when we suffer at some phase of the game for a while, one of the other phases is there to pick us up.  We're pretty much the only team in 2020 for whom that is the case."
"Please make this game over quick. I have a lot I'd rather do than watch a game in which there is even a glimmer of hope. 

Thanks"
Just watch the 3rd quarter. You’ll love it. You’ll start thinking your team is a legit Super Bowl contender.
Really have a feeling this will be much closer than anyone is realizing.
"Real fans watch disappointing games through 

We had to put up with the infamous duo all last season"
Sorry that’s not how we do things in Pittsburgh.
Yeah I smell a TRAP game. Pleas no!
Just don't watch the game if you have better things to do. I'm a KU fan. I don't even bother wasting my time with their football games.
"Cowboys fan, you obviously haven’t watched much Steelers football. Our MO is to get a lead by the end of the half, and have the opponents needle us until our lead is only by three. We will force a fumble with a minute left at our 20 and win."
Tell Mike to throw in the towel early
This is aging well.
I think until Jerry jones gives up GM duties the cowboys r going to struggle to be a true super bowl contender.
Sorry not sorry that’s Steeler football we make things close for no reason but you guys are still in playoff contention!
[deleted]
""
I have one of those too!
i’ve been wearing a sweatshirt and a home juju jersey since week 1 and we won every game i didn’t have the sweatshirt on for the first half of last week put it on and we won so i’ll keep wearing that shit lmao
That’s awesome! Where did you get it?
Could you imagine beating Brady and Brown in the Superbowl?
That would be amazing! But I don't think I would be alive to see it because I would have died of a heart attack during the AFCG against the Chiefs
and 5 Coaches that either played for us or previously coached for us.
Only after beating Bell and the Chiefs in the AFC Championship.
"Bucs = retirement community (in Florida nonetheless) 

Pittsburgh west became the “Villages South”"
Not anymore
""
Love it! Like how it has the same texture...
"I have one of these as well. And let me say this before it even gets asked, it’s VERY breathable, one of my most comfortable masks to be honest. It has a softer texture than what it looks like. Highly recommend!"
WHERE DO YOU GET THIS
How can you post that and not tell me where to get it?  Your a monster.
[here](https://shop.steelers.com/pittsburgh-steelers-terrible-towel-face-mask) for anyone looking
I wear mine all the time...and I live in northeast CT...in patriots country. I’ve put up with so much of their fans shit...not so much this year!
""
He's probably gonna bust a nut today on the field by accident.
Bro NO! You need the post-nut clarity
Reminds me of the running back from Blue Mountain State lmao
"If he stays course by the end of the month he will be the league's leading receiver, quarterback, running back, kicker, returner, tackler, and commentator."
Watch him start aggressively dominating the next few weeks
"A stronger man than I, but we knew that already considering I post on Reddit and he is a Steeler."
RIP defenders.
Definitely doubt it
I do Not endorse this.
""
Wait - I'm just realizing their president's name is Dick Ass.
Was this you?
Meh...not bad for a running back.
Facts
""
Why 2 months? Where did you order that from?
No! Don’t wear it... wait till after this game
Well.... let’s all hangout here until we get some action.
"Rivers just had a chance to replicate Big Ben's TD saving tackle (lower stakes, obviously) but instead completely fucked it up. Add it on to the list of reasons Ben is the best of that class"
"My favorite stat so far: Steelers opponents are 1-5 the week after playing the Steelers. The only win is the Browns over Bengals. Ravens are losing today. 

Think about how badass we are that we literally cripple teams for an extra loss. Losing to the Steelers is basically losing two games."
"Every week I hope the Steelers win and the Ravens lose. So, right at this moment I'm a Colts fan."
Refs gotta bail the Ravens out again.
Did anyone see that Ravens call? Don’t want to ever hear those motherfuckers cry about refs again.
"I know we're all watching the Ravens-Colts game and rooting for the Colts, but can we get love for the Panthers right now? Them beating the Chiefs would put us at a solid spot for the first seed in the AFC. Right now it's 14-3 Carolina so things are looking pretty good."
Stupid ass ravens getting a strip
Imagine banking on Phil rivers to win a big game
"the ravens are excellent at ball stripping , we need to replicate that"
Ravens have a major steelers hangover... Zero rushing yards in the first quarter lmao
lol Ravens would be getting blown out if it wasn’t for that Fumble TD
"KC and Bal down 👀

Would shape up nicely for us"
My hot take for this week was the ravens and chiefs both lose
"Dez and Jesse James weren't catches, but that is. 

Yeah, ok 🥴"
Just saw the fucking Ratbirds ran back a fumble for a TD to tie it.
Baltimore lol
Jake Luton wtff
Always fun watching the Ravens get their asses beat.
Keep it up Indy!
Is it best for a Raven loss or Colts?
well recovery for allen
"Does anyone turn the ball over more than Baltimore ? Holy cow, it's too predictable."
I don't believe in Rivers whatsoever... but maybe he can not fuck up something for himself for once and beat a top tier team.
Redzone time
Holy hell let’s go panthers
Let’s go panthers!
"Dilemma. I want the Ravens to lose but I also know someone who is a Colts fan and the thought of them being miserable gives me great joy.

Perhaps a tie. Keep that Ravens Browns comparison going.

Also are the Bills gonna topple the Seahawks today?"
Live by the sword die by the sword
Every minute that passes in these games. We look better and better
Ravens and chiefs both in trouble today. Let’s prove why we’re kings of the AFC today! LETS GOOO!
Chiefs and Panthers just traded missed field goals
Was anyone else under the impression this was a 1pm game since last week? I’ve got footblueballs right now.
"Panthers just hit a fake punt on the Chiefs. And it was a beauty

Edit TD CAROLINA!"
One of my Steelers gcs is legit debating whether to watch Charli or Dixie Damelio tiktoks as good luck charms for the game
we have a steelers discord?
the WFT is cursed if you're a QB
The upside if the Ravens win? It makes the Steelers Defense look even better because at least we held on.
SNR is reporting that Juju and/or Chase Claypool were dancing on the Dallas star at midfield.
"'K,  Bills look utterly terrifying."
""
Wholesome content. Can confirm.
What a cutie! My daughter is expecting our new Steelers fan granddaughter in a few weeks. Can’t wait to see her in all the new Steelers gear I have already bought for her! Here we go!
Ha! Adorable....way to start ‘em young!
That smile is beautiful! Love the skirt and bow!
Adorbs.
"Chubby baby cheeks... check.
Baby wrist rolls... check.
Smol Steeler gear complete with bow... check.

Take the damn upvote haha"
"This should be a weekly tradition. All of you who have cute ass babies, post them before kickoff. They have been good luck charms so far"
Awesome!
Adorable😊
So adorable! Bless you and your beautiful family
Thanks for the baby pic but you might have cursed us or it was me
[removed]
Nuts are a good source of healthy fats so I don’t see why anyone would be concerned with cutting them out of their diet for a whole month.
"Doubt AB will either 

He’s just waiting for his comeback"
[deleted]
I perceive that you are a Prophet!
Told my wife the aame thing a couple weeks ago.
From your lips to god’s ears.
That would be the cats ass right there.
I’ll just take a super bowl man
"Ben rides off into the sunset, happy he can finally pig out on those oreo's and have those late 2am buffet sessions at Eat N Park with no more restrictions or judgement, and assume his final form: ""Mega Fat Fuk, worlds laziest man"""
""
"Nah, Running Backs run *forward*"
Big oof now
""
The OG TB12
TOUCHDOWN!
""
""
Damn not Dereks Watts
Definitely nothing unexpected
Glad to see Hilton out. And we got Reggie Watts out again I see
No real surprises. I’m on board to let Hilton and Watt rest up here.
"So whats was the point of cutting Nix? He played great for us, had one injured season, then we cut him to sign a guy who barely plays, and has only played 3 games at best. 

Furthermore, we cut Edmunds (who i expect to end back on the PS) who is the only thing close to a backup FB we had. Goddamn dude"
""
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Dallas Cowboys

AT&T Stadium- Arlington, TX

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:04

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * *|0|9|0|15|24|
|Cowboys|3|10|6|0|19|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|DAL|FG|1|(3:59) G.Zuerlein 38 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|TD|2|(7:52) (Shotgun) G.Gilbert pass deep right to C.Lamb for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DAL|PAT|2|G.Zuerlein extra point is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|FG|2|(3:50) G.Zuerlein 44 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|PIT|TD|2|(1:16) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to J.Washington for 17 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|FG|2|(:02) C.Boswell 59 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|DAL|FG|3|(10:22) G.Zuerlein 45 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|DAL|FG|3|(2:17) G.Zuerlein 39 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-L.Ladouceur, Holder-H.Niswander.|
|PIT|TD|4|(15:00) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to J.Smith-Schuster for 31 yards, TOUCHDOWN. PENALTY on DAL-R.Gregory, Unnecessary Roughness, 15 yards, enforced between downs.|
|PIT|FG|4|(7:15) C.Boswell 43 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(2:19) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to E.Ebron for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 3 | 16 | 46 | 309 | 20 |
| Cowboys | 7 | 70 | 144 | 220 | 19 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jqncsq/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_dallas/)
So we’re just actively treating this as a bye week. Got it.
"If he makes this I’m shotgunning my beer

Edit: Mama ain’t raise no bitch, I’ll brb my Yinzerz"
"That should’ve been a flag

But Claypool should’ve 100% caught that. It went straight through his hands"
"Weird. Once Ben starts play calling, we move the ball. Almost like our OC is a bottleneck."
There is no rule that the QB can't be the OC also
Whoever got the false start=mvp
Dear Ben's knee please be okay. I can't take another play with Rudolph.
"Thank God.

#Steelers QB Ben Roethlisberger sustained a knee injury and was taken to the locker room prior to halftime to be further evaluated. He is expected to return in the second half."
How is dallas not getting flagged for jumping the snapper
"So everyone knows the first few series of a game are scripted offensive plays, everyone knows we struggle the first quarter of games until we stop using the game script. So at this point if the only way we score is when Ben can do what he wants why do we have a offensive coordinator?"
78 thank you very much for your service but let’s not get Ben killed when he’s already on one knee.
[deleted]
Good INT but damn it I wish Minkah would have just gone down in the end zone
"Maybe the defense wouldn't be gassed if the offense could stay on the fucking field. This is so stupid. I'm tired of people telling me Fichtner is anything better than the worst OC in the league. It's not even worth replying to you retards who still believe this shit. When I point out shit like how Ben changes the plays at the line or just straight up audibles out of garbage Fichtner playcalling you tell me that's not a knock on Fichtner. Actual fucking retards who argue with me on this sub about our incompetent OC.

Watch, all of a sudden Ben will start calling all the plays and the offense will be able to play football and people will tell me Fichtner did a good job. This shit is exhausting. It's the same shit every week."
"Whatever age I die, I want my family to know I would have lived another 20 years if I wasn’t a Steelers fan."
Help us Juju. You’re our only hope.
Second time they've gotten away with launching
The insurmountable 3-0 deficit. Fire everyone. Complete rebuild incoming!
Ben about to come out on those Aaron Rodgers drugs.
I want to see some replays on this guy jumping over. Because I have seen that shit called so often.
"People are saying to chill, but why? This is fucking humiliating. We have no offensive play calling and our defense is getting bossed by an AAF QB. Even if it isn’t even the second half this is fucking embarrassing"
WOW BEN IS CALLING THE PLAYS AND NOW WE CAN MOVE THE FUCKING BALL. FICHTNER IS SO GOOD RIGHT GUYS???? FUCKING MORONS
"Hahahahahaha made a fucking 59 yarder from Boswell is GOOD. 

Please let Ben be okay."
"Miss a 54, make a 59. 2020 in a fucking nutshell"
"Lmao y’all gotta stop overreacting 😂. If Claypool makes that tough catch, or the refs actually call PI we’d be winning already. It’s all good"
"You young'ns might not member the good ole days but back then when the Ben got hurt his passer rating received a +50 buff from badass mode activated. 

This is the most vintage game ever."
This is BY FAR the worst we’ve looked this season. Makes sense it’s in a game that we were prohibitive favorites.
Down 13-0. Y’all ready for run run incompletion? Because I sure fucking am
It’s funny how predictable this is starting to get. We need to get it together. It’s starting to get embarrassing
"Prediction: Ben comes out in the second half, lights up the Cowboys. Score 35-13 Steelers."
"I feel like Steelers underutilize JuJu. Every time things start going to him, big plays are made."
Everyone all week has been saying “trap game.” Apparently no one listened.
"I don’t blame that on boz , the cowboys were fucking in there"
"OH YE OF LITTLE FAITH. Kneel now before your master the Burger of Roeth whose knee though composed of putty shall support great heaves of mightiness and downward touches galore. 

Bask not in the glory of Steeler Nation this day, for ye who have forsaken the black and gold deserve none of the fruits of our labor.

Cower in your corners ye faithless. Cursed be your names."
"Pack it up boys, season's over. 

/s"
I can’t do another season of Rudolph. Seeing him at quarterback makes me want to puke
Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben. Please be fine Ben.
Ben better trot his big oaf ass into that field for the second half
The Cowboys scored 22 points combined in their last 3 games. Already have 19 on an “elite” defense.
Oh fuck that’s not Boswell’s fault
[deleted]
So... anyone want to apologize?
Bruh that was the fastest quarter of football in history
"""Give it to me again, harder this time."" - Bos, probably"
"59 yards , a new record. Congrats to Boswell and the Steelers. Roy Gerela must be happy."
Juju needs to stay.
"Twice now dallas has jumped over the longsnapper, isnt that illegal?"
"Its time.

Defense. 

Its time

Show this dallas qb what the fuck pressure means."
3 PATs would slap right now
Boswell is entitled to a miss with how the rest of the team is playing. He has been strong the whole season
How much could we pay a Cowboys player to just run towards our sideline and BREAK RANDY'S FUCKING LEGS
Funny how our 2nd string QB never looked as good as their 4th.
Happened to watt 3 times but whatever
"1st and 10

No, 1st and 5

Scratch that, 1st and 15"
"""You are, without a doubt, the worst 7-0 team I've ever heard of.""

""Ahh, but you have heard of me."""
Are....are... We getting these kinds of calls now...?  Is this how it feels?
I WANNA SEE A WATT STRIP FUMBLE
That’s a chip shot FG to go up 8 points on a team with no timeouts.  What in the absolute fuck are they doing
what a game from minkah
I’m sending the county of Allegheny a health bill for 2 heart attacks in one week.. Fuck me..
Can ben just call all our plays? Fichtner is so trash
Run on 2nd and fucking 14. Fuck you Randy
TJ Watt at least has showed up.
Keep Buggs in. Send Mondeaux to the bus.
I can’t figure out how anyone looks at Rudolph and thinks “the future”.
Put Dobbs in. Rudolph sucks
I’m not watching mason rudolph play football for the next 8 weeks
God I'm getting flashbacks from last season with Rudolph at QB. Please Ben be okay man I don't think I can see this garbage for the entire second half of the season.
Alright. It’s halftime. Bless everyones and most importantly Bens knee. Cowgirls are still trash. Heart attack whole second quarter as is Steelers fashion. We can do this. Let’s riiiiide
"Guys don’t worry, I’m a PT. He passed the lipshitz test. He’s fine"
Cowher telling it like it fucking is haha
HOLY SHIT WE SENT DUPREE AND HE GOT HOME RATHER THEN GETTING BEAT IN COVERAGE ITS A GOD DAMN MIRACLE. I really hate butler
"That was a time consuming drive. In fact, most of the cowboys drives seem to go on forever. We have maybe 4 possessions left at this rate."
"Need 4, go for 30, = 0.  Steelers need to work on their math."
Looks like Ben is finay.seeing The bad matchups on JuJu
How is the ref going to call that holding when the Dallas OLine is literally wrapping around TJ and Dupree.
Who even had time to block? He ran 5 yards
Can anyone explain to me why they aren't calling the leaping over the LS?
Are they going to call this guy jumping over the center at all
Hard for Boswell to make a kick when you have froggy hopping over every time
"We'd be up if it weren't for those two blocked extra points...

Defense needs to make a stop on this drive and offense needs to at least get us in field goal range to put this away. 

This has been utterly ridiculous today."
"I thought you couldn't jump over the long snapper? Why is that not being called, genuinely asking."
I'd prefer a TD with under 20 seconds. I don't trust a field goal with that dude breaking through every time
"#WE DO THIS EVERY FUCKING WEEK


RELAX"
Why am I afraid of a 4th string qb making a 2 minute  comeback
Why would you not kick a field goal?!
A win is a win is a win
That's the worst I've ever felt after a win I think
"Chill it's the first quarter

Chill it's only halfway thru the second<- *you are here*

Chill it's only halftime

 Chill there's still a quarter left

Chill Ben has a great 2 minute drill"
Please god don’t make me watch a whole second half with Rudolph under center
"I literally just said out loud ""Watch us run a pussy ass draw play on 2nd and long"" and wouldn't ya know it."
[deleted]
Lol just imagine Steeler fans that we are in the playoffs and we are playing a team like the Chiefs and decide to be running on 2nd and 14..
"YiNzErS sAy FiRe OC wHeN 7-0

Imagine thinking Fichtner has any right to be the OC of a 7-0 team. Our offensive play calling is consistently ass"
I expected nothing less and yet I’m disappointed.
Im not even mad.  I think we all expected this.
Defense got bailed out lol. Cooper would’ve had the first down if he doesn’t fall. Why the fuck are they playing zone?
CANT WAIT TO RUN THE BALL. HERE WE GO. FAT FUCK RANDY.
Massive PI and defensive holding.  No call
Offense works when Fitchner isn’t involved
Its amazing how well we move the ball when we let Ben just do his thing.
"If mike Tomlin was wearing his sunglasses like the first 7 games of the season, we would not be having these problems"
Why don’t we let Ben run the offense all the time? Honest question. The difference is insane.
I'll take Ben in a wheelchair over Rudolph in the second half.
I don’t care if we get blown out as long as Ben can come back
"If Boz makes this I'll name my firstborn after him

edit: huh. Boz Summerlin has a nice ring to it at least."
This place is so bipolar right now and I love it.
If Ben didn't go in the locker room its tied. Mason sucks.
Whoever false started deserves a raise!!
"In Boswell we trust

&#x200B;

59-Yd Field Goal is *GOOD*!!!"
"Mason Rudolph observation...too much air under his throws, very little zip"
This game ain’t over until all the votes are counted
We are so good at making QBs who have never had any significant snaps look like they are seasoned vets with a couple rings lol
[deleted]
Still a one score game. I’m not panicking. But I am very annoyed with the playcalling and sloppiness. We should be torching this scrub defense.
can’t even blame Bos on that one
Is there some kind of higher force at work here?
"Center in fg formation cannot be touched, no?"
What the hell is up with these missed calls!? You can't use another person to launch yourself over the line. I'm so over this game
We just aren’t going to call the penalty for pushing the center down while jumping over the center? WTF is wrong with these refs. This is like 101. There should never be pressure over the center.
Damn those missed extra points are looming large
I thought jumping the line was a penalty?
"This is it. Ben, we believe in you. Fuck Fichtner and do your thing"
Jesus.  Is this how important Alualu is to the defense?
"If we can’t put up 20 points on this abysmal cowboys d, how the fuck do we plan on winning anything in the playoffs? This is a serious question."
I could go for one of those game winning drives about now.
Renegade still playing. Wife is telling me turn it down but im yelling at the D to turn it up. Tequila brought me here.
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME WHY WE DON'T KICK A FG AND GO UP 8 POINTS???????????
Not kicking the field goal was dumb as shit. Even if Boswell missed it or it got blocked they're not returning it for a touchdown and they still get the ball at the same spot they did.
"Man, the announcers are really on the side of Dallas."
Fire the special teams coach if you don’t trust his unit enough to kick a 30 yarder to put the game away
My heart has exploded and my liver has erupted. This team is killing me. Fuck it. 8-0 baby!
Y’all it’s still q1 let’s relax
Jesus you guys are soft lol
Highsmith is going to be a draft steal I think
"""2nd and 14...they'll never guess a handoff!""  

Yeah, there's a reason for that."
I really hope all you Fitchner apologists are watching right now
WHY IS HADEN BACK THERE
Huh who would have thought this could be a classic steeler trap game...... we’ll pull it out but it won’t be pretty
"Fire Keith Butler. 

I mean he should have been fired after the Jacksonville playoff game but I digress."
"Everyone else: I can’t believe the 1-6 cowboys are beating the Steelers 

Steelers fans: par for the course"
"This run, run, pass predictability is getting old. How the hell does the front office not see this? How can they turn a blind eye to such horrible OC?!?"
I’ve been watching the Steelers since I was 5 and they do this every year but god damn does it piss me off every time
It’s crazy how much of a difference we play when big Ben calls the plays versus when he doesn’t.
Hey these passes are working. Let's run a draw play 3x in a row.
"Halftime adjustments:
1) Let Ben draw plays in the dirt again
2) Don’t suck"
"Wow, they simply won’t call DPI’s"
Boswell baby what is you doin.
Sometimes it just takes a few wacks to get Ben going.  Kinda like an old TV
Queue the 2nd half knee brace.......pleeease
Ben’s blood has got to be more than 75% painkiller at this point
Not only did Ben will his team to a TD while injured he used the injury to bait the cowboys.   They thought he was going to continue to get it out quick and he used that to bait the double move.   Unreal.
"Things we learned, Rudolph is still bad."
That's the most pittsburgh thing I could ever see.
How many injections is Ben gonna get at halftime...?
Boz misses an extra point. Misses a 54 yarder. Drills the 59 yarder. The man is good at redeeming himself
God I hope Ben is ok... I can’t handle Mason the red-faced QB again.
The missed kick told him exactly how to adjust.  The irony
Robo-Ben better walk outta that tunnel for the second half
How about in future games we deactivate Mason and activate Dobbs?
yay.. pissed off Ben coming out if the tunnel! GO TIME!
"Call me crazy, but having Bud and TJ play middle linebacker doesn’t seem like a super effective strategy"
Is our goal to allow a field goal on every drive?
That gimpy knee. Fuck off nancy
Anyone thinking this team was going 16-0 isn’t aware of how hard it is to go undefeated in the NFL. Add in the fact that our bye week got moved to so early in the season and you can see it’s fucking amazing that we got to 7-0. Now I’m not saying we won’t come back in the end here. I’m just saying maybe temper your expectations a little
A pissed off Big Ben.scary stuff
"3rd and 4, better bomb it. Sounds about right"
We trying to get Ben killed? We saw what their pass rush did to the eagles and it feels like we completely didn't prepare
Just 4 safeties and we are back in this game
"tony romo: can you believe it if this is the game they lose?

all Steelers fans: yes"
"Honestly... I'm not saying we're gonna lose yet, but if y'all didn't expect this game to go this way, you ain't been watching Steelers football for the last 20 years"
We HAVE to find a way to resign juju. Just have to.
Why the heck did half the line not stand up for that kick!?
I thought you couldn't push off the blockers to try to jump the line?
I though you couldn’t jump the snapper anymore
Special Teams can fuck off
Should’ve just stayed in the endzone
WHY DID HE RUN IT OUT
I'm fucking hyped but Minkah you got to take a knee there.  20 yards of field position and now we're backed up.
Minkah and Juju doing it by their fucking selves
This is the drive for our offense to show we are 7-0. Can't go 3 in out right now.
As hard as I've been on this team for today it's hard to win more than 7 or 8 games when you're undefeated. Still. There's no reason for this to be a heart attack game against such a bad team.
Pick 6 from our D please
I thought you couldn’t jump over the snapper on field goals?
Can we please not allow a 14 play Gilbert led scoring drive
Why do the Steelers to this to us???
I can't get over Romo saying that was a good call to not kick the FG
TJ BEING HELD BY HIS F’n NECK!
I need to train my dog to dial an ambulance just in case I happen to be watching one of these games with no one else in the house.
"Never had a doubt, let’s fucking go"
"Yo, Bengals fan here. Boswell is elite. Someone please rewind their DVR and find the clip of Mike Tomlin pointing at and congratulating Boswell after he hit the 59 yarder and broke ya'lls franchise record."
Ma$on scans the field from the pocket like me looking to buy my wife the right tampons at Giant Eagle
"If we lose this game, alot of it is on Fichtner. This offense is pathetic. 9 points on a 2-6 team."
[deleted]
Should of been a flag for Holding    😒
"How DARE that inferior team score on us first?

We must enact absolute punishment in response to these inappropriate actions!"
I just want Ben to yell back “NO” the next time a screen is called
randy fichtner is shit
"Imagine coming out as a big road favorite and just not completely sucking shit every single time.  

It must be nice."
This offense runs a whole lot better when it isn’t hamstrung by Rustbelt Randy
CBS shows all look universally terrible.  Always.
Ben needs to trade helmets with Kam Canaday or Sean Davis or something so he can’t hear Fichtner anymore
25 yards in the first quarter against Dallas’ practice squad defense. I mean sure I guess because me being frustrated means “I’m NoT a StEeLeRs FaN”
Touching moment guys. This is my son's first trap game. He doesn't understand why we are playing so badly. They grow up so fast.
Today is god damn birthday and I want is to stay undefeated. Let's go dammit!
"-	has success passing
-	call two consecutive run plays for no gain"
Slow starts are frustrating as fuck
"Seriously, absolutely fuck Keith Butler. TJ needs to give him a good slap."
Actually insane that this team has had so many weapons on offense this decade and can’t find a decent coordinator
Why do games like this happen every goddamn season man lol
"2 scores down to a team with a scrub QB. If you’re a pro, you’re embarrassed"
Someone just unplug Randy's headset and tell Ben he can have first crack at the buffet afterwards if we win and we'll be fine..
Let Ben cook it up meth lab style
FUCKIN PI
Did the cowboys just unlock mid season injured ben? Hope he is good. That sucks.
"How are these pass interferences not being called. Oh yeah, they're not being committed by the Steelers"
"Now you've unleashed injured Ben, you fucked up Dallas"
"And that's what happens when you let Ben call the plays and not Fichtner. 

I'll say it again, fire Fichtner."
Guys I fucking love Ben Roethlisberger
Missed PAT indoors? You got to be fucking me
Good thing we learned from last season and invested in a good backup QB
We really could have used our regularly scheduled bye two weeks ago. Thanks Titans
Oh. I didn't miss Rudolph
This is what life without Ben looks like
How could anyone forget how bad Mason is... you watched last season right
Mason Rudolph on my tv is giving me PTSD
Mason Rudolph spends his off-season training with Limas Sweed
This game is a meme
"BOZ ! See, 54 yds was too short a field"
The false start was a strategic move
Was that really a franchise record long FG?!
Let me miss this PAT and kick a 59 yarder-Boswell probably.
"Ahh...the strategic false start to kick a longer field goal after missing a shorter field goal.

Just like they drew it up."
good job on Boswell there since he got iced like three times lmao
How can the the cowboys have a 4th or 5th qb that can throw a ball but the steelers can’t find a second stringer that can zip it. Mason floats it w zero power. He sucks. Put dobbs in.
"I've been searching Twitter for updates on Ben. I found this from Burt Lauten the  Pittsburgh Steelers Director of Communications. Hope he's right

[https://twitter.com/SteelersPRBurt/status/1325572772022587392](https://twitter.com/SteelersPRBurt/status/1325572772022587392)

 [\#Steelers](https://twitter.com/hashtag/Steelers?src=hashtag_click) QB Ben Roethlisberger sustained a knee injury and was taken to the locker room prior to halftime to be further evaluated. He is expected to return in the second half."
Cowher still one of us
They said Ben is expected to return
Remember to thank the Titans for fucking up our Bye. Still a lot of season left to play.
This cowboys team is pretty good. Especially that Brady guy
Being down 1 possession at this time isn't bad given how this game has played out. Now it's on Ben and the offense to answer.
"This is where the O starts doing Pittsburgh things, let’s fucking go!  About to be 8 and 0."
Like where the fuck is our offensive line today?
Big al almost got him killed
"Honestly, Baltimore was less painful to watch at this point last week."
3rd and 4: try to chuck it for 35 yards when we haven't hit on a deep ball all game. Big brain Fichtner
This is the laziest tackling I've seen all season
Can’t wait for us to come out and run 2x then chuck it deep
"Outside of the fumble, Dallas has had a long drive & points on almost every drive."
"""Can you believe if this is the game that they lose?""

Literally every Steelers fan called it."
Juju is the answer.
"I dont give a fuck how ugly it is.

A win is a win. We got this."
Canaday has been getting blown the fuck up off the snap
Juju and Ben are the only ones on offense who came to play
I truly don’t understand how that’s not leverage?
I wish I could be as shit at my job as Danny Smith and not have to worry about being fired. Leave his ass in Dallas.
Minkah Fitzpatrick the goat 🐐
Wish they'd just kneel in the endzone for the touchback on those.
almost shit all over the floor when that flag came out oh my god
I have worn a jersey for every win this season. Today I didn’t wear one for whatever reason. I put one on right before the interception by Fitzpatrick. I’m so sorry everyone. Won’t happen again.
Tony who gives a fuck if it was open handed
Wish we had 2 more points rn
Really missing those two XPs right now.
At least we have a return guy that can hang onto the ball.
EAT OUR DICK DALLAS
"Would it really be a steelers game if our blood pressure and heart rates weren't elevated x3, with our assholes clenched, drenched in sweat, watching our defense save the game yet again?"
Steelers football and heart palpitations. Name a more iconic duo.
Oh mama I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law...
"#YES YOU OVERREACTED WHEN WE WERE DOWN.

ITS OK I FORGIVE YOU. Same time next week?"
lol if steelers lose tomlin bout to get lit up
Why do 15 out of the 16 games every year have to be heart attacks?
Pittsburg Dad is gonna need CPR
A field goal sure would be nice right now
Dumbass decision Tomlin. Thank you Minkah for the win
Best use of a first round pick ever
tf we really gotta do better so these games dont come down to the final play all the time.
**I CANT TAKE ANYMORE OF THESE GAMES** THIS TEAM WILL BE THE END OF ME
And here I was looking forward to a stress-free Sunday.
Why leave the endzone??
CATCH THE BALL DAMMIT
"Romo, king of understatements.  Cowboys get away with a little bit of a hold."
I know that probably could’ve been a penalty but I’d like to see Claypool go get that ball
Highsmith first sack
My goodness some of you! Lol!!
Pathetic
Now this is Steelers football 😎
You have to love that run play on 2nd and 14. Truly astounding play calling.
No idea why this team gets complacent against teams like this. It’s absolutely ridiculous
Run run pass punt. That sounds like a Randy special 🤣
"Every week I bitch about Fitchner and every week he continues to deliver sub-par offensive playcalling. We have all this young talent and it feels wasted for so much of every game.

Glad to see we're back to our predictable run run pass."
Worst 1st quarter of the season
Can we just let Ben call the plays? Donate fat fuck Randy's paycheck to something
Romo reading this shit like a book.
"Running on 2nd and long has a massive gap (compared to passing) in terms of EPA. The Steelers have done it twice on two drives (with Benny Snell no-less) and punted two plays later each time.

Only six teams in the NFL run less often than the Steelers in that spot, and three of them have mobile QBs which clouds the numbers. 

I'm not overstating it when I say that specific play-calling tendency is one of the biggest thing that stands in the way of Steelers' offensive consistency."
supposed to be the easiest team to run on in the league right?
Zeke looks stoned out of his mind on the sideline.
8 completions in a row into 3 straight runs for a yard and a hald
Somehow a 4th string QB is secretly Lamar and Brady combined
"THIS IS STEELER FOOTBALL!
(If your new, welcome to the trap game)"
About to go down 10-0 to the cowboys looking bad in the process.
"Haven’t scored in 110 minutes of game time, 4th choice QB who is starting his first game. Yeah I don’t know why I didn’t see this first half coming. 

Hopefully we can make some adjustments soon to counter this."
"I'm not worried about the outcome yet, but I hope these guys are thoroughly ashamed of themselves."
"All the veteran Steelers fans are just vibing, we freak out in the second half if shit hits the fan"
"Damn, much respect to Dallas for that. Holy shit"
Do we want to play today or what?
"Broncos fan here, ya'll are not gonna lose to the cowboys so chill..."
That was a long ass commercial Amazon lol
"Dallas - Stacks Box  


Steelers - Lets run up the middle"
Ben’s calling plays and we’re moving. Who woulda thought that??
After this two minute warning I want a quick TD strike to Claypool or Juju. Make it happen
 FLAG ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Didn't know you can tackle someone like that before the ball arrives.
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME WITH THAT NO CALL??!?!?
What the actual fuck is going on with the missed calls Jesus Christ. That was a fucking mugging on Chase and that was a huge fucking miss on that hit on Ben
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN BEN STARTS CALLING PLAYS LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Ok that drive convinced me that randy sucks and Ben needs to be the oc
Boz has been demoted to boz demigod
"Ya know, other teams get roughing the passer calls for a lot less than that double-sided hit Ben took. But it’s Ben and the Steelers, so we don’t get those calls"
"A wounded animal is the most dangerous, especially when its cornered. *Big* mistake, Dallas, you should have killed him"
How is mason still so unprepared
Just practicing for that 59yd kick.
Best false start of all time
Boz missed from 54 but hits 59 lmaooo
ok boswell you can get back to town nvm
[deleted]
"That’ll do Boz, that’ll do."
Well that's a career long I believe.
"I am sorry I doubted you, Bosgod. Please don't forsake me"
Longest FG in Steeler’s history!
"Please for the love of god, let Ben be okay"
BOSGOD
"The ice your own kicker with a false start so he gets an extra practice kick, just like they drew it up."
"11/10 level iq play there. Knowing your kicker is going to miss so you intentionally false start.

Next level stuff."
Please just let Ben's knee be okay. Please
"If Pittsburgh was a Pokémon;

Ability - Slow Start"
Cowher restraining himself very well from punching that dude while he smack talking the Steeler's
"If they’re letting Ben back in, they ought to put a brace on that knee."
Why are Watt and Dupree getting matched up against Cooper and Lamb
8-0 looked so easy but now it looks like an un-needed battle to the death.
"All things considered we've given up one shitty TD and then a FG off a big special teams play and this FG. 

Need the offense to show up."
ok ben. get a TD now. for reals.
Play calling continues to be garbage. No doubt it was making Rudolph even worse.
Are the refs actually going to call PI in the 2nd half?
We only needed FOUR effing yards. Not 40!
"Dallas: 6m fg drive 

Steelers: 3 and out."
3rd&4 doesnt mean bomb it 40 yards
Well at least Berry is doing well.
really need to start throwing the check downs
"Jesus, that was a massive hit on Ben

Fucking hell, I’ll be disappointed but I’ll take a loss if we leave this game fully healthy"
How can we manage to always make bum quarterbacks look like Jesus in his prime
3rd and long? Sure let them just easily run it
They're leading us by 10 min in ToP precisely because we can't stop the rush worth a shit.
Thank God McCarthy is a pussy and kicked the FG
Defense is gassed. Can’t keep up. Tackling is garbage.
"Steelers look severely outcoached today. Who knows, maybe the loss of a bye week is catching up to them but the effort and game plan is pathetic so far."
This isn’t a clunker against a 6-10 team this is an embarrassment against what barely can be considered an NFL roster. Super Bow caliber teams don’t have games like this.
C'mon. Need some audibles to throw their rookies off.
Bens MVP run starts right now
Juju has been open all day but have been wasted by all the deep throws. Glad they finally see he is getting open
JUJU was the whole drive good shit
CAN THEY NOT PROTECT THE KICK???
That’s when you know it’s just not your night lol
Boosting on the long snapper is illegal isn't it?
FFS what are our ST doing today.
"Seriously, did everyone forget how to tackle in the last week??"
should've kneeled that one
"THANK YOU MINKAH, VERY COOL"
Kinda wish he hadn't run it out lol.
Minkah Pickpatrick.
"“Oh it wasn’t a punch” ... yeah, his arm was just swinging for no reason 🙄"
All I know is that the villain in football movies had neck pads.
Claypool was open too!!! Dammit man
Those fucking extra points
We should be up 1 right now
We need a count on how many balls Ben has had knocked down at the line this season. It's like an astronomical amount.
KICK THE BALL OUT PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
Watt sack coming followed by Watt interception coming.
It’s time for a TJ watt strip sack.
Mongo like tackle
"ok ben, do this. you got this. youre a hall of famer. this is what you do."
21-19 is the final
Now all we have to do is keep a 4th string QB out of the endzone and it seems like a fucking impossibility lmao.
Apparently you gotta game plan for Gilbert.  Who knew?
Oh great... zone defense time
Bend don't break. Bend don't break. Bend don't break.
I honestly want to know what happens when we game plan against bad opponents.
"Oh mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law"
Sometimes the Steelers play like a drunk person who's trying to demonstrate they are not drunk
We're gonna win on a pick in the endzone with like 2 seconds left because that's how things work 🤷‍♂️
CAM HEYWARD IS MY DAD
"Ugly win. But please remember, the Chiefs barely beat the Panthers 33-31 today. All NFL teams (good and bad) are still NFL caliber teams. The difference is that the best teams always find a way to win."
WHY THE FUCK DIDNT YOU KICK A FIELD GOAL
Serious question.  Why didn’t the Steelers just kick the field goal and go up by 8?
Why didn’t they just kick a fucking field goal?
"Oh man, theres that feeling again"
HOW DO YOU NOT GO FOR A FG
I know Boswell has been ass today but u kick the FG and you’re up 8
In no world do you not kick a field goal there
Why the fuck didn’t we kick a FG 💀
Why didn't they kick the fucking field goal!!!!!!!
If they steal this Tomlin losing a lot of goodwill.
Whatever happens. Not kicking it was a bad call. 8 point lead gives you some leeway. Boz missee it were in the same situation
ONCE MORE D. ONCE MORE
Steelers taking YEARS OFF OF MY LIFE
2 weeks in a row... Minkah with the game saving deflection. He had himself a big game today.
Why does this team want to kill me in my mid 20s?
Rudolph throwing with the velocity I throw tennis balls to my dog in the back yard
Nothing would be more Steelering than beating the ravens only to lose to the Dallas Cowboys.
Damn after one drive y’all kill me 😂
I swear Ben acts like he’s hurt to fake teams out then he starts dropping dimes. Big brain Ben
"Y’all really have no faith. Bunch of knee jerk reactions instead of looking at the big picture. Down by 4 into the half is nothing. Even if Rudolph stays in he’s got more experience than Gilbert with a wide array of weapons and the top defense in the league at his back.

Tomlin is king of 2nd half adjustments. Just...chill."
PSA: You can't decline a false start as the play should have been dead before the clock starts.
Anyone else upset seeing someone run around wearing 99 and it's not Brett Keisel?
"What. A. Fucking. Trainwreck. 

DALLAS HAD ONLY PUNTED ONCE. WITH A FOURTH STRING QB. this is why the chiefs got rated ahead of us."
"Gameday meal: Chili paneer and gobi manchurian, Indo-Chinese fried rice, and flatbread with paneer"
3 beers in at the bar.  LETS GO!!!!
"plz, for the love of god, DON'T FUCKING PLAY DOWN to the cowboys. just play your game with no injuries and GTFO"
"Jesus, can I wear sunglasses kicking in that direction?"
"Highsmith making splash plays already, love to see it!"
 TJ has the fastest time off the line I’ve ever seen
The 2nd down play call. What a bold call.
STEELERING IN PROGRESS
Run run short pass.  Absolutely brilliant fitchner
"Ok it’s hard to be mad on a macro level at a team that’s 7-0, but this is an absolutely pathetic start"
Even Dionte Johnson looked at fitchner like wtf is this on that drive
Ben for OC 2020
Omg these yinzers want to fire a coach/coaches off of a 7-0 team.
McCarthy has like 4 chins it's kind of impressive
That was really superb discipline from the Dline and LBs. Very good awareness to be able to tell they were just trying to draw them off.
for everyone that didn't notice on that punt return with Haden returning the defense was on the field. I guess in case the Cowboys tried to do something funky on 4th & inches
Zeke looks like a fucking Ewok
I’m not a RB but sometimes I feel like they need to just keep R-ing instead of wiggling all around
Someone remind Fichtner that James Conner exists
Man this run game is worrying Oline losing big time
"6'5 240lb QB with a yard to go.

Let's go in shotgun rather than sneak it."
I miss Jerome Bettis
Mondeux is fucking trash
"Classic trap game

Fichtner apologists all over this sub most predictable play calling in the NFL. Without a HoF QB operating it our offense was anemic since Randy’s playbook is dogshit. Even with a HoF QB operating it, its hit or miss"
They are literally playing with us. This game is everything I expected.
[deleted]
Looking forward for halftime adjustments because that’s embarrassing right now
"Huh, looks like Dallas got MVP Vick in disguise as their QB"
You can tell these guys walked in to the stadium thinking this would be any easy win
I really hope this isn’t going to be another Steelers special against a fucking shit team
Why can this 4th string QB execute long drives but our team can’t?
This thread is always so depressing
"I really didn't want to believe this would be a trap game. 

How do you look this bad against a 3rd stringer"
STOP PUTTING WATT IN COVERAGE
Must be our annual “play down to the opponent” game
So we keep covering WRs with LB huh?
WHY THE FUCK IS WATT ON FUCKING LAMB
Why is Watt given that assignment?
What THE FUCK defense is this? Are you fucking serious?
TJ Watt covering a WR on third down.
Why the fuck is tj on ceedee
Playing down to losing teams. Classic Steelers.
Why the hell do you have tj watt covering and not pass rushing. I honestly don’t understand
Why can’t this team ever address the basic problem or thinking they can beat bad teams by just showing up and not being prepared against them?
Someone help me explain how we aren’t even blitzing and yet we leave a dude wide open in the end zone. Make it make sense.
"3 attempts to get 1 yard and we can't get it.

Our running game really is garbage"
Why the fucking fuck is TJ Watt on Lamb instead of breaking havok on the OL
Are they still people defending this play calling? It's just funny at this point. I am so fucking disappointed so far. It doesn't matter being 7-0 or 0-7. This game preparation is terrible so far.
what a shitshow
the epitome of Steelers football baby
Can’t be mad at that play. Dallas showed up to play and so far we haven’t
Getting out played and outsmarted. I’m pissed off.
everybody in here acting like they expected different...this is a steelers special
You know what. Fair play on that punt return. Shows a good use of a trick play unlike we are used to when we call fake punts etc.
I know we are notoriously a second half team but Jesus
TRAP GAME.  Fuck me.  We are playing like HORSE SHIT
We are being outplayed in all 3 phasea
Ok guys. This upcoming drive is THE drive.
on the plus side Berry is absolutely boomin' the ball
Welp time for another run run pass 3 and out
I still think we win. But this was predictable. And we can put to bed the idea for the time being that we are as good as the Chiefs. And it doesn’t matter right now anyway. What matters is who is better at the end of the year. And clearly we have a lot of room for improvement which is actually a very nice thing to say about a team that is 7-0
"0 points in a half is UNACCEPTABLE, no matter who you’re playing, let alone one of the worst defenses in the league"
If for our offense to be functional Ben has to make up plays in the huddle then Randy Fitchner isn’t being effective
let’s just let 2 minute ben be 60 minute ben instead and have randy take a vacation
"No PI.

No hands to face on the DT.

Are there refs?"
Lmao.....wait what? That isn't PI?
Everyone knows that hurt Ben is best Ben
Great job Ebron
Ben’s gonna have the Aaron Rodgers  post  game interview: “MY KNEE”
We needed that touchdown but the cost on Ben's health this drive is too much
"Ben starts calling the shit he knows he can do with a tweaked knee

Randy exits the picture

TD"
Boswell bruh come on
Jesus Christ Boz
See flair.
Ben and Boz secretly swapped knees during replay
Let’s fucking go Ben. Way to be fucking tough.
"So healthy Ben is trash, but 1 legged Ben is the goat..."
Ben plays the best when he's a little banged up
Pump fake = automatic TD
I’ll take hobbled Big Ben over Mason any day.
I wasn't nervous until now. If we end up with Rudolph second half we are most likely fucked
Fuck... I do not want Mason in there
"I love all of yinz, but calm down. 1.) This is Steelers football, so it’s not over till it’s over and 2.) it’s going to be fine even if we lose. We’re still a great team. I’d rather lose this game than lose Ben or have another starter out."
" **If the ref's make the correct and obvious pass interference call on the claypool long pass, Ben doesn't take that hit and injure his knee on the next play.**"
Rudolph looks like he’s lobbing horseshoes instead of a football
Dear god Rudolph sucks.
Active dobbs next week pls
Dobbs could've at least scrambled and made a play.
We really need Ben to be ok...
Who got their online PHD and wanna early diagnose this bitch
Ok time to sign fitzmagic
Is it too late for Fitzmagic?
Haha... 59 yard attempt shot now
watch Boz make the 60yd fg now LOL
Luckiest false start ever.
"BOZ FUCKING GOD

HAVE MY KIDS"
Bozgod wanted a challenge.
Not gonna lie I’m fucking stunned he made it from that far lol
Boswell fucking redeemed himself holy shit
BOZDEMPTION
Tactical false start
"Of course Boswell gets a 59 yard field goal, congrats to him"
Just hope bens knee is good
"Great job, Wizard of Boz!!

Now really, is Ben okay? Because we need him so bad."
Is ben ok?
"Rudolph still trash then, good good"
"I actually like Dobbs better than Mason. Dobbs has a way stronger arm. Mason throws ducks, no pun intended."
Steelers seem to stalk their prey for a while ...then strike. No half heroes
Everyone! Lend Big Ben's knees your energy!!
Don't usually get on Randy but his play calling has been sus this first half
He’s backkkkkk
I love Ben’s willingness to play through injuries but he is going to have a shitty retirement. Dude has broken and torn everything.
I hate how moody this team makes me lol. Guess I’ll watch a drive or two and see what happens. Hope Ben isn’t trying to play through anything serious
"&#x200B;

It is a proven fact.   The more beat up Roethlisberger gets, the better he plays...."
am i stupid or did romo just say that cooper had a juicy ass
Why haven’t we utilized the new LB at all? I thought he was good in the run
I’m glad Minkah stayed home on that play
Feels like the d has no sense of urgency
Stop dropping Dupree and watt in coverage!!!!! Fuck me
Lmao. Getting absolutely destroyed by a 2-6 team with a fourth string qb playing in his first game.
Let us not forget this very good Cowboys team is fighting for first place in their division. No shame in having to struggle against them.
Finally Bud. Nice
"All y’all who were talking shit before this game knowing full and well the Steelers love a good trap game. You did this to us

/s"
"Cowboys in their last three games combined = 22 points 
Cowboys today = 16 points in 2.3 quarters"
"Last thing we need is Ben getting knocked around more, just let him call what he sees"
I bet randy called every play on that drive
"3rd and short, better bomb it out."
"Wide open Conner down low. Instead, take a terrible hit and throw a shit pass."
Villanueva needs help he’s gonna get Ben killed
Ben’s gonna be sore tomorrow.
Anyone who is at all surprised at this performance must be new here
Is Ben really the only thing keeping Randy employed here?
How many times can we have a LB guard a WR??
Are we playing against Tom Brady? What the fuck is this??
How do all these 3rd stringers always turn into tom brady against us?
Getting absolutely carved up by an AAF QB is such a Steelers thing to do lmao
My boss is a cowboys fan and he was expecting the worst for this game but I told him don’t worry the Steelers will find a way to disappoint me
None of us were joking when we said last week that we would make this guy look like Brady.
The effort isn't there.  Dallas wants it more.  Frankly they deserve it.  Gotta show every week.
"Cam sutton scared to make the tackle smh. Besides Haden the Corners playing scary, make the tackle. Missing Hilton right now."
It's so easy for them. They are doing whatever they want with us making zero adjustments.
I’m not sure if the offense or the defense should be more embarrassed. Just pathetic.
"We’re playing a 4th string QB yes but remember butler is a Moron. Nothing but zone, constantly dropping Dupree and watt in coverage and getting zero pass rush"
"Wow. So they can’t score AND they give up 6:15 in one possession. 

Not looking good. Our D is not good against the run anymore."
"While I do like Watson as a QB, he is a terrible actor and that AWS commercial is unwatchable."
"It’s like this team doesn’t even care about the one seed. They talk about how the super bowl is the goal and yet they play down to every opponent. 

The defense has been completely exposed by this point. It’s not good enough without Bush"
"Dallas studied our game plan and we kept it the same because we underestimated them. We studied their game plan and they changed it. Even if we win, this game is obnoxious."
God damn I want Dallas to choke. Bring the game back already.
Sigh. Shooting themselves in the foot.
Steelers aren't even trying anymore
God bless Juju man
I think we haven’t won a ball game in Cowboys Stadium yet. Correct me if I’m wrong.
Niiiiice juju. Okay D time to step up
"For the 4th Quarter, Let’s stop playing like Clark Kent and put on our Superman outfit."
Juju cannot be a cap casualty next year. /thread
"Yet another game where once JuJu is targeted, the tides turn."
He walked right through the center
Special teams today🗑
"0% Boswell’s fault.  The first one was on him, but that defender waltzed in and Bos had no shot"
Do we have a special teams coach? Or are we just winging it?
Just kick the ball out of the back of the end zone you dumb fucks.
I feel like we ask this almost every game... How does Danny Smith still have a job? He’s never been anything more than average and pretty consistently a breakdown awful game once a month.
FUCK THIS SPECIAL TEAM PLAY. They are cost us this game.
"Give me a competitive loss, I'm cool with that.  But we get this shit all the time."
fuck zeke and fuck this gilbert guy. jam their dick into the dirt
Minkah ffs go down for the touchback
"&#x200B;

Minkah Fitzpatrick so goood!!!"
M I N K A H
Minkah doing a lot lately
Shoulda stayed in the end zone.
Bout time for a 98 yard maple TD
Why didn’t he fall in the end zone? Adrenaline?
Another Juju 97 yard td?
Dear baby Jesus in a tux let the good guys got get a  TD
Where’s the guy who said fire tomlin and cut Minkah?
Juju 90 yd td?
So that was a -19 yard return for Minkah
"Come on Steelers. You gotta pull through, Cowboys have the worst defense in the NFL. Don’t let the Cowboys win ffs"
"I swear, there are people on this sub who downvote any comment that mentions the name Cowher. Even if something completely innocuous and factual like “Bill Cowher was the coach like time Pittsburgh and Dallas played in the Super Bowl.” It’s as if they think even acknowledging that we had a coach prior to Mike Tomlin is somehow a criticism of Tomlin. Like that scene in the Lion King when Scar lost his shit over people saying the name Mufasa."
Wheeeew we got lucky there
You would never know Claypool was a rookie by the way he runs his mouth out there.
I LOVE REFBAL
Really wish we had made that extra point
Defense needs to stand up and destroy
We should be winning. Thanks to special teams gaffes
Man claypool was WIDE on that 2nd down
That papadia looks gross
Defense is going to be crucial this drive
"TJ with 3 deflections today? 

TJ SWATT"
SACK THIS FOURTH STRING REJECT.
Great now someone MAKE A GODDAMN PLAY
Everybody take this commercial break for a breather and get your heart ready for anything.
Their 4th stringer is a million times better than Rudolph
"On one hand, we’re in a great position to take the lead and win. On the other hand, this game has been ass"
Feed Juju!
THIS MIGHT JUST BE A RENEGADE MOMENT COMING UP
We are getting bailed the fuck out this game
Didn't expect that from Ebron
Ebron is a monster
Fuck. Of course we don’t get the 2.
"Fuck OK, this is all defense now."
"*chuckles*

I'm in danger"
Quick shout out to the refs.
"Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life
From the long arm of the law
Lawman has put an end to my running
And I'm so far from my home
Oh Mama, I can hear you a crying
And you're so scared and all alone
Hangman is coming down from the gallows
And I don't have very long"
LETS GO DEFENSE
Defense still playing soft.  We are getting burned in zone and man-2-man.
Getting destroyed in fantasy. I'll gladly take the L if it gives us a W against the cowboys.
Really wish we had those PATs
"Two types of fans in the world-

Me: twirling my terrible towel in the living room screaming at the tv

My wife: sitting quietly on the couch with her terrible towel over her head and eyes cause she can’t watch this haha"
TJ Watt is the true DPOY. It might not show in every stat
CAMMMMMMMM!!!!!! Let's goooooo!!!!!
I would just love to have one sunday where i can relax and have a nice blowout
You could almost hear Cam say “I aint losing this shit” as he went through the line.
Very concerning to be this close to a 2-6 team
WHY TF DO YOU GO FOR IT
Wtf Tomlin. Wtf
No field goal to make it an eight point lead? wow
Why not kick the FG and go up 8?
What the actual fuck. What. The. Actual. Fuck.
Yeesh... and now not kicking the field goal is a big issue after 1 play
"A field goal makes it an 8 point lead, they'd need a TD and 2 point just to push OT. Why the hell did we not do that?"
[deleted]
"Absolutely awful decision. Kick the field, go up 8, and take more time off the clock with the kickoff."
Holding on tj lol
Lol if we lose this is all on coaching
DONT STOP THE COUNT
Like... What the fuck guys... This was supposed to be a second bye week.
Lol Minkah there again wow
"&#x200B;

Steelers stay unbeaten!!

Win 24-19"
"I gotta say, everyone (anouncers and other fans) pretending this is shocking. You could see we were gonns do this from a mile away"
Minkah!!!
SAME EXACT PLAY AS LAST WEEK WITH FITZPATRICK
"GAME BALL TO MINKAH, HOLY DEJA VU"
My heart needs a bye week
Can the refs call a hold??? That guy nearly killed TJ
I hope this means 2 weeks from now we're going to slaughter the Jags since we've now had our trap game.
The toll on my heart these past 3 sundays.  Might need to visit the docs
I just want to point out that I still want to pick up/draft a real Ben replacement. The idea that if Ben goes down and we're stuck with Rudolph/Dobbs after the amazing season we've had thus far is scary af.
Ben's deep ball has been off all year
If this drive doesn’t show that Randy needs firing idk what anything means - Ben is doing everything himself... on ONE LEG
I went pee and missed the TD. Guess I’ll just listen to the rest of the game from the bathroom.
This game thread is a dumpster fire of negativity already. We have the best team in the league but a real shitshow of a fanbase at times.
WE’RE ALREADY IN THE 4TH? STOP THE COUNT!
If this sub coached our team we would be 0-7
Got to catch that
Bro you gotta catch that
Catch that bro
Claypool should’ve had that one. Not on Ben
Claypool has to catch that
As long as that stuff is called evenly I'm okay with it.
"I hate this damn Allstate ad. I keep thinking it's gonna be Inception related, it's not, I'm disappointed, fuck you Allstate."
"Interviewer: What went into the decision in making Gilbert the starter?

McCarthy: I just thought about which guy I would miss the least."
Fuck I forgot to play Renegade before the game. It’s my fault. I was doing homework. I’m so sorry. Do I play it now or what?!?
This thread does not believe in the power of positive thinking.
"With that LB Alex Highsmith sack, Pittsburgh has registered at least 1.0 in 65 consecutive games, which is the longest active streak in the NFL. The 65-game streak is the longest in regular-season franchise history..."
Fucking conservative I see
Stop. With. The. Shit. Play. Calling.
WE GOT AN UPDATE
Fucking annoying play calling
Steelering intensifies...
Fucking hate randy sphincter
Can Ben just go hurry up in the first quarter?
So um can I start to worry now?
"I wonder how long it's going to take Randy and the two time to break down this... formidable...Cowboys... defense...?

Like if we fire Randy does the two time walk away or something? Is that why he has to be here?"
Can Ben call the plays?
Colquitt's not doing that.
Randy you fucking donut
"These ""run backwards 7 yards and dump the pass off 3 yards and loose 4 yards"" plays need burned out of the playbook."
"That ad for irregular heartbeats was literally made for Steelers fans, it had to have been"
"I hate how our playcalling just feels like guessing every week. How do we not have a plan to attack one of the worst defenses in the league? Getting stuffed two drives in a row the start, a little embarrassing"
Tuitt just like casually pushed that lineman out of the way and walked up to tackle the running back.
So when do we turn the D loose to brutalize an AAF QB?
I swear if we lose to the fucking cowboys...
"eTrade: If this is your idea of ______

Me: Well it is now."
OMG YOURE TELLING ME WHEN WE ARE AGGRESSIVE AND PASS WE MOVE THE BALL?!?! IM SHOCKED...
McFarland as a third down back?? Why??
Offensive line is getting no push
Why are they having so much trouble running against a team with a piss poor run defense? You're crazy if you tell me this isn't a trap game.
"I'm all for getting McFarland some plays but you have to have you best players on the field until its out of reach. 

3 and 4th andt 1 and you don't have Conner out there?"
McCarthy: Alright they'll punt it here an- why is the offense still out there? Time-out! Time-out! They'll actually go for it!! Time-out!!!
Only Randy Fichtner could be out-coached by Mike Nolan.
Why are we incapable of dominating? It's honestly inexcusable.
Offense weak as fuck again. It’s a legit problem right now. Since the 2Q of titans game they’ve put together like 5 solid looking drives.
I've seen this trap game coming weeks in advance.
Fuck Mondeaux
"Same failed run 3 plays in a row. We have so many pieces on offense that we can be creative with, WTF Fichtner??"
Get Mondeaux’s bum ass outta the game
I dont want to see us run the ball with anyone but connor
What a waste of a half
I am straight up not having a good time
"Hey, can we play like an undefeated team now please?"
"Typical steeler football. Play down to a team who should be 1-6. Fucking dumb. Something has to change with this offense, and not like the D is doing us any favors"
So we put our best rush defender on a burner of a WR??
TJ Watt guarding CeeDee Lamb??
Their O line seems to be getting away with an awful lot of holding so far
Watt should not have been on Lamb
THEY CANT SCORE AGAINT THE EAGLES OR THE FUCKING FOOTBALL TEAM BUT THEY SCORE AGAINST OUR LEAGUE BEST DEFENSE WHAT THE FUCK
I said to take TJ out of coverage after Gilbert ran to his side of the field the first time he was in coverage. Next time he’s in coverage they put him on CeeDee for a TD lol. Butler is a fucking idiot I swear.
"We play to the team against us. No wonder why we are playing horribly, it’s Dallas."
Maybe they'll wake the fuck up now
This is pathetic
3rd and 7 you gotta make sure your best pass-rusher is in coverage on a receiver.
"Crazy idea, on 3rd down let's rush the passer with the best pass rusher in the game, rather than have him be one on one with their fastest wide reciever"
Meh. We're a comeback team.
This game is making my hangover worse
Coaching staff clearly treated this like a bye week and thought they could fart their way to a win.
"The offense starting off slow more often than not needs to be fucking addressed

Whether it’s play calling or tempo, I don’t know. If Ben is that much better calling is own plays, just fucking let him."
WHERE THE FUCK IS CONNER
Spent all week looking at memes of our record instead of watching film or preparing.
I'm just here for the over reactions.
Why the fuck is our best pass rusher covering a wide receiver?
Ok the fun is over. Get your heads in the game.
Ahhh wondered when the annual “fire everyone” game would come.
"If yinz seriously didn't expect this to happen, you haven't been watching Steeler football for the past 10 years. 

Typical trap game, just substitute ""browns"" for ""cowboys"". It'll come down to the wire like always."
Can Ben just say fuck Fichtner and go off script now please.
IF YOU DONT LOVE THIS THEN YOU DONT LOVE STEELERS FOOTBALL
That's a better throw than any of the ones Roethlisberger has made today.
what in the blue flaming fuck are we doing?
I mean that was a sick play lol
Can’t wait to go down 17-0 and then do run -> run -> 2 yard pass
Randy got the perfect run run dump off ready to go
What a fucking embarrassment. No life out there at all.
That one was all luck. STOP PLAYING PADDED ZONE YOU FUCKING COCKSUCKER. this is all on Butler and Fictner
Got to score on our possession
Why can't we just beat the Cowboys? What is it about this fucking team
Imagine this is the game where Berry actually punts well for once and we fucking blow it
I’m almost more afraid of random backup QBs than I am of Mahomes and Lamar
Lol I’m not hating and keeping it 100. We will not win shit in the playoffs if we are this fucking conservative. It’s like the playcalling is for a rookie who is playing his first NFL game.
Don't forget that Dallas will get the ball to start the 2nd half. This could be a 3 possession game pretty soon.
"Ahhh....

The classic slow start to a shit team and a nobody at qb....

One of these games...

Fucking great"
"I truly do not understand how Tomlin can see how well this offense plays when BEN IS CALLING THE PLAYS and how effecient they are, and then just give play calling duties back to Randy. Let Randy draw up the plays, let Ben call them."
The long throws just aren't there this season
Pulling his jersey the whole way
Tony romo hates us and its obvious
so apparently you can hold receivers now and it is just fine? fuck these refs in the ass with a rusty rake
Pouncey is GARBAGE today. he's getting DESTROYED all game
Why the fuck isn't that a penalty?!
I don’t need this random cowboys equipment manager arguing for an incomplete call lmao
Ben a gangster lol
"Ben playing better with 1 leg.

Wtf"
The lighting in that stadium sucks ass
Ebron coming in clutch on third down.
"Holy shit, it's like we have a HOF QB with how many passes we keep completing.

Someone tell Randy...."
THATS MY FUCKING QUARTERBACK!!!
"Ben 2 minute >>>

Classic"
Finally all it took was hurt ben
Robotic Ben activated
Amazing when Ben is hurt they start calling smart pass plays and stop with whatever the fuck they were doing before.
BIG SHIT FROM BIG BEN
Bosgod is now just Boswell
"That’s what happens when Ben is calling the plays.


But also:


Oh god..."
no boz no
I'm worried he's done for the rest of the game after watching that locker room walk.
Of course we miss the PAT
Boz misses and Ben goes to the locker room
Locker room? Hopefully nothing serious. I certainly hope he didn’t pull a Carson Wentz in 2018 and go out for the year to score one TD
And a missed XP. We always do that too in these trap games. It’s really weird that it even effects our kicking game as well.
"People on this sub will legit say Fichtner had any hand in making that drive work.

Hey, the truth is: he didn't."
"Pissed off or hurt Ben is always so methodical. If he stays in, we can expect a few more TD's"
You know we are about to get a turnover and see Mason in the game to end the half... because that would be perfect irony for them working out that bruise on Ben early.
"Sorry KIA, that was a 180. Once you land, any further spinning is irrelevant."
I really hope Ben is ok. I don’t think we’re gonna manage with out him
"2 yard passes are back in the menu boys


It's the only thing on the menu"
Minkah.  Master of being in the right place at the right time.  And that’s awesome.
Ma$on lucky as hell that wasn't a pick jfc
Just run it up the middle and call timeout. I have no faith in this turd.
I hope Big Ben is okay and can come back to the game
"Yeah, fuck you Rudolph."
Trap game
the absolute wad of gum from the steelers specials team coach (i forgot his name lol)
HOLY SHIT
WIZARD OF FUCKING BOZ
Sorry Boswell I take it back
Sometimes penalties are a friend
That false start gave Boz an idea to where he needed to aim. All part of the master plan
"No more punting, field goal every 4th down."
Lmao Boswell just had to get warmed up
Maybe we should just false start every extra point and let him kick from 55+ indoors.
LETS FUCKING GO HAHA thanks for the false start
BOZ DOES NOT MISS THREE TIMES IN A ROW
Boz gotta buy Cam dinner now.
Oh ye of little faith in the BosGod!
"Bosgod giveth, and bosgod taketh away"
You're forgiven Christopher.
Come on half-time adjustments! I love me some Pittsburgh half-time adjustments!
Man Rudolph sucks ass
Let’s all just appreciate the BOZGOD
Can someone perform the lachman test on Ben please! Where is our PT at?!?!
somehow we are only down by 4 pts. hopefully big ben is alright and we can get this dub
Can we just give dobbs masons uniform
"dont care about anything, Ben needs to come back"
"Ok so I’ve calmed down and I think Ben went to the locker room early for a brace or injection, and did not expect to get the ball back. It will be fine."
I’d Ben is out I’d want to see Dobbs next week. I thought he was better than Rudolph
"I’d rather lose this game than bring back Ben if he’s not 100%. That being said, pls be ok ben"
"A) why does everyone think Ben is done this game. He went to the locker room early because there was only a minute left in the had and every minute counts when it comes to pain management.

B) I dunno if you guys are watching the r/nfl game thread, but so many people don't understand the rules on a false start."
They just said that Ben is coming back.
Big Ben revenge tour incoming
"It doesn’t matter what the opponent record is. Steelers will almost always play close games, win or lose."
He doesn’t even have a limp. LETS GO
Ben walking back onto the field
Big Ben: what knee?
" Ben’s angry, cowboys don’t like him when he’s angry."
“Minor Injury” Ben about to take this game to the next level.
Looks like it was just a tweak. No limp and he's not wearing a brace either. Thank god. Now let's stop being cute and put these cowgirls away
I’d rather have Dobbs as the backup over Mason. At least you get a different look with a mobile qb
Nice play by Minkah there
Minka gonna rip that dudes leg out
We are looking porous af
"To be fair, Dallas is coming off of their 4th consecutive bye week."
Did Romo just say “you see the juicy ass”
Gilbert just stared death in the face there
This is the Steelers defense huh? Getting torched by a 4th stringer from the AAF
How many Steelers does it take to bring down a second string RB
"This is the trap game, isn’t it@?"
I don't want to see this D vs KC
We are literally lining LBs up in man coverage on WRs on the majority of plays. Not zone mismatches.
[deleted]
Their oline is doing a really good job....
"Why aren’t they blitzing this guy every play and putting pressure on him? He’s a fourth stringer, let’s see him perform under pressure"
Cowboys are just playing a very clean game. They had the one turnover but other than that nothing of significance. I don’t even think they have a penalty besides an offsetting one
We keep playing one too many linebackers
21 point second half incoming
Bens comming out in a leather gimp suit
Don't worry guys I changed sweatshirts.
"The STEELERS always start slow this season for whatever reason.

We still got this!"
Remember gimp ben is the best ben.
TD to tie it and then go from there
"those 1 yard drag routes

what are they expecting there, that's not even a short passing = run game play"
3&4. Time for a long pass
"I hate this fucking stadium, going all the way back to Super Bowl 45. Have we ever won here?"
What the actual fuck are these playcalls
Another god damn 3 and out
3rd and 4 bomb
"I'm in pain too, Ben. I'm in pain too."
#Does Ben need to bring out the boot?
Well that drive was underwhelming as fuck...
"Man, I was hoping I could just chill, do some cleaning and casually watch the game.

But now I am glued and will be surprised if we can win this. We look like garbage in every phase except special teams Bc of Boz FG and Berry punting pretty good."
Has Dallas punted yet? Maybe once?
I am NOT having fun
this is what i thought derrick henry would do to us
Wtf was that tackle
They've already run for over 100 against us. Man I miss Alualu and Hilton.
A field goal here ends it. Our offense has been so bad they won’t overcome a 2 possession game.
We are getting fucking embarrassed by a fourth string QB. Let that sink in guys. We are also against one of the worst defenses in the league.
This game is increasingly unpleasant to watch
Get in his fucking way and make a god damn stop Sutton!
We’re so lucky that they’re just taking FGs and essentially keeping us in it
We ain’t deserve this one guys.
Shades of Ryan mallet fucking kill me
Even if we win this doesn't look good at all. Talk about getting exposed
Dude even if we come back and win...this is fucking pathetic
Ok ben. Gunslinger time.
Thank God McCarthy has no balls
Why are they seemingly so consistently bad against teams with losing records?  What is up with this shit?
Dallas has had the ball 10 more minutes than the Steelers. So maybe. MAYBE. The Steelers have 3 drives left. I don’t think they score on 2 of them.
"We've been relying on talent to bail out our dumbshit coordinators the past decade, this is what happens"
I honestly think its time to move on from ben the league has to many dynamic qbs if we had a Justin Herbert we could easily beat the cheifs our defense is just gassed from carrying us
"Claypool is a rookie, but still. You gotta catch those"
JuJu is fucking money. Cash fucking money.
CHOO CHOO SMITH SCHUSTER 🚂🚂🚂
"Ok JUJU!!!

Let’s Go!"
Juju is putting this team on his back
Juju better get the game ball this week
IN JUJU WE TRUST
Defense please please please just stop Dallas.
Juju's back baby
Juju ate that drive. You love to see it.
All my friends hate #94 on the Cowboys
Nice call taking the penalty yards on the kickoff
Those two points may come back to bite us
You can’t really blame Boz for that. The long snapper was asleep at the wheel there
How is that not leverage?
Instead of 3 we need 7 again ...we love self imposed pressure
"He jumped the long snapper, what the actual fuck? Where’s the flag?"
"He pushed off the snappers back??? What am I missing here, why is there no flag"
Imagine blaming boz for that PAT
Imagine blowing out a team you’re supposed to blow out ool
Hope Bos doesn't get his kickoff blocked
Everyone on special teams needs to lose their jobs
Fire Danny Smith
Steelers putting the special in special teams
"1 thing goes right, 50 others go wrong lol"
Wow thats how you take the wind out of our sails
Ok let’s fucking pull it together now
Gg steelers losing to pitiful cowgirls after beating almighty ravens week before. Who could've predicted that ?
“Best defense”
Why are we getting killed by a fucking 2-6 team?
D/st is taking the week off
This is fucking crap
Just kick it out of the endzone. ANOTHER points causes by the ST.
Just quit now
Could we not zoom in on someone's eye
One team thinks they should win. One team wants to win
Why not just take the touchback?
Minkah you should have stayed in but fucking interception when we needed it!
MINKAH FITZ-CLUTCH
well at least we got the interception i guess?
Ben to juju for 97??? They’re due
Minkah is the best thing to happen to the steelers since big ben. what a fucking impact he has had in one and a half years
Jujus due for 95+ yard td
We do good when I have the game off...so do I turn it back on after that pick to watch.
Minkha was a neck gaiter guy even before COVID. OG.
"Ok, time to prove their metal.  Shake things off and put together a 98-yard drive."
It is MIND BOGGLING to me that nfl wide receivers drop passes right to them
Might as well make ray ray the WR1
Please gimme a 86 yarder to Claypool or Juju.
"Wow, really? Ben’s never had a 99 yard TD drive? Deebo did that in one play."
Shout out to Dallas for giving up every penalty possible this drive
Eject him
Guys I'm gonna stick my head up my ass and hide under my bed. Lemme know when we're done. Thx
Refs are doing their best for us.
Jim Nantz has been consistently wrong jesus
No one blocking Crawford man.
PAT’s are actually gonna cost us this game
Could really use those two points right about now
We’d be up right now if it wasn’t for those damn meddling extra points
"Crawford made it across again, lucky we got that FG off. Our special teams is straight trash right now."
Let's see if our defense can hold. It's a one point game with time left.
My mom is a Cowboys fan and she's being absolutely insufferable
Steel Curtain time. Not Black and Gold Buttercream Cupcake time.
That Papa Johns ad just raised my cholesterol from looking at it
Maybe on this drive the Steelers won't play the Swiss cheese zone and the cowboys can't pick up 15 yards at a time.
That cheeseburger papadilla thing looks fucking vile
If there was ever a time for the D to force a 3 and out...
This team is going to destroy my liver
Defense getting another turnover here?!?!
Remember the time the Stillers make people have heart problems
1 stop..... please?
[deleted]
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Come on Ben, defense did their job. Let’s take this W

LFG"
Some respect for #99
FINA-FUCKING-LLY a stop
D did their job. Let’s finish it
"I am actively playing Renegade. Steelers, boys, act accordingly."
Connor take an early flight home or something?
Really appreciating the clutch refball here
Another lucky break for us
Saved by the refs.
Roughing the passer for Ben? Is this really happening?
LMAO this win is gonna feel like a loss
Ebron!!!!   That's a big guy to be hurdling people.
TOO MUCH TIME
"Welp, up to you defense. Again lol."
"Man.... now we aren’t gonna make our 25+ point streak 

/s"
"I have faith in the defense. I have faith in the defense. Maybe if we chant it, it shall come true"
Alexa play Renegade
NOW THE DEFENSE WILL FEAST. BUD OR TJ WILL STRIP SACK AND SEAL THE GAME
Claypool needs some serious work on catching still
"Fuck. Way too obvious on that read Big Ben.

We left too much time on the clock. If our defense can't get it done here then that's it."
Hold ‘em defense. They’re one dimensional now
LETS GO DEFENSE
Another INT please
defense take my energy!
After the catch is killing us
Keith Butler rn: okay guys let’s Not change a damn thing! Soft zone NO MATTER WHAT
Man we need tyson and hilton way more then anyone wants to admit
worst matchup of the season and somehow the most stressful game so far
Keith Butler is the guy you play in Madden that runs Cover 4 Show 2 on every single down
It's not a Steelers game if we aren't having heart attacks right?
"It ain’t over, I still have faith in our defense"
TJ WATT HAVE MY FUCKIN BABIES
This game took 10 years off my life
Nice. I knew this was a win the entire time.
"ez win, no doubts whatsoever"
This Garret kid is tough though. I can appreciate his game today.
I AM GOING TO IMPREGNATE MY WIFE WITH TWINS AND NAME THEM CAM AND TJ!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So probably that should have been a horse collar?
This fucking team lmao
Championship teams always find a way!
Kicking the FG would’ve so much more beneficial
Why don’t you just kick a FG there?
Tomlin is a fucking idiot.
What the fuck
KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL
Why didn’t we go for fg...up by 8???
Wait...we didn’t just kick the field goal?
"What the fuck I still don't understand not kicking a FG, someone please explain."
"I mean I can understand maybe being hesitant to kick the FG given the fact that some guy just gets clean through right up the middle every single time, but why is the alternative the slowest-developing running play in history? 

Like Randy, I need you to queue up a run where we run horizontally 8 yards before trying to get upfield."
Idiotic not to take the FG there. It’s almost like Tomlin was butthurt that the play to Claypool didn’t work and he stubbornly stuck to his guns.
"You can't coach scared, you have to trust your kicker and your blocking to make that kick to ice it"
A field goal should've been the playcall
Field goal wins game? Wtf
Kick the fucking field goal. Fuck that reasoning Romo gave.
this game should be over
This week has been the longest year of my life 😅
"They forgo the opportunity to make it an 8 point game, and then give up a thirty yard catch on first down. Jesus H. Christ"
"What was ""smart"" about not kicking the field goal?"
They’re just not gonna call false start on that RT are they
"Yeah, you have the possibility of blocking the FG but also consider: we can't run it on short downs."
Holy shit where's the holding call
Imagine if we were going to at worst case scenario go to OT *if* they scored a 2pt conversion
Where’s the hold on TJ!?
The most 2020 Steelers finish
This is some major Deja Vu... with two completely different quality of opponent lmao
No reason for this game to be this close
Didn't we see this last week?
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
ANDDDDDDDD STILLLLLLLL UNDEFEATEDDDD
"Minkah player of the game, god damn. Thank you so much."
same exact ending as last week. why do they do this to us!
God Minkah you beautiful son of a bitch
Being a Steelers fan has literally taken years off my life...
EVERY GAME WILL END IN A GOAL LINE PASS BAT DOWN
"Minkah again. That was ugly, but beats the alternative. 8-0"
"They said ""ya'll enjoyed the Ravens ending? Wanna see us do it again?"""
The most Steeler-est finish. Dishing out heart attacks and aneurysms
[deleted]
this team is keeping cardiologists open single handedly
Team of Destiny
[deleted]
The fact we have 0 points.... Against this defense... After a full quarter.... Is super concerning.
The fact some of you guys are saying “trap game” just shows we aren’t that good. I don’t give a shit you don’t play this bad against a team that’s 2-6 with their FOURTH stringer
[deleted]
this commercial is longer than any of our drives so far
Rudolph is not the future. Should’ve traded for a vet to sit behind Ben until we drafted his replacement. Mason can’t read a defense to save his life. Throwing out routes and check downs doesn’t win games
I’m not as worried of Rudolph playing as I am about Rudolph listening to Randy’s play calling
"well this all hinges on Ben coming out or not

that's the game"
see what happens when we don't drop Dupree back in coverage
It's pretty obvious now that Alualu is missed massively.
Let's not act like the officials are the cause here people......we all knew this was going to happen.
We could’ve been up by 8 and it wouldn’t have mattered if they scored a TD. Dumbest decision of the season to not take the FG.
"Our offense only does well when Ben calls the shots, please put Randy on thin ice"
"Guys guys hear me out.. I have magic doritos. Last week against the ravens we were doing shit until I started eating my delicious naco chips and our defense finally stepped up and we came back. This week were doing garbage, I grab my doritos in last resort and we score 2 TD. I WONT LET YALL DOWN!!!"
Y’all are some miserable motherfuckers
This is bad. The Steelers will never win another game in the history of their existence. Fire everyone and fold the franchise.
"Holding- defense

Hey awesome

Illegal formation offense

Aw man"
"If Ben isn't able to return, do we make ""fire Tomlin"" posts now? Or do we wait a few games?


/////////////////////s.  <------------------"
"Offense stop sucking

Defense stop sucking

Fucking dicks"
I'm worried these commentators are gonna choke on Dallas's cock soon
Was that not a tackle out of bounds?
God I hate that this game has to come down to this. But let's get it done. An ugly win is still a win.
"I really don’t want this to come down to the defense having to make a stop. They haven’t all day. Dallas has moved the ball with ease and only stalled in the red zone. Again, they’ve punted ONCE"
This has to be the least fun 8-0 team to watch ever
"Also, can Romo not openly root for his old team. That was terrible. Just a terrible as starting 2-6. How about them Cowboys?"
**CAPTAIN FIT FUCK**
"Ben ""Lamar Jackson"" Roethlisberger"
There’s the obligatory double coverage long ball
Calling a draw on 2nd and long should be a penalty
Bro how do u drop that
"mapletron gotta bring that one in, through both his hands and he short armed it a little"
"This is gonna come down to the last possession in the 4th, isn’t it..."
"Good no call, said no one ever."
[deleted]
I really hope we don’t make this 4th string QB look like Brady
Let’s go defense make some plays
"I feel like the Steelers game themselves out of competition sometimes. “Oh we watched last weeks footage, so let’s scheme like this to stop it.” Never accounting for the other team to address weaknesses. Just come out and play standard Steeler ball! No gimmicks, just normal schemes and force them to work around us. Now we just chase our tails. This game should be an easy win, and I think by the end of it, we will all relax. But these trap games are LEGIT"
Nelson you gotta run towards Zeke my guy. You can’t wait for him to run past the first down marker
Who's surprised? Anyone?
If we lose my friend who’s a cowboys fan is gonna talk so much crap to me lol
I don’t like the way this game feels.
You cannot stop Garrett Gilbert. You can only hope to contain him.
Hey this is our bye go easy now
There's the first of many sacks today
Gilbert yelling at Cooper already? Lol
Run run pass punt
what’s with all these run plays?
Great play calling lol
the spread worked all of last week and we’re back to shitty screens gotta love it
I think I'll come back  for the second half.
Some great play calling to start off!!
Let's just let ben call plays again
God a 3 and out 🤮
Shut up tony romo
It’s fucking ridiculous that we all knew they’d look like this and they still do
Awful playcalling
Fuck Randy Fichtner
Let's get Ben some empty sets and let him call the plays for a bit shall we
It feels like the steelers do this shit on purpose
"FROM NOW ON, THATS HOW YOU PUNT BERRY!!!"
Love me a Steelers screen on 3rd and 16. (inhales and exhales)Reminds me of home.
"Screen, run, 2 yard pass. I hate when we get cute"
"Lmao I fucking knew as soon as Cooper caught that first catch we were gonna lay an egg. It’s alright, we’ll get it going."
"I know it gets said all the time, but Ben should really call the offensive plays, with Randy acting as an advisor. This offense looks anemic at times."
"Dude, what the fuck. How do we keep doing this shit YEAR AFTER FUCKING YEAR?!"
Throw the ball past the chains.  And don’t wait until 3rd down to try it.
Imagine thinking we can compete in a shootout with KC
Lol this dude is a one read QB. He should not be looking good.
Well that was a fucking awful quarter. Of course I expected the 7-0 Steelers to beat a depleted Cowboys team but so far we don’t look like we want this game.
"Imagine running on 2nd and long often enough that it’s a tendency that teams can prepare for.

How is Randy Fitchner still in gainful employment?"
Joe Haden returning punts thats interesting
Why Haden?
Haden? Hm interesting
"Ah, Haden was back cause Steelers had D on the field when Cowboys made that late switch"
You know it's bad when we can so clearly tell that Ben has taken over playcalling
"I hope McFarland is just gettin snaps because they want to

Haven't seen anything about Conner"
Did we have Haden catch a punt as a bit lol
Where is Connor? Wtf?
Why run it again
Conner may have had the 1st down on the pass and would have gotten it twice on the runs.
They need to just forget about draws. Why can't we put a blocker in the backfield?
Boswell was booting 60 yarders in warmups. Why are we not kicking this
"If Conner is hurt, they haven’t said a damn thing yet."
I swear all these crime shows are the same. The commercials put me to sleep
Is Conner hurt?
PUT A FULLBACK IN THE FUCKING BACKFIELD YOU STUPID CUNTS
That's fucking disgusting garbage
"Jesus Christ, wtf we had 5 straight completions and can’t get a yard running it up the gut 3 times"
HEY YOU KNOW HOW THEY'VE STUFFED EVERY FUCKING DRAW. LET'S RUN MORE DRAWS. SOMEONE HIRE A SNIPER TO FUCKING ICE RANDY PLEASE.
Andddd still no push
Trap game
Dude fuck Fichtner
WHAT THE FUCK
Lol always playing down to a team that they should be massacring. Classic Steelers.
Fichtner blows
Fuck randy Fichtner
3 draws for 1 yard. Let’s do it again Randy. Just let Ben call the plays.
99 is awful
It didn't work the first two fucking times so why the FUCK did you run it the 3rd? God someone needs smacked upside the head.
Of course Mondeaux would fail
"I’m shocked Mondeaux let somebody run right past him. Shocked, I tell you."
Getting ran on by a 5th string QB
Are we playing against Lamar??
How are letting fucking Garrett Gilbert run the ball
If we could stop running the ball out of gun on obvious run plays...That would be great....
We could stop Lamar from running but not Gabbert?
We always suck against the Cowboys no matter how bad they are and it’s infuriating
Why can’t we play full games ever
Missing Hilton so much
I see we have decided to play to our opponents level today.
99 is the worst player on our team
"With reaction times like that, TJ Watt might have a career in drag racing after football"
Pathetic. Absolutely fucking embarrassing.
Can we all double check that we are doing the same game-day traditions that we did last week? One of you is fucking up our win karma.
Ok we're far enough into this game that I'm starting to get worried
I knew the Steelers would underestimate Garrett Gilbert.
Mahomes is going to fuck us into oblivion
Bruh the false start was obvious there
Lmaooo and now we have to climb out of a hole
"Our offense is consistently, measurably worse when Fichtner is calling plays than when Ben is doing it at the line. How much longer do we need to see it for?"
I’m so embarrassed rn
Lmao TJ Watt on Lamb. Big brain Butler
This is....truly pathetic
False. Start. X2
trap game trap game
Do not put TJ on a wide receiver
Our secondary is bad bad.
Lmao. It’s expected. Offense non existent for 8 quarters now and and the defense getting embarrassed by a fourth string qb.
Why is Watt in coverage so much? Every time he is in coverage the edge is never set.
"Well done boys, somehow making the Cowboys look like the undefeated team.

Truly impressive how we can fuck this up, even by Steeler standards."
"“Make him beat us with his arm”
“Puts a DE on Ceedee lamb”"
"I had low hopes coming into this game. Third road game, after Ten/Bal, bad team. Had trap all over it. 

But didn’t think it’d be this bad."
"This is such a fucking joke. Every Steelers fan who’s been watching this team for the last decade knew this shit was coming. Every analyst who hasn’t, that -13.5 made sense.  This is fuckin disgraceful."
time for some more predictable plays hell yea
"Just once I'd like this team to just absolutely destroy another team. I don't care that were 7-0. We are not better than the Chiefs if our offense can't be consistent enough, especially if we meet Kansas in the playoffs."
Run run pass
This has to be a joke
Thank God for the block in the back
Great offensive gameplan. I mean truly what a fucking great job by this coaching staff to prepare this 7-0 team against a 2-6 one.
Guys if we already lost just leave the gdt lol
"Falcons fan here, is it okay if I cheer for y'all today since I don't care for the Cowboys and their millions of Bandwagon fans like Lebron James  and other celebs that are only fans of theirs because of the Cowboys 1990s teams."
Bros...this is straight up bad lmfao
"That was a great play by Dallas. No matter what you want to say, that was a ballsy call."
Yeah this is headed in a very wrong direction. Steelers are literally not winning a single part of the game.
Cowboys playing like its 2016.  Steelers playing like its 2019.
"I warned you all that we would blow this 

We are"
The Standart is the Standart.
"Lol, this is the Cowboys' super bowl and the Steelers are still in the locker room."
Why can’t every game be like the Cleveland game last month
Just need a Ben turnover to end the half
We aren't gonna score this half.
"the secondary is not communicating at all

they didn't pass that off 2 guys go with the 1 receiver"
ray ray return td manifesting it
"Man I never thought I'd say this but at least with Todd fucking Haley this offense could put up points. Get rid of Randy, let Ben call the plays. This is said almost every fucking damn week. This is absolutely pathetic that this offense continues to do jack shit in the first half of games. Fuck OFF"
Everyone needs to step the fuck up
Open up the Steelers offense. Stop being so conservative.
"Nice stadium design, let’s put huge gaps in the building to blind the players with the sun."
"Can someone smarter than me explain why Ben doesn't just no huddle the offense all game?

Fichtner is so uninspiring as a play caller"
wE DoNT pLAy DoWn To tEAmS..... THatS jUsT A MyTH....
Fichtner needs to be on the unemployment line. How does he keep this job with anemic performances every single week?
We need the absolute hell beat out of us if we want to be competitive whatsoever later in the season/playoffs. This team is way too complacent.
this instrumental version of The Show Must Go On by Queen is actually pretty awesome
This is fucking embarrassing.  Even if we come back and win this game this seriously hurts our reputation since it's on national television.
Only passing plays from now on please
DJ looks like AB out there with his quick shimmy cuts
Now we are picking up some steam. Is Ben calling the plays now?
Sometimes I think Ben and Randy don’t even talk before games
Deep breaths guys. It’s still early and we’re holding them to 3s on mistakes. Have faith.
"We're never going to get a flag today, are we.."
So first half play calling has been shit... again.
Hurt Ben activated
Defensive PI and roughing the passer on back to back plays. Fuck these refs.
The hilarious reality that I would take one-legged Ben over Mason or Duck 10/10 times...
the need to go to shotgun might save this drive
I see some urgency with that Big Ben hit.
Everyone worried about Ben must not have seen him play injured. He’s gonna put up 500 yards and 5 TDs
Hurt Ben is the best Ben
There we go. Think the injury woke up the team honestly
I think they gave Ben that Eskimo water from The Waterboy
"Steelers had all of Ben's lower body joints replaced by bionic parts years ago.

You'll never convince me otherwise."
Fuck. Even Boswells sucks today.
"What the fuuuuck, Boswell?"
this game is fucked
everything sucks
Hurt Ben is best Ben
You choose now boz?
"The defense is not the problem. 10 points in a half? Not counting the 3 that came from a botched ST effort. You take that. 

The offense scoring 6 in 29 minutes? Fucking problem."
Now shut up
Was Ben calling the plays on that drive?
#GET THE INJURY BOOT OF DOOM!
"Oops, Boz"
jesus christ boswell
Of course he misses the extra point
Boz bb wyd?
Ben will be ight
"I’d take a loss, go to 7-1 WITH Ben rather than go 8-0 and NOT have Ben"
Fuck the fucking cowboys
"Pour some tussin on it, let it get into the knee"
"Fuck, let’s hope it’s nothing serious.  That hit Ben took looked bad."
That missed extra point has officially retired the Killer B’s
I don't understand why we don't let Ben cook... We've been moving when he throws... Cowboys are stopping the run
Come ooooon. That miss is fucking huge.
Bring out THE BOOT
P’s and T’s Ben is alright.  I can’t watch Mason play QB again.
Boswell too used to shaping his shots to account for wind at outdoor stadiums
That's disappointing but Boswell has been absolute money this whole year. Just how the ball has been rolling today. It's not our day
"Welcome to the trap game, enjoy your stay"
I think Ben is really hurt this time guys
fuck here comes Rudolph.....
Tony Romo should not be allowed to call a Cowboys game
Minkah Fitzpatrick!!!!
fuck I hope rudolph has a redemption
I’ll shit my pants if Rudolph scores
Damn. Wish we had Ben this drive.
Captain Fat Fuck we NEED you
Glad our defense is always there to make big plays.
I missed those 1.5yd per attempt from Rudolph
i just got back to the TV why is mason in the game
Oh my GOD I dont miss last year
An offset penalty is a win for Dallas. It chews 20 seconds off the clock and just results in a mulligan.
Run the ball and timeout holy shit. This pass is gonna get extended to 0.
Glad Dallas called that timeout. Think it would have been delay of game.
Why is Pittsburgh’s backup worse than the guy Dallas signed this week?
"Mason Rudolph, looking like Mason Rudolph."
"If Ben is out, that extra point could have been huge."
Boz god please
Just a dumb low percentage play with an awful QB. Why not just get sure yardage running the ball?
Make this and you are forgiven for the extra point miss sir
I wish this was like WWE and the lights went off and Ben came back out. BY GAWD THAT'S BIG BEN'S MUSIC
Redemption time Boz
"I just came back from dinner to see Rudolph tanking like it’s 2019, somebody please fill me in"
Boswell looks like he's in 10th grade
Does mason rudolph not have any arm strength? 38 year old Ben has more zip on his throws then mason does
Are we icing our own kicker
NAILED IT YES BOZ
Bosgod works in mysterious ways
BOZGAWD
Let's fucking go Boz
"Boswell taketh and Boswell giveth. Also, fuck our first half game plan"
Bosgod fucks
BOSGOD I NEVER DOUBTED YOU
Let’s fucking go 59 yarder
That was a fucking PERFECT kick! Congrats Boz
This is why you don't mail it in and take weeks off. Players get hurt.
I FORGIVE YOU BOZ
Boswell makes up for that missed extra point
"THATS WHY HE’S THE GOAT, THE GOOAT"
WhY nOt HaiL MaRy
BOZ GOD
"What a kick, hell yeah Boz"
Boswell!
At least Ben got some extra time in the locker room
"The wizard of Boz.

Praise be"
"Bosgod giveth, Bosgod taketh away.  But mostly giveth."
wait i thought it was illegal to leap the Oline on a FG?
I like to thing the false start was on purpose 😂
"Haha, rewarded for being terrible."
The velocity on Mason Rudolph’s throws is alarming.
Cam wanted to boost Boz’s confidence with the false start to make him kick a harder one. That’s a true leader right there
Ben can have both of my knees for all I care just please be ok
I really don’t want to watch lame ass Rudolph for the second half. Sure hope Ben is able to come back or we just do wildcat plays or something...idk
I can not do another round of Mason Rudolph
Why does Rudolph only float passes? Just bullet it
Yo I'm at the game. Any update on Ben?!?!
Stop dooming guys
Heart Attack Half coming up baby!!! Here We Go
He said “Just like 5G it just got real” 💀
Not even a brace on large Benjamin?
BEN WILL BE BACK
He’s walking back out!
The commentators during the half time show just said Ben will start the second half and just tweaked his knee.
Ben likes to be dramatic
Ben is the toughest QB in the league. That man is a tank!
"&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Ben iced up his knee and is good to go 👍"
come on defense. get us a stop
"I didn't think Tyson was such big part, last week and this week showing he is."
I really enjoyed the first 7 games. This one not so much
bruh if i see 99 in on one more play i swear to god
3rd and long. Please just play it safe and drop everyone into coverage
So no adjustments during half-time. Surprising.
I hope fichtner is out here taking notes because outside runs work better than inside runs.
Just shit my pants
"ok, boys, gut check time"
There is a lot of time left to flip this game around.  Stay positive
What are we doing? Where is our defense? How the hell is Dallas with a third string moving the chains?
I feel like we’re locked in on featuring Diontae today.
We are so ass lol
Maybe we’ll wake up in the 4th quarter once we’re down by two possessions
"another 3 and out 

Ben gets tagged again"
I am straight up not having a good time
Where the fuck is our line? Jesus. We are swiss cheese letting them fuck up ben
Yeah they're gonna lose to this trash ass team. Like wtf.
Lol ... damn AV
I am so fucking sick of those plays on third and less than 5.
I feel like maybe we just go for the first down there.
Check down is wide open and Ben decides to sail it fifty yards into double coverage
Berry the best player on the field for the Steelers so far
I told you. OL is garbage today.
Is Randy calling the plays again??
Just don't see us winning this one. We're not there today
*manifesting that they play renegade in side att*
OL is getting beat in the trenches. Ben not getting enough time to work. I guess the Titans/Ravens games back to back have taken a toll on them.
The whining in here is extra special this week.  The team is on its third straight road game and had a week 4 bye.  We just need one big play to switch momentum.
3rd and 4 you say? They’ll be expecting the short play...HAIL MARY!
Can we force a 3 and out for once
Even if we win this game the media is gonna trash Ben
WTAF
Can we get one 3 and out?
Man it would be nice if we could stop them.
Can’t wait to sleep the next two weeks on the bengals and Jaguars too
Completely outcoached
They about to pop out a fumble
very considerate of the defense to give Ben plenty of time to rest
"We're beat up, tired, and on our third straight road game. All of this shows."
this game hurts us bad no matter what. This is crazy.
"No-one has shown up today.

Just a piece of cake for Dallas"
I'm beginning to think this defense is suspect
"This team feels different in a bad way since the Titans game. I'm hoping this is just a rough patch and they right it by the end of the season.

I'd be okay with losing against the Cowboys if we can figure it out by the Thanksgiving game."
I can't recall a time that we've looked this weak on both sides of the ball.  Just can't get anything going our way.
"Their O-line is playing really well, sadly."
Watt and spilane on lamb......fire butler
They play like fucking pussies omg
Make a fucking stop
It's really cool that we keep lining LBs up to cover their extremely talented WRs.
"10 years later and Mike Tomlin vs Mike McCarthy, in this building, is still not a good thing."
I'm disgusted by how little pressure we've been able to generate. They have backup fucking linemen.
How many times do you guys think Keith Butler is gonna put linebackers on receivers? I’m thinking 60 billion times.
Blitz on every play. Not like they got much to lose at this point.
dunno how you go from top 3 defense in the league to what looks like bottom 5 in one week.
We make Lamar struggle but Gilbert Grape is tearing us apart
Our cheeks are getting clapped by a 4th string AAF QB
Literally just whiffing on tackles. Absolutely unacceptable.
SON OF A BITCH
What a flat performance these guys walked in too cocky
Score on our next possession or this is done
Death by a thousand cuts
"Tip to butler: figure out man mismatches. If you're too stupid to, then stop running man coverage every play"
This shit is embarrassing. Maybe it lights a fire and we stop being so fucking complacent.
WE NEED TO DINK AND DUNK THE FUCK OUT NO MORE DEEP SHOTS BECAUSE BEN CANT HIT THOSE
This is your reminder that Gilbert was used as a corner to cover Amari Cooper in practice and we’re making this scrub look like Joe Namath
Psh.  We got this.
LADS IM NOT FEELING GOOD ABOUT THIS ONE
Terrible coaching on both sides. What a joke. Such an embarrassment.
Why does a 10 point deficit seem insurmountable right now
Idk if I can have any faith left if this drive isn't a TD
20 yards. Biggest gain so far. Damn!
There you go Juju
Lead us to victory daddy Schuster.
I keep saying it and no one ever agrees but Juju is our best WR
when all else fails JuJu is the answer
I love Juju so much. So fucking clutch when we need him
Claypool you gotta make these fucking catches...
We absolutely need to extend Juju. The dude does exactly what we need him to when it matters.
Juju=hines ward 2.0
JUJU SMITH SCHUSTERRR
Injured Ben = DANGEROUS BEN
JUJU YOU DEMON LETS GO
"&#x200B;

Touchdown Steelers!!!!

&#x200B;

JuJu Smith-Schuster"
And the mail in ballots are coming in
"Juju saving this fucking game, what a player. Pay him all the money’s."
There’s the Steelers I was expecting
LETS GO JUJU
"Pump fake = TD, the ben special"
FUCKIN LOVE YOU JUJU
"Juju, Ben, Boswell and Washington are the only ones who wanna win apparently lol."
JuJu should be getting at least 15 passes thrown to him EVERY SINGLE GAME!  Makes no sense that he doesn’t
God damn it canaday
Juju built different
Should have went for 2 smh
Canaday is dog shit
Outclassed in special teams today
Lol man wtf
Are you fucking kidding me
That’s insane wtf should be down by 2
I have no words
Canaday wanna block?
Special teams bad
JUJU FOR  TOUCHDOWNS.
"My opponent in fantasy this week has Bosgod, so I have that going for me."
It should be 19-17
Oh FOR FUCKS SAKE
How is that legal?
idk why their special teams is blowing through our line so far this game
They are making up for no fans with twice the ads.
[deleted]
D is gonna get a 3 and out and we'll score another TD.
How are people blaming boz for that lol
Danny Smith is gonna be chewing a few extra pieces of gum over the next week. Special Teams has been atrocious tonight.
Special teams have been trash
Boswell needs to learn how to tackle from Pat McAffee
Just getting murdered on special teams
you can't make this shit up
this is so deflating
Of fucking course
Steelers haven’t done a damn thing right all game.
Heads need to fucking roll if we lose this. No excuse.
From here on out just kick the ball out of bounds it's clear this squad is outclassed on special teams
wtf is this game. I want to believe we are SB caliber and then we do shit like this.
Tomlin needs to clear house at the coordinator level. All three are holding this team back
"Can our defense fucking do anything?

I go to feed my dogs super quick after we get a blocked extra point again and they are knocking on the door of the red zone. 

Holy shit we're gonna fucking blow this huh?"
What the hell happened to our run defense
Special teams has cost us 2pts and 2 great returns
This game is so deflating Tom Brady is getting a 4 game suspension
Did we finally play a good team lol
Coaches are so bad
2 Special Team plays completely fucked us
"Lol undrafted rookie free agent shutting down this ""defense"""
It's obvious that we're missing Bush. Anyone know if Williamson is active?
How is our defense shitting the bed against one of the worst offenses in the league lead by a fucking fourth string QB in his first start? WTAF
Minkah!
LETS FUCKING GOOOO WE NEEDED THAT
well 90 yards to take the lead
[deleted]
98 yards to victory.
But he could take a knee right?
Have they called a single penalty on Dallas that has mattered?
Now we have to score. We can’t stop Dallas at all on offense and we need to force them to throw. Or something. But even that feels hard.
Thats our first round pick!!!
Don’t do that. Don’t give me hope.
Thank god for Fitzburgh
I’m sure Randy’s playcalling will be perfectly reasonable on this drive
I liked what Minkah did there only because he’s proven to house call consistently.  He’s got the Ed Reed green-light.
Tony Romo is so hard for the Cowboys.
Big Ben: FUCK IT DIONTAE DOWN THERE SOMEWHERE
We have to make a statement with this drive
A lot of people here forget how many games Brady's won by <3 points on trips to Superbowls
Saved by the fucking flag.
I LOVE REFBALL
Wow we got saved
Eject the bastard
Well that’s 2 calls that went our way lol
Get ejected
What the actual fuck is this game
This is too much stress from a 2-6 team. Where do I file a complaint?
WTF IS NANTZ TALKING ABOUT
Damn I'm sick of Romo
You’d think tony still plays for the cowboys
"It actually wasn't that bad.  He was trying to push away his hand, but from the other angle it looked like he was going for body"
"Is miami good at playing football?


Or is miami bad at playing football?"
That AZ-Miami game looks like a banger
Every snap announcer try to guess what bens doing and is wrong every time. Jus shut up dude
gotta go for it. since they arent calling the leaping shit.
I’m surprised how off the O is today
"Half quarter to go, also known as an eighth to go"
Alright down one let’s get a stop and win this game D
One or both of those extra points woulda been mighty useful
"This is where our D has to make a play, and not after Dallas goes into our redzone."
Time to put the clamps on em boys
BLOCK FUCKING CRAWFORD! How the fuck is he consistently jumping over?
Thank you. Holy fuck
Aight D had time to recoup let’s get a stand here!
come on defense. we need you to get that ball 1 more time.
Defense gonna have to come up with some more magic
This is the drive the defense can dictate what conversation we’re all having this week.
LET'S GO DEFENSE!!!
Oooooooh he said Redskins!
Make em punt once guys
I would have never expected us to only have 1 sack at this point in the game
Can the run D just look like it did two weeks ago for one drive? ONE DRIVE???
Finally MONDEAUX
The mandeauxlorian finally did something
Boswell FG to win it...
This is only their second punt
Lol second punt of the game. From a FOURTH STRING QB.
I wanna watch the game so bad but every time I turn it on bad shit happens. 😭
If we get a td we should go for 2 right?
This game has taken years off my life. But we are in good position to pull it out!
The luckiest flag EVER
Again the flag coming in clutch
Holy shit. The zebras are practically handing this to Pittsburgh. But also fuck you Dallas for taking cheap shots at our quarterback
Hit the QB in the head and it’s always been a penalty
I absolutely hate that rule but it is in fact a penalty and I'll take it
Holy shit. What a lucky break. Those first three plays were trash
It's crazy the refs have to help a team thats 7-0 against a team thats 2-5. Mindblown
THAT BOY DIONTAE MOVES LIKE JELLY ON A SUNDAY MORNING
you want the TD here
a lot of time left on the clock
HAHAHAHA OH SHIT! EBRON!
“LEAP FROG” EBRON
*Mario jumping sound*
Go for it
Ebron is my best friend.
BIG BOY EBRON
Let’s goooooooooo!!!!!! That’s typical steeler football right here.
THAT FUCKING HURDLE
Ebron!
Hopefully that doesn’t bite us in the ass
Alright defense it’s now or never
Too much time.  Don’t trust anyone right now.
Gotta scheme Juju open there. Today is not claypools day
Bababooey
Dallas had 3 timeouts it's not like we were going to run that whole time off
"&#x200B;

Roethlisberger has over 300 yards,  3 TDs  and  0 Interceptions       👍"
Lol getting PTSD from 2016
Anyone else just laughing hysterically about this game?
Mondeaux’s play can’t be overstated
My heart bro
Claypool needs to hit the Jugs machine tomorrow. I’m no NFL receiver but I think he needs to catch some of those
P U C K E R  T I M E
also watching this and the MIA/ARZ game side by side has been a trip.
We’ve played with fire to much this year
Couldnt give us a break this week. Has to be a nail biter. It's the steeler way.
Anyone else getting mad annoyed by tonight’s commentary or is it just me?
They have 3 great receivers. Don’t gamble on pressure too much. Focus on stopping their receivers. Cam and Tuitt can get pressure on their own. They’ve got 3 timeouts still. They don’t have to just go to the sideline
wasn't there a meme earlier in the week that basically called this???
Billcowherletsgo.gif
Anyone want to meet at the Doctors tomorrow?
Blitz him every snap.
GOD SHIT JOE
Game saving play by Haden
ONE MORE STOP
HEYWARD AND TUITT
"This play decided the game, let’s go"
Fucking finally!!!
Letsss gooooo cammmmm mmmyyy mannnnnn
LFGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
I HOPE I WASNT THE ONLY ONE PLAYING RENEGADE
CAMMMMMM! GOAT of sacks and false starts!
CAM MF HAYDEN
CAMMMMMMMM
Steel fucking curtain
**STEEL CURTAIN BABY**
I fucking love cam
RENEGADE!!!
EVERY FUCKING WEEK!
Shut your fat Mouth McCarthy
R E N A G A D E
I love this team but holy shit Im getting gray hair because of them and I’m only 21
"I knew we would win this game, this is normal Steeler football"
"AHHHH, I got it now. fichtner sets us up with horrible playcslling in first halves so this team gets used to working from behind for wins. I see what's going on here"
"I feel like Heyward is our best closer.  Watt is awesome, but I feel Heyward is the most likely to make the huge play on the last drive."
Imagine the dread of a 5th string QB getting spun around by Cam Heyward into a TJ Watt sack
"Does anyone know a sub where I can do a prehealth check-in before watching games? Just want to make sure I don't have a heart attack before the next one....

Thank you Dallas for winning this for us!"
This and last week’s game have been too stressful for my ass.
What was that
WHAT THE FUCK. KICK THE FIELD GOAL AND WIN.
Holy shit that was dumb
why didn't we just kick a field goal there?
Why not kick the damn fg?
I DONT KNOW ABOUT THAT I WOULDA LIKED AN EIGHT POINT GAME
That was dumb
Hahahahahaha I want to fucking die
If we were gonna go for it then why not take a timeout and carefully come up with a play
"Not only no field goal, but we go to the side.  W.t.f."
I love Connor but that play with him is retired would literally rather throw it
I can't believe Mike did that. What a total and complete idiot. Stupid fuck.
"Going for it seemed really dumb. And then after losing 3 yards, I realized it was really dumb."
There’s been horrible examples of end of game time management all year. I didn’t expect Tomlin to provide one. Kick the field goal!
"I don't get it
Just kick the FG, go up 8, let them score 6 AND the 2 pt conversion. That was the dumbest call in a long time."
Sunday and praying.  Thanks Steelers for always keeping me right on this day of the week.
Imma chew y’all out about taking shit on Tomlin in the post game thread watch
We should have iced this game twice.
come on D!!!! just pick it off and end this nightmare game
Not kicking the fg was the dumbest thing
Remember when we blew out the browns
missed holding call
Tomlin is great for TV ratings. Keeps other teams in the game until the very end. I'll give him that.
Just like last week.  Can we do it twice? Probably not.
I don’t agree at all with Romo. Take the points and go up by 8. You at least buy yourself room with the need for a 2 pt conversion
Omega hold on TJ
How do they not see holding on tj watt almost every play!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?
These last three games have been appropriate for the Steelers as they induce heart attacks.
Watt in the full nelson
Juju looking like Bart Simpson on the bench
Minkah!!!!
Minkah again!
EIGHT AND ZERO
LETS GOOO
We need to learn how to play better in the first half.  We are causing ourselves so much problems.  But good win.
8-0!!!!!
Jesus fucking Christ I can’t do this every week
This game literally took YEARS off my life
We almost lost to AAF legend Garret Gilbert
Another Minkah save!!!!!!
doctor woke me up after my heart attacks! 8-0!!!
"Cowboys make one play and everyone already believes all hope is gone. I'm out, see you guys after the Steelers win."
Now to watch the Steelers turn their QB into Tom Brady
Ben thought he could take an off day calling plays but Randy proves he’s too incompetent for even Dallas
The standard is the standard. We don’t prepare for teams with losing records and things of that nature. Obviously
Mason Rudolph is not the future
I can’t do another half season of Rudolph. I just can’t.
I think juju jinxed this game. He posted a TikTok of him dancing on the star before the game
Here comes fucking Garrett Marino again.
Alualu come back bb
How can JuJu have all this energy WiTh AlL hIs TiK tOkInG
What this game is truly about: Romo
"Why are you the way you are, Steelers?"
Butler is calling one of the worst games from a DC that I’ve ever seen. Just zero adjustments. An absolute fucking clown our coordinators are
Romo really been sucking the boys dick today and it's been annoying.
They jumped *again*
Can Steelers please score a TD so we don’t have to see another fg attempt?
If they can stop the ravens in this situation they should be able to stop the cowboys🤞🏻
Claypool's hands looking like clay bricks
So is this another “character building game”? I think it’s time to really address the inability to play a full 60 min game. It’ll catch up to us some game
Mason Rudolph was ranked 32/32 of qbs last year and we still refuse to find a replacement
"Reports coming in that the Cowboys are demanding the refs ""stop the count"" and not count any further touchdowns. They're officially declaring victory."
At least Biden won
"Also all of you hating on Tomlin this first drive, fuck out of here."
"Damn, 1 drive on each side and already bitching about Tomlin 

Y’all are something else lol"
OH NO WE'RE LOSING BY THREE FIRE TOMLIN WE SUCK SOOO BAD
This was the most predictable game in Steelers history
I don’t think this is shocking anyone. Coming off a game against Baltimore + always playing down to competition. Classic Steelers really
#HIRE TODD HALEY
The two top teams in the AFC got a little turbulence today.
Really hope we aren't stuck with Rudolph after Ben retires
"I feel like Rudolph isn’t even that bad, its fitchner’s bum play calling that really puts this team in bad spots"
"Ben expected to return for second half, per Lauten."
defense looking like shit rn
This defense will miss Dupree
"Good work D! You finally stopped a fourth string QB...

Well stopped him from getting a TD"
A DEEP BALL ON 3RD AND 4!!!!????
"Hey guys, our “number 1” defense hasn’t forced a 3 and out today"
“SmItH sHuStEr is washed” - some clown
Why did he take that out??
I’m so sick of Diontae dancing. Stick your fucking foot in the ground and go upfield
[deleted]
"Why not kick the fg make it an 8 point game? Why would you trust the offense? And even going for it, why run a fucking counter? My god"
"Imma need a bump of cocaine to come down off this game, y'all"
[deleted]
Man fuck the Colts. Can't get shit done. That interception call that went for the Ravens was a terrible call. Incomplete pass.
I dare these mf’ers to give alex smith CPOY over my guy
Damn colts shit the bed
Kinda pulling for the Panthers to come out on top against KC so we can be consensus #1
Plz don't play down steelers
I’m still nervous
"I am very nervous. Unsure why.

Let's be honest we all know why."
"How can the Cowboys win today? Just be the 1975 Bears.

Thanks Tony."
Ben best RB in afc north
Bruh fuck the deep ball.
I hate the deep sideline passes
"""Boy are they excited about dicks""

we know"
"There was contact, but that went right through Claypool's hands."
"Little hold, still gotta catch it with hands on it"
Claypool should have caught that
I am mentally preparing myself for this to be a stressful game but I expect us to destroy. Expect the best prepare for the worst
Still don't care for the dive and draw plays over and over again but relax guys lol this isn't a big deal yet at all.
So the defense needs a timeout in the first quarter against the cowboys PS offense? Fuck
"Yes, hit him low and toss him across the first. Well done!"
I didn’t know we needed Alualu so badly
"Wow, what an effin joke, Williams was held so obviously and no flags???"
"Y’all, the cowboys are excited and we aren’t. Give it some time."
Wow Alualu really must’ve been that important
"So, this might end up being *that* game"
  I guess they show up and play the second half this week.
we’re looking like dogshit so far lmao
"Yeah, I guess I will crack open a beer."
This guy reminds me of Brandon Weeden
Great coverage Bince
What's on the back of 🅱️ince's arms?
Can we get this redzone d the whole game please
now block the fg lol
No TD for you
tj just a hair away from causing that fumble.
Thank fuck for TJ watt
why doesn't that stadium have Blinds/Shades for those windows?
I understand everyone here wants us to demolish Cowboys w/o giving out any points but we just have to accept the fact that we rarely blow out anyone
"Even if they only got three that is a good drive for Dallas and a good start to the game for them. They chewed up a lot of clock time and came away with points. Dallas loses the game if they let Roethlisberger control it. But if they can keep this a low scoring, slow paced game that keeps the clock moving, they have a shot."
Y’all acting like we are losing 40-0
WTF IS THIS CONSERVATIVE BULLSHIT
"Just gotta say, when I first tuned in I was like ""Why the fuck are Steelers in black and gold?"" Then I remembered Dallas's home colors are white, then I felt like a huge dumbass"
16 yds to go? Let’s throw it behind the line of scrimmage... smh
What in the fuck
Lmao what is this offense these last several games. Didn’t look good 2nd half of titans. Was only ok last week. Now this? I know it’s early but it looks just as bad.
That punt was dope.
Our OC is no better than our punter
2nd and 14? Hand the ball to our 2nd string rb.... fucking lol
Good fuckin punt tho
"These plays are fucking garbage, what's with these piss ass short throws and rushing on 2nd and 14?"
Worst playcalling ever. Wtf was that?
Wow Berry looks much better. Although the dome probably helps.
Clutch punt
Lads I'm getting some ruff vibes here
"Hey Ben, you want to start calling plays again. Maybe have Dobbs draw up some ones you’d like too"
"Benny Snell Runs on 2nd and 10 and 2nd and 24.

Neither of those play calls is defensible, and both end up with a punt after a failed 3rd and long."
Our offensive coordinator is the issue and it’s not even a debate.
Berry holy damn bro
Not the best play calling
Great play calling so far.
Lmfao. Just lmfao. I’ve seen this shit before
I stand by my previous statement. We do not have an intermediate passing game
i dont feel like we are taking this team seriously.
Looks like this is play like ass first half and play fucking amazing second half kind of game...
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ DEFENSE TAKE MY ENERGY ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
I feel like randy wants to start every game bad on purpose.
It seems I prematurely shit talked Berry
This is 100% the start of the game I expected so I'm not even mad
This is why I’ve been nervous about this game.  Tomlin coached steeler teams against shit teams is always an adventure.  It’s only 3-0 so not a lot of panic yet but man if it isn’t trending towards it.
Out of all the games this is one I shouldn’t have to be stressed about.
Jesus fucking christ who’s calling the offense today? Big Ben’s 7 year old son?
Everyone freaking out until we get a turnover on D real quick.
"The defense rn is like ""oh so it's going to be one of *those* games"""
Ben's deep balls just havnt been there. We don't have a deep threat. I'd much rather take ben over anyone but man it sucks not to have it in our arsenal
"Honestly, garbage playcalling by randy so far.  I have faith it'll shape up."
id like a pick 6 here please.
Gilbert throws better than Lamar
If I’m McCarthy I go for this. You win this game by taking risks.
"Garret ""Peyton ""Tom ""Dan Marino"" Brady"" Manning"" Gilbert"
So when do we just promote Ben to OC?
They would have had it. Kind of dumb not to go for it.
"Tomlin: We purposefully looked like shit in the first quarter

Checkmate, Cowboys"
Fichtner fans will say we've scored 25+ in every game this year without acknowledging the fact that his specialty is 2 yard runs and screen passes.
"Joe Haden as the return man, interesting"
The play calling in that quarter sucked.
Haden for PR????? What????
Did something happen to Ray Ray?
Where is Ray Ray?
Anyone got any insight? Why would Haden be returning the punt? Ray-Ray’s okay right?
Steelers vs Cowboys and Fichtner
Why the fuck was Haden back there lmao?!
If I’m 2-6 there’s no chance in hell I’m punting right there.  Thanks Dallas.
"I think it’s pretty clear at this point that the Steelers are feeling out what the Cowboys are capable of on both sides of the ball. They are giving very simple vanilla looks on offense and defense and the Steelers simply haven’t turned up the volume yet. When we start seeing more creative looks then I’m sure the momentum will swing almost immediately. I agree with the majority of the sub that we should in fact be coming out swinging but quite simply put we are still in the drivers seat. Ride the wave, we’ll be fine"
"Damn, you guys see Johnson burn Diggs?"
McFarland looks like the 🥺 emoji in that picture
Haden probably is the returner when they go “safe” or are trying to be ready for a fake. He used to occasionally practice with the return team when we were at UF. Probably got the job by default.
3rd and short. time to throw it over the mountains.
Stop running the ball pls
"As a former Terp...

McFarland is only 5'8 what the fuck??"
Jesus Christ fuck off with this stupid ass play call
I'm guessing Conner is hurt....
Where's Conner lol?
Just terrible play calling today
This is so fucking embarrassing.
There's 0 urgancy from our sideline. Just playing backups. Playing down to our competition. It's so sad man.
Randy Fitchner go fuck yourself
Update from my last comment! Three consecutive runs with no gain after passing works!! Randy is calling plays again guys
Why are we so hell bent on running the fucking ball
"Running game isn't working at all, better run it on 4th down"
Ben goes 6/6 and we run it 3 times in a row
FIRE RANDY FICHTNER NOW I SWEAR
WE RAN THE SAME PLAY TWICE WHAT ARE WE DOING
Mondeux needs to wrap up
a run up the middle didn't work the first time lets try it again
99 is a bum.
Wtf are we doing?
Fichtner: Maybe if we run it up the middle three times it'll get two fucking yards? No? Fuck.
"1. Fuck Snell


2. Where are the fucking holding calls??"
Wtf. Come on. 3 shots to gain like a yard. And you're running the same play 3 straight times. Nice.
Why can’t we ever look like the better team against anyone
I usually talk about playcalling as well but the OL has been fucking garbage in the run today.
Mondeaux being on the field at all is a great of telling your opponent you have no real interest in winning the game.
We do not look like the better team right now.
Lmao
Ben take over playcalling again please
Fire randy sphincter
Fuck this shit
Fichnter holds this offense back so much
This gameplan is maddening.
"Insert ""Do Something"" meme here."
"I still have hope, but daaaamn we can’t do 4 quarters of offense or defense"
Maybe they realize we're playing a football game next drive
Good to see we overlooked the Cowboys
Can we play like an undefeated team for once??
"BUTLER, TAKE TJ WATT OUT OF COVERAGE YOU FUCKING IDIOT"
Guess I should’ve started the Dallas defense in fantasy
take mondeaux off the field please
Mondeaux needs to go back to Golden corral
This is a coaching issue. We’re obviously the far superior team and yet we’re playing exactly how they want us to.
Lmao. You truly have to laugh
Chiefs can handle the Jets easily but when it comes to us we look embarrassing. We aren't winning a super bowl.
This is embarrassingly embarrassing
Time to unleash hell
"I'll check in on this after halftime, maybe Ben will send Randy packing by then."
Maybe we'll do the opposite of what we usually do and instead give heart attacks in the first half and play mediocre before smashing 24 points past them in the 4th quarter
"Dallas barely had 10 in their last 3 games

lol"
That was pathetic
Why the F was Watt on Lamb
Wow...
Sucks that out talent bails out shitty coordinators
How the hell do we drop 8 and leave him that open in the end zone.
Great refereeing refs go fuck yourselves
Can we not put out best pass rusher in coverage... covering their best receiver...
Christ I’m having a melt down already
"PLEASE TELL ME MORE ABOUT GARRETT, SUCH A CINDERELLA STORY"
The worst start all season wow
why do we insist on dropping TJ Watt in coverage on 3rd down
I trust we will win the game but this looks pretty fucking bad
Steelers just love playing down to their competition don’t they?
NO WAY WE LOSE TO THESE FUCKING BUMS
Do any of you understand zone defense?
Just so so disappointed that we still show up completely unprepared for these games. I’ve really got to give up expecting us to get over it.
This team is why I have trust issues.
Score here. Quick stop. Score again before the end of the half.
Gah our offensive playcalling just blows so much. So hard to get momentum when we are doing shit like running on 2nd and 14 and giving up on drives passing 2 yards on 3rd and long.
"in a way I'm actually glad this is happening because now they'll stop using their trash run plays and just pass the damn thing or get creative. I mean, he can't just keep running hb dives right?

right?"
Does Butler not trust his corners to call man coverage? Getting out coached big time
I think everyone is over reacting we’re still gonna win like we did against the ravens
I am not surprised in the slightest bit.
How do you people make it through games being this emotional lmfao
Stevie Wonder could see this coming
Man defense to actually make Gilbert throw people open? Nah. Linebackers on receivers again.
we def didnt take this team seriously.
CONNER WAS OKAY THIS WHOLE TIME AND WE DIDNT USE HIM FUCKING ONCE LAST DRIVE?!
"How bout we start playing different personnel? They got a receiver on a LB/pass rusher almost every play (TJ has 3 coverage snaps alone already). Let's just go to nickel or even bring in a dime backer, and play with a bear front, and stop dropping our outside backers in coverage other than flats at least for a while"
You’re telling me Conner was healthy and had nothing to do with the last drive.  Wha in the fuck are they doing
"Five wide, call the play at the line. Let’s go."
"I love the Steelers

However I hate Randy Fitchner"
lol will you guys calm down? there's a reason we play all 60 minutes.
So Randy are we going to continue the run run pass?
Actual good punt by Berry and that happens anyways🤡
Can't blame the coaches for the execution on some of these plays.
Imagine what the Chiefs will do to us
still a 50 yard play at least
This is the super bowl for the cowboys
pathetic
I put the game on 5 mins ago and it’s already infuriating. Come tf on they’re 2-6 for a reason
"Don't worry, guys. I'll turn off my TV and we'll get going. I'm taking this one for the team."
"I'm not even mad, this is laughable. I think we'll be fine 2nd half as per tradition"
Slow starts mean bad prep for the week... coaching issue not player issue for sure
Hmm can’t tell which team is 7-0
Not surprising at all. Been like this for years.
Like 5 blocks in the back. Glad they chose one!
Cowboys might as wel go for it. We can’t stop them.
Mike Tomlin special coming up
Anyone freaking out yet or is it still too early?
What's the point of having Watt practice all week just to fucking pull him. He came on the plane. It just makes no sense
Eagles held them to 9 and Washington held them to 3
I would kill to have competent coordinators. Watching other teams coach well every week is frustrating.
This team has always been so nonchalant with lesser teams. Shit is ridiculous
Brah I am not having a good time right now
The way this game is going is so eerily similar to the 2014 game against the 1-8 Jets. We go down like 13 or 17-0 in the first quarter and a half and go on to lose 20-13. I’m having extreme dejavu
"Stop running the fucking ball. The O-line can’t do it, your running backs can’t do it, just stop fucking doing it. 

Running on first and second down and not getting a first down is a losing gameplan"
"I know this is going to sound stupid but, could playing towards those giant stupid fucking windows with the sun glaring directly into the players faces be playing a part in our piss poor performance so far or is it poor play calling and execution"
This drive has to end in a TD
Looks like I’m getting fucking sloshed
Run through the air. We’re good at that
Good shit Juju
Juju looking like Hines Ward on that one
Ben get drunk before the game?
Lmao Ben is so mad
Am I the only one that thinks Ben calls the plays everytime we are able to move the ball decently.
Bens deep ball is so trash so far this year
Big Ben needs to fix up on these long shots ffs
It’s crazy that I expected Dallas refs to call the PI
Steelers vs. Refs
There is this clear delineation between playcalling. Interesting.
Lol these refs are pieces of shit
"Where’s that guy who made that mason Rudolph coming in
Today thread? Fuck that guy"
Ben’s staying in thankfully. Please don’t let this year get any worse
"&#x200B;

Well, it is halftime.  Ben  can put some ice on that kneee and come back better than ever"
I swear to god y’all
"Ben is hobbling...

Why is he still in there???"
Injections for Ben incoming at halftime
I’m willing to donate any body part Ben needs. I cannot watch Rudolph again.
Ben shake that shit offfff
Take Ben out wtf. I rather lose this game than lose Ben for four games or the season
Damn Ben threw that with some anger lol
Chase bailed him out there lol
Ebron might be my favorite offseason addition this year
Hurt Ben has entered the game. Dallas is fucked
wouldn't it be great if did this all game?
I count two penalties that the refs missed against the cowgirls
Bionic Ben is best Ben
Gimpy Ben TD pass!
All my homies love james washington
They’ve activated Ben’s trap card
BEN IS KING
YESSIRR
That’s my QB 😢
If half injured Ben just the thing this team needs?
Ben's pump fake still elite after all these years.
Legendary pump fake
missed PAT? srsly?
"Ok

So it takes Ben to get smashed and his left knee fucked to get serious.

And then there is the boz."
And he missed the PAT. This is swimming in fucking headaches
Oh boz god cmon man
Now that is a LUNCH PAIL GUY
Are you fucking serious?
alright. back on track a little.
BeN Is WasHeD Up PuLL HiM.
Ben might not be able to throw deep right now but he can manage a drive when he calls the plays.
"Worst half of the season by far. Wow.
But we’re still not out of this just yet"
Oh Boz
God fucking damn it
I love my drama king Ben
Wtf Boz
One of those games... Probably gonna come off of the foot of boswell to end the game and redeem that missed XP
"Ben in pain, is a focused Ben.  Now time for the D to wake up.  Steelers are only a pick-six from a tie."
"Wow. Top to bottom. There’s some disappointment. Definitely ONE OF THOSE GAMES, when Bos is missing the XP"
"I just hope this means a second half of banged up Ben

He’s next level when he’s hurt a little"
Wouldn't say no to a pick 6 before the half
An injured Big Ben is better than a healthy Big Ben
Why. Can. We. Not. Just. Play. Well.
"Watch it again kids, not on Boz"
Who knows if it was Boswell or if Jordan berry messed up the hold
Release the red zone reindeer
This game isn’t over. It’s not gonna surprise me if they bring it back like they always do. But goddamnit is this so frustrating that they do this shit all the time against teams they should not be losing to.
People sleep on Ben as a football mind. He’s not just backyard Ben. This is somebody who knows the game and has truly developed
Nice throw to get the TD but that Dallas defender literally held Claypools jersey for 6 or 7 steps before TACKLING him down. Totally missed call blown by the ref.
"It’s so predictable, defense is Swiss cheese until the red zone. Offense is terrible until Ben starts calling play at 2 mins left"
I just constantly flip my opinions with this defense. I mean Ben being potentially hurt means the D will need the win the game but can they? They gave up 13 points to a 4th string QB but on the other side have dominated some games. I can’t read this D
I think they’re just using the extra time to get him in there and evaluate i think Ben is good
I still love me some bos. He only had one bad season for us and every kicker is bound to miss here and there.
Lol oh no... here we go with Mason.
Just kick it now lol
RUDOLPH ELITE LETS GO
Rudolph pls bro
Lol Ben come back please
"I know Rudolph is higher on the depth chart, but did we ever decide if he was better than Duck?"
"1: what a defence

2: let's go Rudolph the Redzone Reindeer"
I’m over here like... Mason is fine but I still don’t think he’s our future. :-/
Just get a field goal. Pls just get a field goal
Its absurd the Cowboys are allowed to get away with those windows
Masons floaters gonna get our receivers killed
"Turnover great

Mason not great"
Not mason Rudolph Jesus
Mason throws passes that get our WR murdered
Thank you JuJu for coming down with that
So lucky for juju
I thought we were done with this clown
shit. got barely 1 play.
Why is mason in the game?
they couldn't get 5 yards with Mason
"Wonder if Randy is gonna bust out the Samuels / Conner wildcat duo? 

Things are already going pretty terribly"
Imagine if we went after Andy Dalton as a backup
tf was that. god mason sucks.
Lots of whacky shit in this game but The fact that the steelers can’t run the ball against one of the worst run defenses in the league is the most ridiculous.
Isn’t it easier to kick in a fucking dome?
Damn y’all must be some new fans
Fuck it go for the 59 yarder
BOSGOD😎😎
praise be....cam heyward?
WHAAAAAAAAAT????
Ok Boswell you’re forgiven for that missed extra point lol
Not to take credit but I sent him my energy so you’re welcome boys 😎
BOZ REDEMPTION
Bahahahaha.  He made it. Lolololol.
Bosgod again
WOWWWW HOLY SHIT BOZ
.... and totally redeem yourself!
Cmon Ben.
New career high?
"OK, 4 point game. Ideally Ben comes back in the 2nd half, leads us to a comeback and we get out of here 8-0"
BOZGOD with the boomer
Atta boy bozzy
"Misses extra point. 
Makes 60 years FG"
FALSE START OP LES GO
We needed one good thing to take to the locker room and that’s boz making a 59 yard kick his bitch
That's my Bosgod!
Bos is like Ben i guess lol miss the 54 but nails the 59 by a lot lol
"Can you now use the snapper as leverage? I feel like that happened both attempts, unless I saw wrong. Looked like he used our guys to jump up the middle"
What happened to Ben? I missed the game up until now
I miss Charlie Batch every year as he set the standard for backups.  He is only 2 years older than Brady.  Wonder what he is doing?
Burt says Ben is expected to return
BEN EXPECTED TO RETURN...praise his knee
"Let’s calm down about Ben. If Ben was in danger of missing time, I don’t think he would have stayed out there."
"Love that Coach still has faith in his team, even after all this time."
"Please be okay, Ben."
Ben expected to return per DVE
I'm too drunk to know what to expect so someone tell me how to feel rn
Robo-Ben revenge tour incoming
I think we bring more blitz  pressure in the second half
"So glad Bens coming back, but the Steelers gotta atleast make Dobbs QB2 after that showing."
Ben if you win this I'll promise to stop referring to you as the two time.
We gotta get into nickel. Too many WRs covered by LBs
Gilbert looks like Steve Young out there compared to Ma$on
This Brady guy is pretty good
We are getting killed in the secondary...
Gilbert is picking us apart
Bro garret fucking Gilbert is bending us over the fucking barrel what is this
Watt blew that one.
"The offense has been rough, but the defense today is far more disappointing for me"
A sack would be cool
"Idk what evil spell the city of Baltimore has put on his, but our run D has been trash since then."
"So yea.... our defense as of the Bush injury (or second half of The Titans game), has not been the same. 
Sure we ended up with wins but haven’t played well down to down."
Good to see they made absolutely zero adjustments at halftime. Getting absolutely fucking dunked on by a 4th string QB.
FG miss would be nice
I’m glad their kicker is automatic this game
"Dupree out here like:Same old shit (shit), just a different day (day)

Out here tryna get it (get it), each and every way (way)"
"I still fail to understand why we run base against 11 personnel, especially when they have Pollard in (not that he's bad just more of a change of pace than a run you over guy)."
Need a new plan offensively. Whatever we had coming in isn't working
"just saying Slay the Spire and Celeste are on crazy good deals on PS4 and they're pretty relaxing to play while watching games on my phone. especially slay the spire, if anyone's looking for a fun game for multitasking."
Lol @ them saying let’s see what Ben looks like after the injury. We already saw what he looks like.... 4/4 and a TD. So dramatic
I’m stuck outside away from the TV what’s the update on Ben?
The blocking on that reverse play was trash at best
Berry is booming the ball today
Our D is going to have to win it for us again
Just take the yardage needed for the first down. We’re down one score. We don’t need a home run
This o line ain't getting Isotoners for christmas
Our offense collectively has low T. They need some of that gel you rub on your shoulder
"Al, Pounce, DeCastro, Chuks, idk what the fuck y'all are doing but it needs to end here"
"I feel like I'm in the twilight zone. As much as I know this teams performance in these games I said no way, not this game. And here we are."
Need defense to step up for us please
defense splash play to save the day coming i can feel it
Wtf happened to this run defense...
This run defense is a joke. What the fuck happened?
Come the fuck on.
Poor tackling
Best run D in the league right there
Almost no pressure on their QB
TJ getting that cock punch fist 🤛 ready
We have got to tackle!!!
What is life if not to lose trap games
We cant stop Garrett Gilbert. Garrett Gilbert is unstoppable. Garrett Gilbert.
This guy picks apart our secondary like Tom Brady
This is just complete trash on defense. Remember when the Steelers used to eat rookies and first time qbs.
Gtfo out of zone
Getting torched by a 4th string QB
What's that? Yet another fucking LB in man coverage on a god damn fucking WR?
That clock's just cruising away
"1st down: TFL
2nd down: Make it 3rd & short
3rd down: Easily give up a 1st 

*rinse and repeat*"
So we're just not gonna make a stop this drive?
Hurt cam is out here playing better than our whole Dline.
Watching these defense and I'm feeling like I've never seen these guys before
"Feels like one play we put our foot on the gas and the next we take it completely off and start pumping the brakes.

Getting whiplash over here."
I guess we aren't the #1 run D anymore
Defense sucks dick until these fucks are already in FG range...
don’t give me that olé bullshit sutton
Fucking dog shit
Tomlin can't beat teams with losing records
Why must they always do this shit every fucking year.
This is weak so far. Plenty of time left.
Greg Zuerlein is dad dicking our 7-0 team.
WE HAVE TIME.
"Only 10 points but what a miserable fucking game. 

The defense and offense need to come to life and stay alive. These little jolts of life before going limp is clearly not getting the job done. Expected us to phone it in today but this is ridiculous."
Still plenty of game left. I believe
Just shut up Romo
Hard to blame our defense when our offense can't stay on the field. Two weeks in a row where our offense is virtually nonexistent and our defense suffers for it having to stay on the field for a long time with little breathers in between.
Lol can’t wait to see a 50 yard bomb on 3rd and 1
"won't be the first time Tomlin's been out coached by McCarthy, it's easier to understand with Aaron Rodgers at QB though."
Can we play offense already!!! We can't give garbage teams hope. You know Cowboy fans will never shut up about this one 4ever
">[STEELERSDEPOT]The Steelers are 6-4 as double-digit road favorites under Mike Tomlin, per pro football ref, Last loss was to Raiders in 2018. X-ray Machine Gate

6-4 when you are BIG favorite is not good"
FELLAS WE CANT LOSE TODAY AND GIVE MR BIG CHEST THE SATISFACTION
More short/intermediate passing please
Got to catch that
Juju is the only bright spot in this game
JUJU LETS GOOOO
Protect Juju at all costs.
JuJu got the hot hand! Feed him!
Now can we have bionic Ben tear this shitty defense up??
JUJU
Thank you juju
Jujuuuuuu
JUUUJUUUUUU
PAY THAT MAN
Juju wants to get paid!
He was heading for the star
FUCK YES
We’re still in this!!!
Thank God we did something finally. Now if our D can make a stop that would be great.
IVE NEVER DOUBTED THIS TEAM BEFORE EVER IN MY LIFE I SWEAR
JUJU
Juju‘s drive
THERE WE FACKIN GO BOYS
JUJUUUUU
I’m a pats fan (please don’t kill me) but Ben easily CPOTY. Hope his knee thing this game is a speed bump on a great season
Pay JuJu and fire Danny Smith JFC
"&#x200B;

No Flag?"
Pay Juju
NO DOUBT IN MY LIFE I SWEAR TO GOD
You’ve got to be shitting me
"Ok, now defense make a damn stop for once."
"Legit, I can block better lol"
Dude for fucks sake
Right in the middle. That's embarassing.
I’d like to forget this game
Omfg.
Ok D. Step. Up.
just our luck
Literally anything good we follow with some bullshit
I love juju
Pick 6 LFG
Not Boswell's fault BUT why take the personal foul yardage on the kickoff? That's nearly guaranteed touchback. Help the guy kick the extra point.
Bruh wtf is happening
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Why the fuck not
Looked like he was running out of bounds
Cut everyone on special teams tomorrow
Jesus Christ all three phases are brutal today. Wake up call.
I think the Specials Teams is a little bit of a problem again
Danny Smith needs to go.
WHY CAN WE NOT STOP THEM????
I look away for one second...
Elite special teams today
Our special teams aren’t very special.
Already in the red zone 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lol Danny smith just knows how to ruin my day
STOP PLAYING GODDAMN ZONE DEFENSE
Our special teams have been an absolute strength this season and today they decided to shit the bed. WTF?!?!?
[deleted]
our defense is legitimately unrecognizable today
This game is all about MOMENTUM. And we keep fucking losing it every time we get some.
This whole team has been playing shit.
Just do a touchback.
We deserve a loss here.
"JuJu why did you dance on their logo before the game?! Seriously a lot of this seems downright unlucky.

Ain't gonna shit on my team, love these guys, but I'm over here like ???"
mmmmm idk he looked like he stepped out there
Only win if we get a turnover... just no mojo today on D
Fuck this game lol
This band-aid rushing defense is so bad man. They're gonna get toasted for another 200 yards today.
"Pretty much everything has gone wrong today, so"
Where did our defense go?
I swear if we find a way to lose to this fucking HS JV team I'm done.
Heads need to fucking rolll on Monday
14 point favorites.  I knew that was a stupid line.
Here I am thinking we’re gonna win 34-3 today
[deleted]
MINKAH YOU BEAUTY
Half the distance from the 2 lol
"Let's gooooo! Hyped for the pick, but wished Minkah just took a knee"
"Ok. Well shit


Let's fucking goooooooooooooo"
Big time play right there
98 yards to go boys
"Incoming safety?


What else did hell have in store for us?"
#FUCKtinyromo
Stay in the endzone you fuck
Don’t run it out!!
A pick is a pick
Minkah clutch as hell
Lol. I’ll take that penalty
whooooo thought we were getting robbed
Pass run pass ? I mean let’s try it
"He keeps it a one score game and runs it out and y’all bitch, calm down either way we needed that badly."
"Minkah needs to go the Fuck down. Why running out of the endzone? Just 20 yards out of the window. 

But glad we have that beautiful safety."
Really surprised they let Gilbert throw in that spot. A FG is a 7 point lead
Time for a 90 yard Juju TD
12 minute touchdown drive EZ
My fucking heart I’m gonna die.
I don’t even know how you call hitting a dude in his chest a “blind side block.”
Let’s just go ahead and Win this fucker.
Diontae has a shitty catch radius.
Everytime I look up it's 3rd down
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD STOP PASSING TO JOHNSON
Ray ray save the day day
Thank fuck Ben took over the play calling
It's uncle ben time
"Never had a 99 yard drive?


Didn't he throw a 99 yard pass to juju?"
if they are gonna keep giving us these 5-6 yd passes keep taking them.
*snip-snap snip-snap*
"Every time I turn it off the Steelers do something good so I’m leaving the game off, you’re welcome"
YO HE JUST STRAIGHT PUNCHED HIM
Haha. Nice composure dickhead
I like Claypool’s fire but getting involved in every altercation is going to lead to a penalty on us at some point
cant believe we need the refs to win this
Of course Romo wants to go down and protect his lil cowboy
Cowboys been buttering the ball during changeovers
bad take on tony acting love or MacFarland was holding his facemask. AM was pushing him off so that's dumb
I think the refs feel bad for us
Holy fuck.
Tie Game.... OH WAIT
"Good going, Chris"
Please fire Danny Smith. Crawford has ran the same play 3 times and he hasn’t stopped it
We desperately need a real running game
LETS GO DEFENSE
I’m fine the unnecessary roughness call but to act like he should’ve been ejected goes against the sport of football
Strip sack comming up. Spillane easy
"Somebody want to stop that guy from getting home on *every* kick attempt, or what"
Thank God this was a touchback
TJ unleashed
See y’all at the hospital
MAKE A FUCKING STOP
this dallas offensive line of backups has out performed the Steelers DL and OL
All that just to give up the first in a sec
Great stop MondoMondu
Brett Fakesel makes a play
How come Zeke only looks good against the steelers?
I swear some of yinz are so pessimistic
"All things considered, Gilbert is playing well today."
Come on Ben you got this
Clutch Ben time!
"That's what we needed. 

Offense needs to put points on the board and torch the fucking clock."
Big ups to Romo for the Blazing Saddles reference
Some say Nantz is still saying their Punter's last name
Slow drive for a TD would be greaaaaat
Did Ben and Boswell bet against the spread or something lmao
I need a t shirt with Mondeaux in a print like the mountain dew logo
Bold prediction: we're gonna come out in 5 wide formation
Steeler heart attack football
This is four down territory until we get to the 20
Cmon Ben.  Let’s go offense.   Let’s PROVE we’re #1
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
LETS GO OFFENSE
"So special teams... our Achilles heel
This game?"
His feet can’t catch
How many drops does claypool have today
Ben's throws have not been good today. A lot of low/high/behind receivers.
Thank you refs omg
Why have we abandoned the run?
We are getting bailed out by the refs
FINALLY CALL IT
Ref does not want us to lose
I am shocked they called that for ben
3 great playcalls Randy. Thanks for the call refs
bailed out. nice.
Tomlin looks like he’s about to lose his goddamn mind
I hate that call but I’ll take it lol
YESSS I LOVE REFBALL
If we win this it will be almost entirely as a result of the variety of penalties Dallas has accumulated.
SO. MANY. DROPS.
"That’s a garbage call, right? Going backward and flails his arms? Super weak."
Cowboys sub must be up in flames right now
We’re gonna take a lot of heat for being bailed out by flags
Feels like ages since we ran the ball
That’s allll in!!!
And the mail in ballots put us on top
That’s a heck of a lot of time to leave. Hopefully the D can pull through
"Thank god. Get this two and then D play your asses off.

Well fuck. Still I like our chances to prevent them from scoring a TD. Defense will ball their asses off, as long as Butler doesn’t go full retard on the play calling."
Jumped right over that lil gnome
LETS FUCKING GO
Ebron baby!
EE EE EEEEEBRON
Leapbron
Nice Hurdle. How often do you see a Hurdle for  TD?
Too much time left. They needed to waste it.
Everyone Blast Renagade right Now
Pump Renegade into my dick veins
IM SORRY I EVER DOUBTED THIS TEAM IM SORRY
My fucking heart is NOT enjoying this.
BLAST RENEGADE
So this has gotta be a record for least amount of extra point conversions right?
We need to go to Juju in those situations man
Cutting the zone coverage like butter. Come on now
Anyone else have heart palpitations today? lol
We never do things the easy way
A lot of you guys are way behind
The last thing I wanted this game to come to is a defensive hold. They only punted 2 times.
EVERYONE HAVE RENEGADE ON STANDBY
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Ok, time for TJ to get some......"
Any chance we can like maybe not do this against the jags and bengals
Maybe Dallas will just kick a field goal
"I miss guys like Rod Woodson, Carnell Lake, and Troy Polamalu"
LETS GO DEFENSE!
"Give me either a defensive TD or at least a turnover. Forced fumble by TJ or Bud, or an int by Minkah."
It SHOULD BE 27-19 right now. The blocked XP and missed XP Is hurting so bad right now
"Gimme that sweet, sweet strip sack"
"A W is a W. I'll take staying unbeaten over anything but damn, this should never have been close.

A damn 4th stringer. 

And now a flag fest going against the Cowboys where my Cowboys fan coworkers are texting me ""they helping the Steelers. refs vs. cowboys"" and shit..."
FUCK ME CATCH THAT
"Think you guys have it tough? I’m the only Steelers fan in my house, while everyone loves the cowboys"
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
Punt it you cowards
CLUTCH HADEN
NICE WRAP UP JOE FUCK YEAH THAT WAS BIIIIG
Thank god for Joe Haden!
That was almost a TD oh my god
LETS GOOOOOOO
 THATS FUCKING DEFENSE
Let’s goooo
COMPLAIN MORE YOU FUCK
wow
Holy shit no way
LETS FUCKING GO CAM
Wow.
Cam has earned every penny of his paycheck
Lol McCarthy so red right now he's lookin like Andy reid. Fuck you Dallas.
THE DEFENSE ALWAYS PULLS THROUGH
[deleted]
Cameron Basedward.
FUCK YEAH HEYWARD
CAM MOTHERFUCKING HEYWARD
LETSSS GOOOO THE COMEBACK
CALM DOWN IT'S NOT OVER YET. WE NEED A 1ST DOWN.
WDKOSWIMAMQKQWKWOWOOOOOOOOOO
THIS IS THE WAY
I’m sending my cardiologist’s bill to Mike Tomlin
the win is gonna make us forget that our secondary is bad and the run game is like i don't even know....
Gilbert fucked Cams wife. I can clearly see that now
The secondary needs to step up next week though with Cincinnati coming off a bye. Their worst starting receiver is AJ Green at this point; which is saying something
BALL GAME
"We got away with one there, big non call on Heyward."
Cam is THAT MAN !!!
God this game is so good
"Hats off to Gilbert. Kids a gamer! 

That being said Here We Go! I never doubted them! (looks around nervously)"
LETS GO OFFENSE!
Wtf just kick the fg
Just take the fg there.  Wtf
Why the fuck didn’t they kick
KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL
"Wait, why didn't we kick a FG?"
Why would you not go for the FG??
Should have taken the points tbh.
Uhhhhh just kick the fg Wtf??
No FG?! What the fuck
WTF?? GO UP 8. OMG
Romo is 100% on point here. Can't risk a block as ST has been ass cheeks.
If we lose someone deserves to be out of a job...
Why not kick.......
Why did we not kick that FG......
That's on coaching
[deleted]
why would they not kick it. am I missing something
There is no reason to not take three there.
I feel uneasy about not attempting the field goal there
That may have been the dumbest play in the existence of football.
I’m in shock at how dumb of a call that was
Why the fuck does this happen every God damn week
So that FG call kinda of makes sense. They've been close to blocking just about every kick lol
"Goddamn, the fucking love/hate relationship I have with this team"
there is so much fucking wrong with this team.....
It's like want to lose this game
Tony is so fucking biased Holy fuck
Please D please. You've been called countless times but we need more. More
Ok why does Conner look like his dog died. Is it because we couldn't run against the worst run defense in the league.
"What the flying fuck was that decision not to take the field goal. I don’t care how shaky Boswell has been, we are giving them a chance to win this game"
Someone tell me why we didn’t kick the FG
is this a replay of last week?
"honestly, if I'm them I feel pretty good about gilbert after this game."
"Well, it comes to one play. Just like last game"
Not this situation again. My heart cannot take more of these.
PLEASE D. YOUR NAME IS CALLED ONCE MORE
LETS GO DEFENSE
Here comes the heart attack
Don’t believe they didn’t take the field goal
I am so scared. Let’s get an INT.
How do you miss that chokehold on Watt
Good lord I don’t need this in my life right now.
Even if we win this has been pathetic
End it with a sack come on
LETS GO DEFENSE
Jesus H Christ
Thank u Minkah
that’s the ball game
Fucked that cursed stadium. Get the squad and get out of there
"another week,  another heart attack."
8-0 babyyyyyyy
8-0
holy shit i can't keep doing this every week
Mad Respect for Gilbert. 8-0 baby
STEELERS FOOTBALL BABY
This team is going to kill me
Wheeeeeeew. That was too close shouldn’t have been that close to begin with.
Ben is all of us lol
And of course it's Minkah!
Thank god the NFL ratings aren’t chosen by a committee
MINKAH DOES IT AGAIN!!!!!
10 Hart attacks how bout y'all
Team of destiny or using up all our luck? 😂
140 BPM
I love this fucking team. Best start in franchise history
We lose this game any other year holy shit
First time ever 8-0.  Ugly as yo sister but still a W.
Fuckk all you sorry ass fans doubting Boz and then praising him a second later
Gotta love how Tomlin and Butler get exposed by other teams lining receivers on our linebackers. Going on 5 years now; no corrections
Trap game engaged. Initiate maximum steelering. I see us winning by a field goal. The steelers are out to kill off all older Pennsylvanians.
Steelers absolutely deserve to lose this game
"Alright motherfuckers let’s do this....

8-0. It’s go time. I want a good, clean game and I want our boys to get pulled in the 4th. 

WHO RIDE!?"
Why do we have to waste a TO EVERY 1st quarter?
you guys just attract negative energy
We look bad guys
Watt in coverage on lamb brilliant
this team is so talented but has the worst coordinators
TJ on a WR what could go wrong
This game has been so predictable. Of course the Steelers play like shit after beating a good team. Always play down to the opponent.
"Nothing like a long commercial to remind ya how much things suck right now due to the ongoing global pandemic that Amazon is making record breaking profits from. 

Thanks Amazon, you fucking suck."
Fichtner is a plague on that offense. The difference between Ben’s play calling and his is night and day. Fire that man Tomlin he is killing your team
Woke up from my mom texting and asking me if the Steelers were undefeated and I KNEW something was up.
Hopefully Ben is just get a pain shot and will rest up and be out there in 3
Goddamn it...that play should have never happened if it weren’t for the non call on PI on claypool
"Does Rudolph hire people to come on here and defend him? 

He's obviously one of the worst QBs in the league."
Did Romo just say “juicy ass”
Lol Butler is really an idiot 😂😂 Bud Dupree on Cooper? Really? Lmao
I'm just straight up not having a good time
"Well if we hold 'em for three then a touchdown ties it. 

Offense needs to be on this second half. These flat performances are killing us."
Getting outcoached on defense... trying to stay in base in 3 WR sets then dupree is covering amari cooper...
"Any given Sunday. It’s a one score game, let’s get the w here we go."
they may as well go for it. we cant stop shit.
Steelers and playing down horribly. Name a more iconic duo.
Idk how I thought we were super bowl bound
"Alright guys. Here's where the momentum shifts. Touchdown here, defensive stop, another touchdown."
"Chill it's the first quarter

Chill it's only halfway thru the second

Chill it's only halftime

 Chill there's still a quarter left <- *you are here*

Chill Ben has a great 2 minute drill"
Fine free play but come on Ben please do better. Make it a jump ball at least
Ah yes 1st and 15 from a 1st and 5. Delightful...
Our special teams is straight ass
WE HAVE TO KEEP JUJU AND BUD AT ANY COST. IDC HOW YOU GET IT DONE. JUST GET IT DONE.
Well it was nice to go 7-0. Had to end sometime.
God we needed that bi-week....
This is gonna be one of those games where the score makes it look closer than it actually was
down at the 2 lord give me strength
He’s usually a great announcer but Romo’s homerism is getting on my nerves. Also bc we’re losing lol
Imagine having 2 extra points
Okay at some fucking point you gotta just stand up and NOT let these dudes jump over the line
Mondo only pawn in game of life
"I don’t want to be negative but man, I really wanted to run and keep the clock going down."
We all know this is coming down to the last play. It’s the Pittsburgh way.
Calling it 300 yard second half for Ben
WHY ARE WE LETTING A 5TH STRING FUCKING KEEP THIS ALIVE
Guess we just don't get any PI calls this year
[deleted]
This has to be the trappiest of all trap games.
Defense wakes up when they’re already in a position to score lol
I can tell by the first drive with two bombs thrown when we never throw it deep that we overlooked this team lol.
#HIRE TODD HALEY
Playing down to the competition: The Mike Tomlin special
Conner would've gotten that first down
You wouldn't think this was a sub of a 7-0 team just from reading it lol
Death taxes and Playing down to a trash team
The chin would be foaming and spraying spit all over players by now.
Offense better wake up this upcoming drive.
Thank god this half went by fast and is almost over.
What an interesting commercial
It’s like they remembered Ben can throw the ball.
"Good things happen when you throw, who would have thought?"
I'm going to start sending my cardiology exams and blood pressure bills to the Rooney's and Steelers Front office
We are so much better in spread and Ben calling plays.
Where the fuck has this offense been. And why isn't it ran more.
Please don’t be ACL
Most Pittsburgh first half I’ve ever seen.
lmao rudolph is awful. Would be nice to have a competent backup qb to buy some time if Ben can come back
Incredible from Sutton man. He's so good. It feels like he always shines and gives us a spark when everything is dark. It sucks they get the ball to start but I hope we found what we needed to clean this game up
Overall terrible half...but we’re right back into it
"Ben, I’ll give you my knee if you want, it’s kind of fat but it’s young"
Losing to the Cowboys and keeping Ben safe would hurt but I think making sure he’s healthy is more important than trying to go 16-0
"i dont understand, why we tend to make backups look like Brady. is it cause the other coach tries to keep it simple and we plan for difficult? i dont understand.  i guess Dallas doesnt have much to lose either."
"this offense is so fucking bad, can't move the ball or score on the worst defense in the league"
Can Tomlin try to wake this fucking team up or is he just gonna continue to stand there and say nothing? Ffs
"The Steelers offensive line cratering this year has been the biggest issue on this team, full stop."
3rd and 4 let’s chuck it
Fuck this offensive line. They’re awful
Bens deep ball looks like trash this year. Get fucked Randy. Terrible play calls for yet another 3 and out.
Can't understand it. Why going for bombs on situations like that. Man we are in a lot of trouble.
3rd and 9. So Dallas will get 10+
So who else have the cowboys beat? Just so I know what company we’ll be a part of?
COME ON BOYS IT AINT OVER TIL LIZZO SINGS
How did it not occur to Ebron that he could’ve been holding there?
Pay JuJu after this drive
That type of shit is EXACTLY how you lose these type of games.
I'm talking to the supreme court right now about MASSIVE extra point fraud...
Maybe go for 2 next time
FIRE DANNY SMITH
FIRE DANNY SMITH
FIRE DANNY FRAUD SMITH
We are the imposter 😭
JUST FUCKING DOWN IT IN THE ENDZONE GOD DAMN
Shouldn't have ran it out but that's just being pessimistic. Hell yeah Minkah!
Hindsight is 20/20 but I want Minkah running that bitch out 10/10 times.
Swear Vander Esch punched him
"Fuck outta here LVE you fucking injury-prone, neck-pad wearing bitch"
Vander Esch probably still pissed about the election
EJECT HIM
"if he threw a punch, eject his ass."
"I know DJ isn’t the biggest guy, but he picks up like 2 more yards there if he just keeps running"
Refs gonna ever call leverage?
"Does anyone else get worried about Boswell getting mental issues whenever he misses a kick, his fault or not?"
Pittsburgh finally flipped
This is the unit I want out there to win it for us. Let’s go D!
I’m scared u guys
Pick six time?
DONT STOP THE COUNT
"I know Tomlin won you a super bowl and everything, and still kept you winless, but honestly, what the fuck was that call not to put the kicker in?"
HA YOU FOOLS CAPTAIN FAT FUCK PLAYS BETTER INJURED
I'd rather have David DeCastro be the backup QB than Mason Rudolph
Stop calling it gimpy you motherfucker
FUCK YOU JIM NANTZ
Also. Why why why do we always go for it all on third down. We needed 2 fucking yards. Ben can’t throw deep but keeps doing it. We have maybe 3 possessions left at this rate.
I predict we only lose 45-3 to KC
Imagine only having 9 points against the worse defense in the nfl 😳
"BIONIC BEN HAS RETURNED. 

I’m sorry but Mason just isn’t the guy, wish they’d realize that."
Waaaaahhhh my favorite team didn't do everything perfectly! The season is over
LFG STEELERS
Well.. ravens and chiefs are going to win :(
Rivers is so bad
Let’s just take care of business and hope for no injuries.
Please don't let this be a trap game.
"31-27 ugly win, but still a win"
I hate that this feels like a trap game
Lets get this dub man.
Hate when we're forced to wear our black jerseys on the road. Fuckin' Cowboys
"WALK IN YO TRAP TAKE OVER YO TRAP!!!! Let’s go Steelers, take over the Cowboys stadium"
Let this Mike Tomlin COTY campaign continue
Favorite wing flavors? Thinking about making some Korean wings at halftime
"Expectation. Blow them out, let Mason play in the fourth. Reality. Every game gotta be sweaty."
One job Panthers. You had one job today.
"fuckk it started snowing here, gotta go fire up the plow. I guess this is a radio game. FML. Pray for me the first plowable snow of the season."
Ok boys. Hopefully this is one we can just sit back and enjoy.
Alright Romo let's keep this unbiased eh
"Tony had to get a little Ravens dick suck in. ""they really should have lost to the Ravens"""
Is this three weeks in a row with Romo in the booth?
Outstanding analysis there Romo. Isn’t every defense’s goal to be like the 1985 Bears?
Giants fan here. Pls fuck the cowboys in the ass so hard that they tremble in fear when u guys play in the future
Lamar Jackson who?
RAMPAGING RHINO RUMBLES DOWNFIELD
IS THAT LAMAR?
DAD SPEED
Speedy Ben
Rumbling Ben
RUMBLIN
Ben realizing the NFL rushing title is still in play.
Like a fridge falling off the back of a truck at high speed.
Romo just hates Ben.
And they say Lamar is the better runner.
Let’s not do that Ben
"Man, that’s way too risky wtf"
Holy pick-able ball
GUNSLINGER BEN BABY
FUCK CLAYPOOL YOU GOTTA CATCH THAT
Claypool wtf
“Let’s throw a low percentage pass to kill our drive.”
great throw ben
Mapletron probably shoulda had that though despite the hold
No flag though? Looked like big holding
Jesus Berry is ass
um no call there?
That’s def a foul.
should’ve come down with that but also should’ve been a flag
"I’m conflicted, I want former longhorn qb Garrett Gilbert to succeed but I want the steelers D to play well."
Cmon chase
"Wtf was that though, the offense had momentum then 2 deep shots outta nowhere. Claypool shoulda had a touchdown anyways but odd calls."
Gilbert is going to be the next goat and it starts with this game lol
Ok. Ready to see the defense dominate.
I hope Zeke doesn't have a good day
I really want to know what our success rate is against the pass on third down. That has to be a low number. I’m sure of it
Need to welcome this Gilbert guy with a sack
Lol everyone can calm down
We should take a deep breath lol. It will be fine
We don't concern ourselves with opening drive touchdowns and things of that nature
start choppin at that ball. Elliot is known to fumble.
Damn we’re really out here making the Cowboys look better than the Ravens
So our run defense just went out the door last week?
It's like the defense doesn't ever want to play for a full game.
I’m less worried about Gilbert as I am about our run defense rn
That was dang good coverage vince.
High smith baby
Ok. Ok. Ok.
BINCE
Did Zeke lose 10-15 pounds?
Highsmith is looking realllly good
Nice. Held em to a FG
I don’t think they’re gonna score in the red zone on us.  There’s no space.
Chill people
At least the sack streak continues. That's 65 consecutive games
Nothing to see here. Just some early game Steelering.
The Steelers are the #1 seed in my heart every year.
Vanilla playcalling.
Steelering is back on the menu
Shit playcalling so far
Now this is a good looking offense
"Ok, this playcalling is not doing it."
Alright let's quit with this lax ass offense. It gets annoying.
Someone wanna tell Fitchner it's not preseason?
"2nd and 14... run to bleh Snell.... 3rd and long... a 2 yard out screen pass.  

Back on the fire Fitchner train"
"Ah, my Steelers :)"
Hell of a punt holy shit 57 yards
If you don't love this you don't love steelers football.
Ok berry. Ok.
oh boy Randy fichtner makes me real frustrated. lol
Shaping up to be classic Tomlin road game against a bad opponent.
Hell of a punt by Berry!
Did the OC not watch tape on the cowboys?
What a punt
Jordan Berry the goat
Sadge
Two absolutely tired starts for this offense. What is going on....
Hopefully we're only doing this to lure them into a false sense of security.
Can someone explain why punters don’t audible to a pass when the gunner is left unmarked?
running on 2nd and 14 is peak offense
Running on 2nd and 14 - I just cannot believe it
Back to our regularly scheduled programming of Steelering
"Why is it that every time we play a ""historically bad"" defense we always looks like total shit?"
I smell a pick6
Is this a trap game? I thought that was supposed to be the bengals game
Ain’t nothing Tuitt
Still 1:44 left in the first and I'm on beer 3. #Steelering
I would enjoy winning this game just so Tomlin can already have his 14th season as HC posting no losing record
1st Q: 74 offensive yards for Dallas. 25 for Pittsburgh
Lol check out Haden being a PR. Love the versatility of the defense playing special teams
good shit joe
Haden?
That was definitely not part of the plan. What's going on with our sideline?
What's wrong with RayRay...
Ok that looks like a ben play
I don’t think I want starters returning punts
Joe Haden?
Let’s go Mapletron
The crowd sounds like they're rooting for us.
There you go CC
Atta boy JuJu
Ring the bell
Love the check down to RB there
Go for it
God we really just can’t beat up on bad teams?
Rushing’s just not doing it.
Run game ain’t there right now
I heard that the Cowboys have the worst run defense?
Why tf are we struggling?
Steelers doing what McCarthy should’ve done. You’re a two TD underdog and 2-6 with a fourth string QB. You win this game by keeping Roethlisberger off the field. That might require risks. But what do you have to lose?
Where's Connor?
Where is James Conner?
Are we playing a ton of backups? It's the only explanation for what I'm seeing.
Strange to use our scatback in short yardage situations
What a fucking joke
Embarassing.
Yikes
They really can't get a yard running the ball. This is sad.
Where the fuck is Conner
Why run that in shotgun?
Cant run against a terrible Dallas D fucking LOL
Run 3 draws in a row lol
"This team fucking sucks against bad teams. Plain and simple. What a terrible fucking call. 

This team needs to wake the fuck up. Christ."
Fucking Fichtner
Cool cool fucking cool
How fucking stupid can you be
whats the point of having a fb if you dont use him
Why is the smallest dude running on 4th and 1?
Only the 7-0 Steelers could make the Cowboys look like a competent team...
You gotta be fucking kidding me same play call
Not giving that to Conner huh?
In the fucking shotgun without a FB when you need a half yard. Love it.
Playing down to competition?! Absolutely no one could’ve thought of this
"They’re a fucking professional football team too, you know? You cannot play this absurdly fucking stupid and expect to beat them just because they’re 2-6."
ANOTHER FUCKING DRAW? ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? THIS IS ALL YOU CAME UP WITH AFTER THAT TIME OUT? RANDY JUST GO AHEAD AND FIRE YOURSELF
Shitshow
and an uncalled facemask.
Mondeaux is ass lol
Stop running the ball!
I still don't know why Monduex is playing on this 5 star defense. Makes us look weak on his side
Bless Watt
Fucking play the game. Jesus christ
What the fuck are we doing...
"Look, they have the number 32 run defense and we can’t run it on them? For fucks sake"
Gilbert running on us better than Lamar did last week
99 sucks
Lol we are letting Gilbert run on us more than lamar
Lol what the fuck is happening
"Pittsburgh, what the fuck are you doing?"
Gilbert has more yards scrambling than our whole offense
Steve fucking Young out here guys
"We all knew this would happen, fucking Steelers 😂😂😂"
I wish we would’ve traded for a DT instead of LB
What is going on 😂
Mondueax so fucking slow and out of position.  Tries to swap sides and gives that free scramble.
Team has clearly come into the game without the right mindset. They thought it would be a cakewalk
dallas using the baltimore strategy. run the fucking qb
God this sucks to watch
Randy Fichtner’s useless ass is going to single handedly be the thing that costs this team a SB run.
This is not looking good
Gilbert on the run after realizing watts not on containment.
We're gonna go into the half with the score being 0-6 aren't we?
What is going on with our defense???
Did the Steelers even get on the plane for this game?
Let Ben call it already Jesus
"I'm not stressed about the game as a whole, but this is absolutely unacceptable. If we want to be taken seriously, we need to be able to play to our potential."
"I thought it was just a coach that had COVID

whole team seems to have it"
move the ball downfield with ease by passing only to lose it by running the ball...
We could use a turnover.
Let’s hold to a field goal please.
This is pathetic
Guys good news I think all the pre scripted Randy Fitchner drives are all over.
"Lmao, definitely looks like the typical Steelers trap game."
You just have to assume we wouldn't be able to slow down the elite talent that is Jim Gilbert.  Or Bob. Or whatever his name is.
Tomlin on the sideline while losing: 😎
Making Gilbert look like he's an MVP candidate.
OvErReAcTiNg
Who's this trash long haired white guy we have?
LMAOOOOO this is pathetic. Why put ourselves in this position?
"Steelers Steelering, nature is healing"
Defense looks clueless out there.
Time for a tranquilizer.
What the actual fuck.
We're getting cooked no oil or butter
What the fuck is happening rn?
So we aren’t defending the pass at all now or?
We have two more rookies on bad teams coming up in the next two weeks.  Time to turn things up and make a statement for the rest of the game.  Rookies standing in the pocket and fearlessly making throws is not the image we need.  Bring on the pressure! and tight coverage.  We Gotta keep people afraid of this defense.
What. The. Fuck.
wow. i cant even.
Time to get absurdly hammered
Wtf is happening
Wrong team scored a touchdown.
"Take it easy, we’ll be alright"
Defense needs to make some adjustments. We are shooting ourselves in the foot.
Such is life
I’m just as surprised as y’all are.
"Not sure why there's always an open receiver. What is up with our coverage choices.

Our defense will adapt so I'm not worried yet, just some questionable choices so far."
this game fucking sucks
Fack
Of course they break their no touchdown streak on us.
What. The. Fuck.
I think we all had a feeling that we would be playing down to them to some degree today
We got this relax
Welcome to steelering dumbasses!
How does the secondary have such an insane drop off from last year
Seriously zone coverage isn’t working. Play to your strengths!
"&#x200B;

Why are the Steelers making the Cowbys look like a decent team?      Are the Steelers intentionally  stooping to their level? 🤔"
https://media1.tenor.com/images/9154479fb6ddacca0be1e4a5eadcc2a2/tenor.gif?itemid=16579505
This is Pittsburgh steelers football... beat the ravens then get our asses kicked by some 2-6 team with a Randy QB
Gilbert has 4 more rushing yards then we do as a team. 28 be 24
"Watt in coverage on CeeDee Lamb. Haden slipped on his turn around to the sideline. 

That’s tough."
"Alright boys you FUCKING AWAKE NOW
I’m not stressing this is a classic Steeler slow start but they never aren’t frustrating as moving away from Pittsburgh and realizing that the Pittsburgh left ain’t a thing anywhere else"
That was their first TD in 3 weeks. They have already scored more this half than in their last 2 games combined.
Is Conner hurt? Where is he?
LoL i love how we knew this was gonna happen
I hate being able to predict the future.
"This team isn’t winning shit with Watt, Vince covering WR and screen passes or run plays on 2nd&long. 

Ffs we’re losing by 10 against the worst defense in the NFL and a QB who hasn’t played in 2 years. And Elliot isn’t even playing well."
Remember when Pittsburgh was down 17-7 last week in Baltimore? Everyone should chill out. They adjusted in the second half and played better
"well lets hope Butler doesn't Vince Williams on Keenan Allen like last year where he just kept doing it all game. 


I don't think I've seen Watt on a WR all year"
Butler and fichner can’t gameplan their way out of a paper bag
Chinga tu madre 30 veces Keith Buttler
"God, we get it, Garret was on a practice squad, you don't have to say it everytime he fucking does anything"
"I wanted to believe the days of playing down to the opponent were over.

God I hate being fucking wrong."
"*they managed to snag a qb off a local high school team, so we gotta tip our cap to that* - postgame interview"
The Steelers receivers posted TikToks dancing around on the field instead of warming up
Not that our defense is playing to their standard.... but this offensive showing is just sooooooo bad. Both playcalling and execution
"Run, screen pass, deep throw, punt."
No intensity at all. In defense blitz like you always do. On offense stop running it every play. Jeez open up the field.
Well hopefully being down 10 makes us start throwing more
*pain*
"Last thing we want is a stupid Romo Report, who even let this clown call a Cowboys game?"
"We'll pull this out, I believe. Just Romo needs to stop filating his old team for 5 seconds"
"Once again the problem is that the offense is absolutely useless and can’t hold onto the ball for more than a few minutes. The defense is gassed.  

The offense needs sustained drives for us to win."
"Hello offense, you there yo?"
So conner could have played that 4th down.
"Anyone saying the game is over obviously hasn’t been watching this year. Sure, Butler is terrible, but once the players start checking down on what they’re seeing on the field, we’ll start a takeover"
run run pass. what the fuck
Lol we suck
"Yeah. 

Offense is a big ass problem."
Are you fucking kidding me? What is this stupid ass play calling?
I didn't remember ordering another run run pass
"Worst defense in the league, and we can’t get a first down"
The fuck is this shit? Playing like we don't give a damn
Offense looking just like last week in the first half.
OH MY FUCKING GOD STOP RUNNING PLAYS THAT WILL GET 5 YARDS AT MOST
We have the best WR core we’ve ever had and a HOG QB. Throw the ball!!!
Jesus christ tomlin grow a fucking pair. Stop wearing the defense down to the fucking ground
"The Steelers have never gone 8-0. In 1978, we went 7-0.  Bottom line let’s find a way to win this game still."
Block in the back
"Outstanding play calling and execution.  

We now need a freaking turnover against awful Dallas"
What. The. Fuck. Just. Happened.
Roethlisberger looks like shit.
"Jesus fucking Christ. 

Run, run, pass, go fuck yourself Fichtner."
WHAT
Oh man.
Our special teams coach would never be this smart. Instead we got Haden returning punts to throw them off lmao
I mean lol on that special team play but I kind of wish that would become a trend. Make punts a little more exciting.
This is unbelievable
Are you fucking with me?
This team is so poorly coached
They fell for that high school Harry shit
Time to wake up boys
I knew this was gonna be the game where we do this bullshit
Danny Smith is a useless cunt.
What on earth is going on
Don’t worry guys... we’re still going to win this game. We’ll hit our rhythm.
We got lucky this bum slipped
Once the field flips and out offense and defense don’t have the sun in their eyes then things will turn around
Fuck Keith butler
"There is still a second half, hopefully we adjust"
Not so excited to see our offense trot back out.
Only 2 score game still just I would feel a bit more confident if we had 1 score in the first half against these
"Welp, if you're gonna lose a game, it's best to lose a game that doesn't really have any affect on the conference or division I suppose. Better get some points on this drive."
Canada needs to be OC idk who needs to call the plays on defense but it shouldn’t be butler but at least he they only got a field goal
How fucking bright is that flashlight?
Supposedly this Dallas D is historically bad. Yet they look like the 85 bears.
My Tennessee Vols were up 13-0 at the half last night. Lost 24-13. Keep the Faith. LOL
This would be a disappointing and heartbreaking start if it weren’t so damn predictable for the Steelers to play down to a 2-6 team with a 4th string QB.
Why can’t we have nice things?
"In a 2 possession game, on a Steelers team that typically makes the required adjustments at half, I think everyone needs to chill out."
Long commercial
"Wake up, offense. Let's get some points before the next half."
absolutely no fucking way yall want todd haley back lmaoo
"Look for whatever reason we can’t get our offense going. If I’m Fichtner, get Ebron involved. Start by throwing the ball to the middle of the field and build some momentum."
Open this fucking playbook call out all the shots. We are in SURVIVAL MODE.
Oh that’s right we have receivers.
Oh we're throwing the ball now?
Getting so much more yardage passing it so watch go back to running three in a row
Randy Ficthner has to go as OC. Demote the man back to QB coach or something
"Oh wow looks like Ben is directing the offense, what a shock that things immediately start clicking."
"Let Ben call the plays!

It’s obvious from last week and so far today that they need to let him make the calls.

I’m tired of screaming at the tv. My dogs are hiding.....lol"
he overthrew him by 5 yards
[deleted]
This game is a fucking disaster.
just not on the same page on deep balls throughout most of the year.
if that ball is catchable it’s PI
Oh shit. Right on ben's leg
"You’re good Ben, walk it off"
Lmao tackled before the ball hit the ground okay
This is fine
so uh..remind me who our back ups are for QB?
Injured ben best ben
Honestly just lose this game but don't you dare lose Ben.
Bad getting worse with Ben holding his knee
Holy fuck. How was that not penalty for a low hit?
Ben is honestly a warrior wtf
wow what a grab !!!
HURT BEN IS BEST BEN
alright can we start beating the christ out of dallas now that they hurt ben
Injured Ben is best Ben
Ben is a tough dude
Whats with all these missed pis?
Holy shit Claypool
Fuck. Is that the same knee he had meniscus surgery on in 2016?
Sick pump fake by Ben
"Big, changes the game."
Hurt ben best ben
Ben going full Kobe right now
I see you Washington 👀👍🏻
finally a td
TD baby !!!!!!!!
The most necessary of TDs
Uhhhhh Boswell?
Wait wtf Chris?
BEN SHOOK THAT OFF
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
Let's go!
Not like this boys
If our team could step tf up I wouldn't mind just letting Ben rest for the next couple weeks until Thanksgiving tbh
Fuck did we ever need those points before the half
Give that man enough painkillers to kill a horse.
Great route by Washington.
"Fuck, why boz"
FUCK SAKE BOS
"If you told me before the game that it would be 13-6 Cowboys at the half, my exact response would’ve been: “Makes sense”"
"Vintage Ben backyard football there. Hopefully this is just his usual playing up of an injury, and he comes back slinging dick after the half."
See what happens when stop running every play.
Did they wake up walking boot ben?
He looks like he’s hobbling still
You guys remember the raiders game when box missed a couple bad Ben was hurt and the X-ray machine was all fucked up?
What the fuck boz
Be easy on him folks. Boswell wanting to fuck off today like everybody else.
He probably just needs to take a shit
Yeah sure miss the XP why not
Who is our backup QB? Still Mason?
Well this game is going exactly as I expected it.
Is this gonna be like the 2015 Playoff game when Big Ben comes back to lead one final drive?
Anyone remember when Ben tore the meniscus in that leg and couldn’t plant/throw on it? That’s my worry
"Well, time for Bitchner to start calling the kindergarten version of the playbook cuz he can’t think Rudolph is good enough"
This scoreline makes me anxious with my name.
"This is like the Denver game. Back up comes in and tears it up, but we manage to pull it together. In the 4th quarter when were about to win half of you motherfuckers are gonna be all ""man, didn't have a doubt!"""
New drinking game: take a shot every time Romo says outstanding
Come on Ben we need ya!!!
can we please get a turnover...
"Gotta love those obvious Pass interference calls just flying right by all the refs, 3 or 4 plays with some very bad PI"
Why are Dupree and Bince out there playing coverage when neither of them are any good at it
DEFENSE FINNALLY
Come back out Ben! We need you!
"Minkah, just go fucking forward man, you lost about 15 yards trying to get more yards being fancy."
God Bless this defense
Glad to have the ball back but the Steelers D should not be celebrating
Right into Minkah's arms!
Wake the fuck up defense.  You have no more chances.  Offense isn’t going to pull its weight.
Just saying.  I called the turnover and now Mason 1 minute offense.
Lmao Rudolph oh no
WTF was Minkah doing on that return? he had 6 blockers in front of him.
FUUUUCCCKKKK
Fuuuuuuck. Not only is Mason going in but we're back to Fichtner calling plays.
Someone go tell Ben!
Mason Fucking Rudolph
Ffs rudolph time
I don’t want to see this fuck out here lmao
MINKAHSZN
Mason has had his helmet on for 9 weeks waiting for this. He hasn't showered. He hasn't shaved he hasn't brushed his teeth
FUMBLED IT RIGHT TO HIM
Where the fuck is Dobbs
Get Ben back out of the locker room.
RUDOLPH VINDICATION TIME
Fuck Rudolph
MASOOON TIMEEEE TDD
Never forget when that thug Garrett tried killing Rudolph
"Great, now Randy’s calling plays again."
Rudolph picking up right where he left off with the 2 YPA.
Idk if I want Boz kicking after that Xtra point lol
Good tracking by JuJu
Ju ju lets go
Wasting as much time for Ben to come back in
Rudolph? more like BOODOLPH!!! THIS GUY FUCKING BLOWS!
See ya next year if it’s Mason for the rest of the season
"I’ve got very little confidence in Mason, man"
"Just kick it, you can’t trust Mason to both throw deep AND get the pass out in under two seconds."
Bring back Jalen Samuels check offs
Come on Boz
Earl Thomas permanently concussed Mason
BOSWELL WTF
"Damn, tbf that was a really long kick"
"""Huge little mental mistakes"" - Romo"
BOZ U BASTARD
Wtf boz.
"Bos, come on man. We gonna need you now."
BOZ if u hit this I fucking forgive you
Gonna ice our own kicker I see
Practice kick lol
Channel Justin tucker energy
59 yards? IN BOZ I TRUST
Thank ducking Christ he made it
AYYYYY
BOSGODBABYYYYYY
Don't give him a 2nd chance
Bosgreat
What did I just watch
OMG!!!! Boz God baby!
"Well guys. I'm buying a Boswell Jersey. r/kneedeep

Edit: I just messaged mods to gain control of their dead sub."
Hot damn Boz with the BDE
Give BOZ our energy like a spirit bomb
Good from 63... called the distance
Bozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Cam Heyward is a crafty motherfucker
"Attaway, Boz."
LMAO BOSWELL WHAT A GOD
Did Boswell tell someone to F-off when he was walking back onto the field?  Like someone from our own sidelines?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|11:28 3rd|LV|21|@|17|LAC|
|Halftime|PIT|9|@|13|DAL|
|00:46 2nd|MIA|21|@|17|ARI|
|Sun 11/08 08:20 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|TB|
|Mon 11/09 08:15 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|NYJ|
|Final|NYG|23|@|20|WAS|
|Final|CHI|17|@|24|TEN|
|Final|DET|20|@|34|MIN|
|Final|CAR|31|@|33|KC|
|Final|HOU|27|@|25|JAX|
|Final|BAL|24|@|10|IND|
|Final|SEA|34|@|44|BUF|
|Final|DEN|27|@|34|ATL|
|Final|GB|34|@|17|SF|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Hell yeah
Boziness is good
"Fuck it, let’s goooo!"
I’ll take it
"Sometimes it's great having my steam 45s behind, I see your comments and get the news in advance and then get to watch a pivotal play stress free."
Wish Dobbs was active. At least he’ll make some plays with his legs if Ben can’t come back
500 IQ play there
BOSGOD THANKS FOR THE FALSE START
Does Ben come back after this
The upvote party today should probably be for the golden leg of the legendary BosGOD.
"Boz right now: [Not today, old friend](https://tenor.com/view/noose-moe-szyslak-not-today-old-friend-the-simpsons-gif-15987627)"
What did Mason do through the entire offseason?
"Lord, I’m having heart issues. I fucking knew I shouldn’t of tried to break in the Bud Jersey this game"
If ben doesn't come back its a wrap
PRAISE BE
Seeing Mondeux fall on his fat fucking belly trying to sack Gilbert hurts. Please take him back to the PS
I thought we picked up Dobbs on our roster?
u/Lemieux4u I think I need you to throw out that prayer to the patron saint of second half adjustments again.
"Rudolph is soooo bad 

JFC"
Romo started throwing during halftime and should be warmed up and ready to roll for the second half
"So if Mason starts second half and gets hurt, who takes his spot?"
"Adam Crowley on SNR says Ben is ""expected to be back"""
Really hope he is actually okay and they didn’t just shoot his knee full of codine.
59 YARDS HOLY CRAP
THE MAN IS WALKING
Who’s going color for our game. Is it romo again?
I'm guessing it was just a bone bruise or hyperextension. When he first hurt it it didn't look too serious anyways. A torn ligament would leave him either on the ground or limping a lot worse than he was. Either way he looks a lot more comfortable now! Here we go Steelers here we go!
TIL Cedric Wilson's son is a Cowboy
To be fair it took that miracle of a punt return to even get 3 more points
My liver and heart can't take this!!! I'm a healthy adult and the Steelers and Big Ben are driving me to alcoholism and a heart attack!
Ok Minkah. Let’s do it again.
"We need a TD out do the defense.


Come on it's time for some SPILLAINING"
Cowboys have been blown out the last three games and here we are
"It’s still weird to me to see other players wearing other greats numbers. 92, 99, and to a lesser degree 26."
"Halftime, the best time for a poop."
I fucking love Ben. The day he retires will be a dark day for Pittsburgh. They really need to get a QB
That's right minkah
Good tackle fitz
Please. Get a stop here
"God, we make bad teams look like top 3 teams. After how many years, how has our front office not fixed this?"
can we stop dropping Dupree and Watt back in coverage
Defense just giving up a long drive so Ben has more time to recover
defense is gassed
"To all the people that were saying ""it's just the Cowboys, why are you scared lmao??"", here you go."
Anyone else worried about Chuks as a run blocker? He rarely if ever gets any real push on right side of line.
We are making the Cowboys look SO good
Imagine getting man handled by fucking Dallas. smh
So undisciplined
Totally playing like the number one team.
Jesus fucking Christ...
You’d think we were playing against Brady
Please get a stop. We are getting worked by arguably the worst offense in the league
thIs RuN dEfEnSe Is ElIte
If we don’t stop 3 and 13 bro...
Great tackle
3rd and 13 has been automatic in weeks past....
"Okay okay even more rest time for Ben, and held them. Let’s see this."
"Alright , let’s tie this shit up."
Our defense needs to play disciplined.
Keep ben clean. Let's get it out quick to our playmakers
can we get the run game going please?
"yikes, who whiffed on that tackle?"
Why is our O so impotent
Badly need to not have a short drive
Of course we start with three and out
At least Berry brought his big boy leg today.
Aaaaaaand we had a three and out
why did the Rams let Zuerlein leave? was it a money thing?
lucky that wasnt picked. damn.
Dallas wants to turn it over. Defense will adjust.
need a sack fumble here
Bring in Kdot at this point. He's a fucking baller and fresh
Need a turnover boys. Minkah it happen
D needs to sack or pick Gilbert to bring him back to Earth.
"Bro everyone and their mother knew they were gonna run it with Pollard there, stop the damn run!"
What the hell are we doing with our linebackers
This is not the same team since we lost bush
Damn... we still play Washington don't we?
The tackling is garbage today
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
CAN WE FUCKING TACKLE??????
We gon lose :(
What the fucking tackling
Are you serious?
We fucking suck
How the fuck did he miss that tackle
What’s missing here for the D? Is it that Devin Bush isn’t playing?
This is tough to watch
Come force turn over right here.
STEVEN NELSON BURNT TOAST
(˚ㄥ_˚)
"Doesn't matter if they get no gain, a yard, or a loss because the very next play the defense falls asleep."
"Lmao, right down the field. We’re well well on the way out of this one."
Anyone else remember when we were 7-2-1 and missed the playoffs? Hopefully doesn’t happen this season..
Zeke rubbed himself down in KY for that
Oh for fucks sake
"Hahahahahahha. Ok, I'm gonna go watch 90 Day Fiance"
Garrett Gilbert is Joe Montana confirmed.
getting diced up by an AAF QB
"This guy is playing how I imagined Mason would be.



Instead Mason plays like Mason"
why do we always suck at tackling
"I wanna get excited for these tackles for a loss but we keep giving up stupid shit like this for big gains. 

This is frustrating as fuck to watch."
We are getting outplayed and out coached
We really miss Alualu
We’re literally just giving them first downs
Completion after completion after completion. Dallas has had all of the time this half but 1:10
This just proves that the Dline cannot have bad games and our coordinators are shit
[deleted]
That was a good play. Here comes a big play for the cowboys.
4th string QB absolutely shredding our defense right now
3rd and long worries me most
"Mike Hilton, please come back soon."
dallas redeeming their coupon for one free game tonight
Wow this kid is picking us off. We look horrible.
The quintessential Pittsburgh TRAP game. Saw this coming as soon as the Baltimore game was over.
We make Gilbert look like Brady in his prime fucking christ
LOL THIS IS A JOKE
Oh. my. god
fuck it bruh let’s go home lmao
WHAT THE FUCK
Sutton.... fucking stick your nose in there
Yikes going to lose to the cowgirls.. thanks a lot Steelers now we have to hear all the cowgirl fans 😒
Defense has given up man.
Embarrassing
We look TERRIBLE
Just gotta laugh at this point
Ok Tomlin we get it. You still like to lose to sub 500 teams.
Fucking Oklahomas in practice this week
Soft ass secondary players and slow linebackers
This game and last week just show how much of an impact Alualu has.  Hope hea healthy soon.
The defense has made one good play all game. This is fucking brutal
Now or never.  Here we go baby!
We stink
I’m embarrassed
Why am I so excited to hold an AAF player to a FG drive?
"Hey, if we could, you know...score a TD here and then actually hold on defense that would be great."
Man I really wanted this team to be the first Steelers team to start 8-0.
"Why is it we are always in this position and come back for the W, or our opposition is in our position and almost comes back to beat us but we get a lucky stop. Idk why but I think we got this one in the bag. Just Steelers being Steelers."
Everyone here predicted this would happen.  I thought yinz was joking though.
I can’t believe it either Tony
"7-1.. Against a 2-6 team.

Seriously hope I look like an absolute idiot afterwards."
if we lose this game they wont let us hear the end of it.
Just throw to juju every play lol
"Juju puts his heart in every game

I feel so bad rn"
"Yup, here are the Steelers I know and learned to put up with. It was fun while it lasted!"
"Really hope we don’t run, run, pass, punt this drive."
"Honestly we've been subpart. We've only won our last two games due to luck, and this game is exposing us."
Can’t do that
Timing was just off
Ben is kinda sucking ass let's be real
Thank the lord for Juju
you know you fucked up when you get that Ben stare and clap
Juju stepping up.  Let’s get him going
FEED JUJU
Thank you Juju
Juju heating up
extend juju
Juju please save the day
Juju is becoming our Julian 3rd Down Edelman
Pay juju
How do they not have Juju targeted every play? He’s a play maker every single time his hands touch the ball.
"Yep, #Steelering"
Ab took the wifi router on the deep ball
Has ben finally figured these guys out?
This reminds me of that Buccs game in 2013
These refs are throwing flags on us and missing some cowgirls penalties
JUJU MY MAN!
Bout fucking time
Juju thank you
GOOD JUJU!!
Juju from here on out
Good juju
JUUUJUUU
PLEASE WINNNN
there we fuckin go
Juju looks like hines ward running people over
JUJU HAS BEEN KILLING THIS MAN ALL GAME.
JUJU rules
thank you juju!!!
FUCKIN A
JUJUUUUU
Lets fucking go!!
Was that a TO celebration?!?
JUUUUJUUUU!!
BOOM! FUCKIN LOVE THAT KID!
JUJU IS SKRONG
I leave to poop and we score a TD. Guess I'm staying here.
Loved seeing JuJu running back to Ben. It's nice to have a team where everybody gets along.
JUJU IS OFFICIALLY A WILEY VETERAN
Over to you D
Juju looking nice rn
"Let’s goooooo!!! Down by a field goal. Play defense and keep the ball moving on offense! Last quarter, this is when we need you the most!"
Seriously
juju n ben vs the world. I love it.
Ridiculous
Well fudge
🤣🤣🤣
Jesus christ are you fucking kidding me
WHAT ARE YINZ DOIN
"But JuJu isn’t a #1 receiver..... (yes, he is)"
LMFAOOOO THISNHAS GOTTA BE A JOKE
We just need a stop here.
God damn it both PATs now
that was huge
Fuck me we can't have anything good
Just when we get something going gotta do something stupid.
Literally what the fuck
I guess we're allergic to extra points
Lol should’ve just went for 2
Of course we have a TD when I go outside to smoke a cigarette. I would stay here if it wasn’t this cold
Fuck the Cowbitches
They almost blocked the 59 yarder too lol
This fucking game!!!!
It’s all about momentum - and just about every time we think we are gaining we fuck things up again and give momentum back to them. Feels like we are fighting an uphill battle this game.
Defense playing Styx in their heads rn
Lol so will this be the first time we get a 3 and out on the 4th string QB??
Can’t overstate how critical those 2 misses are.
Some joker on Dallas musta yelled Andy's comin.
"If I have to think about *any* bright side to this game... everything that could go wrong has gone wrong, and we're still only down by one score"
ST sucks today. 2 points plus that long kick-off return which costs us even more points. Pretty bad.
Saving our first 3 and out for the 4th quarter let’s go D
I think our defense got a good rest. Hope that blocked FG doesn’t disrupt our momentum
Should that not have been a penalty?
Embarrassing
Oh fuck me running dude
Our special teams are special
Special teams is a FUCKING JOKE
Son of a mother fucker
Just fucking shoot me
Oh fuck off
Hard to watch
Fuck me.
Oh boy
Bad special teams always haunts teams in the playoffs
Fuck this fucking team. Just boot it out of the end zone for fucks sake
This game is shit.
Just not their day
Pick comming up.  Haden pick 6 now
I turned off the game as a sacrifice to the undefeated gods. My my sacrifice not be in vain.
Two missed extra points means we have to got be looking at some Scorigami here?
Fire Danny smith
Of all things? Fucking special teams?!
and that's how you piss a game away
Once romo said the kick was perfect I knew...
Our special teams has been terrible today.
Fucking pathetic
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS GAME
Wide open cause Vince can’t cover yet no adjustment
"Bos if you're going to try to stop somebody, don't just sort of wave your arms at him."
Are y'all really about to lose to a backup qbs backup qbs backup?
Playing like a bunch of chucklefucks
"And a wide fucking open receiver to start the drive, just in line with what I expected"
I haven't seen special teams play this bad in years.  This is ridiculous.
Fuck this shit.
Need a turnover
Wellllppppp.... I give up. This game was not meant to be
That's the game.
Fire Danny smith into the fucking sun
"Fire Danny Smith, absolutely inexcusable play by special teams today."
Fire Danny Smith. Straight up fucking clown.
Good job on giving the team a rest day this week Tomlin I’m glad you prepared them. It’s showing.
Hahah this is fucking embarrassing
You kick it out of the end zone not pooch it.
We're playing soft af
I am miserable
"TJ, Minkah, Bud. Someone make a play idc who"
Shit defense again
Just embarrassing all around right now
Are people blowing whistles in the stands
"Lmao. 

Not trading for a COVERAGE ILB was such a stupid move."
i HATE zone defense
We shit the bed today we really fucking did
Does Keith know how to adjust
It’s those magic white uniforms
"Wow, just slicing through our defense today"
Damn this make shift o-line really dominating our defense
Our defense is playing like the 2019 version of our offense. God fucking damnit
Love it when guys just forget how to tackle.
Alright we can come back from this lets go defense! Stay positive
Tomlin shows no expression to fire these guys up
i wanted us to lose a game or two so i'm not upset....but watching this is just making me lose my vibe man
Flag for fucking what
Of course there’s a flag
Great pick but don’t bring it out
One score game? We can't get an extra point to save our lives today.
Wooo
Minkah making plays
#DEFENSEWINSCHAMPIONSHIPS
" 
Gonna be on the 4 yard line now...run run run"
Oh of course there's a penalty. Why wouldn't there be?
OK WHATEVER FUCK EDMUNDS WE GOOD
"It is time to come back, my dudes"
Let’s go Minkah! Should’ve stayed down but we needed a big play
FEED JUJU
Now make the int count boys!!
The fact we still have a chance to win shows how bad the Cowboys are
Have the Steelers gotten a sack today?
Anyone remember that stat by juju? 2 97 yard touchdowns
"Thanks Minkah for coming up huge, but you should have taken a knee when you had the chance"
Minkah definitely has a home here in Pittsburgh. Future Franchise player
Those missed Boswell XPs really looming right now.
Jesus come on now. Do you want to win?
Really no reason to hype that Bama LSU game this year. Going to be a blow out by Bama
There’s some breathing room
Body slam out of bounds is fine now??
Ben's in his zone
Go for the first on 3rd and see what happens?  I was waiting for a bomb.
"7 points and take lot of time off the clock, please!!!"
nice chokeslam oit of bounds there. damn. called less than that a penalty last week.
TD on the way!
Find Juju
I was convinced they were gonna get a safety the way this game has been going
"Kind of interesting how Dallas wasn't flagged for a late hit out-of-bounds there, while Pittsburgh was last week with Lamar. (In my opinion neither should have been flagged)"
Holy shit DJ caught it!
These formations come from Canada
Hobbled Ben > Healthy Ben ?
Fichtner: I’ll fucking do it again
"Conservative but efficient, good plays here."
Is that like 3 or 4 straight throws to the left? Lol it’s working
99 yard drive? Ben’s idol is Elway. That’s music to his ears
My asshole is so clenched I could cut diamonds with my sphincter
I like this 4 WR set with Ben saying fuck it to the run game.
That was a forward pass
The monkey's paw curls
Fuck me
"Sure.  Why not?

Edit - I'll accept that."
Refs saving ass
That was a gift
Make em pay!
I don't understand this obsession with running empty sets and telegraphing the fact that it's a pass play every down when we're needing a score
"Of fucking course

Edit: saved by the flag"
The refs finally make a good call
Yo I used to like LVE what a little fucker
I don’t like needing red ball but I won’t complain
We gotta get lucky vs a 2-6 team lmao
Claypool does not take shit from anyone
Tree needs to bring back weekly videos on this team
“I was just lookin at you and you were just looking at me.”
Dont even get why he got hot headed... made a solid stand up tackle there.
"Way more fighting going on in this game than I expected. I know we're technically ""rivals"" but our rivalry hasn't really been very relevant in awhile."
"McFarland did kinda start that, but LVE can’t be throwing punches there and costing his team."
Well everything is going our way this drive we gotta score now
Beers on him if we win
Half this drive is Dallas penalties lmao
That’s not a punch come on guys this is football
That was... fortunate
I'm cool with the cowboys winning it for us
Thank God the Cowboys decided to shoot themselves in the foot
"McFarland got his hand in his face only because he was literally humping him, dude gets triggered and throws a punch. What a cunt."
"I like Romo and I understand his bias, but he really has to tone it down a bit lol."
They need to do something here. Went all this way and now they're struggling.
"3rd and 8, run time?"
C'mon Boz please
That feels like a cleveland coaching decision
Not having that PAT hurts
Pls Boz
"Boswell's favorite number is 21


5D chess bitches"
Does the D have gas left in the tank?
"Show 'em who you are, defense."
 Canaday got beat again. Is he hurt? He’s usually solid
Those extra points.... We have to pull through on this!
We’re only down a run or a goal or something.
PRAISE BE
Come on defense get the ball back please
bosgod is infallible and I'm pretty sure Crawford is actually aaron donald in a cowboys jersey
"all i ask is that our defense looks like our defense for this one fucking drive, abysmal today otherwise"
I don't wanna see this Special Teams unit on the field again. KICK THE BALL OUT
We’re missing bush in the middle of our defense they are picking on Spillane today. Avery Williamson was a big addition
Crawford is getting through that middle on the snap every fucking time...thank god we got 3pts. Defense time.
Guess I’m blacking out before 8pm tonight
with the way special teams has gone this game I’m not confident in a field goal for the win
Please kick the ball out of the end zone.
Finally they kick it out.
We'd have the lead with those two XPs... Ugh.
Can't make a stop
Can they just get one damn stop?
Of course we don’t stop it
I’d be curious to see a study of which sports fan bases have the worst heart problems. Pittsburgh has to be up there given our expectations year in and year out.
[deleted]
No one's gonna talk about it but lots of credit to the cowboys OL
This has to be the stop now
We can’t keep being gashed up the middle
Welcome to the game Henry
Blue wall means push Zeke with a big man
He Mon-did it
Good. Thank Christ he overthrew it
Give. It. Back. To. Us!
LETS GOOOO ITS FOURTH DOWNNNN
Thank fuck for that overthrow
MONDOOOOOOO
Gilbert dude finally looked like a cast off reject bum
Mon-did
He finally did something.
Good hands ray ray
Like what the fuck happened this week
Lucky. Lucky miss. Cowboys should just go for it. Chances are in their favor.
Lets go Offense!!!
Everyone make sure to call your health insurance provider to let them know to have an ambulance on standby for the inevitable heart attack that is about to ensue.
Let's fucking go offense. Protect the ball and move it down.
"Eat up the clock, score here and we win"
Deep breaths everyone. We don’t need more heart failure
99 needs a black visor.
"Absolutely have to go down the field and waste most, if not all, of the clock. Whether a FG or TD (preferred obviously), we cannot leave time on the clock."
Now go get the td to put us at 25 points and keep the streak alive
Can someone explain this to me. Isn’t pushing off lineman to boost yourself over the line illegal? Like didn’t they change that because of Troy?
"Come on, you bastards, SCORE."
CLAYPOOL CATCH THE BALL PLEASE
CATCH THE BALL MAN
How many drops is this???
ben throwing too low atm
"I like Claypool, but dude sometimes just can’t catch shit even if it hits his hands"
ANOTHER drop by Claypool
Ooo he’s gotta catch that
Fucking Claypool man
Claypool really looking like a rookie today
Ugh. We're gonna lose because of a missed PAT
What a terrible play
Claypool has been bad today
We. Got. Bailed.
I have to believe they are just fishing for PI's right?
"Ben got one

he really got one"
Claypool has to make those catches. He's been off tonight
What terrible offensive play calls. Why the fuck are we going for it all?
Refs didn't call a PI so they gifted us that. Thanks.
"I can't wait till the ""refs won that game"" comments"
Dallas penalties are keeping us from loosing right now
I will take that cheap penalty
Make them pay!
"Best part about being a top team, is getting the top team calls from the refs. Thanks NFL"
"I hate that call, but I’ll take it"
The fix is in
I'll take it but what a bad 3rd and 10 execution
Run it and kill some clock
#A WIN IS A WIN
GETTING BAILED BY PENALTIESS BOOISS
[deleted]
That’s one of the luckiest things I’ve ever see happen in a game like this
Diontae!!
Stay in bounds!!!
DIONTAE YOU SHIFTY FUCK YURRRRR
WAY TO GO DOWN INSTEAD OF RISKING A FUMBLE!!!!
losing to one of the worst teams in the league.........beating them and having boys fans complain about the refs.....it's a hard decision.
STOP GETTING OUT OF BOUNDS FUCKERS
Run. The. Ball.
Can I get a touchdown!!! amen!!!!
"Well. 

Fuck this game. 

But its nice to be close to taking the win here"
WHY did you run outta bounds!?!
"Theory: the Steelers play down to competition so often because Ben plays best under pressure when he feels rushed.  When he does, he's a HOF QB.  When he doesn't feel rushed, he's a mediocre QB.  So, weak teams stick with us, and sometimes pull it out."
TD BABY
Have we just abandoned the run game?
"&#x200B;

Touchdown!!!"
Claypool in bounds please
LETS FUCKING GO BABY NEVER COUNT US OUT
GET HURDLED YOU DUMB BITCH!!!!!!!!!!
"Ok Ebron, that was sexy"
"Now

The question is


Does Gilbert have the gusto here?"
MVP BEN
"Now, can the D hold?"
Claypool needs to catch holy shit
OOOOOOOUUUUU
Go for 2?
I wish we would’ve taken more time off the clock.
Awesome job scoring but way too much time left
LETS GO D
"I’ll take it, but that’s a lot of time left. Defense please."
Can we not all out blitz?
Ebrontosaurus
"Claypool you're 6'4"" and like 220+ how are you getting bullied like that on the goal line bud"
"Defense usually unfucks themselves on these putaway stands. 


Usually."
A stop and they’re gone. Come on!
This is looking like that game against the terrible Raiders about a decade ago when we let Bruce Gradkowski drive the field.
HOME RUN. KICK THIS BALL OUT
all signs point to game winning drive by bum fuck gomer pile huh.....
Should have went down instead of scoring. Please defense pleaseeeee
Please don't let zeke run straight up the middle
Cmon Defense please stop them
Let's go defense
Come on boys
Nelson with a second missed tackle that I noticed
"Hey Google, play Renegade on 100%. 😬"
Our special teams have been playing a little special today.
No one expected Gilbert
Come on Watt strip sack
D D D
anyone gonna buy some of this stuff advertised?  I might buy McDonald's and that's it.
The Steelers have given up less than 20 points despite the offense being mediocre for most of the game.  That's a decent performance.
SUTTON UGHHHHHH
I’m gonna be on blood thinners after this
SO CLOSE AH
You gotta pick that
Alualu must make a huge difference.
Show me the steel curtain
LETS GO DEFENSE
LETS GO DEFENSE LETS GO
Okay d.  I promised my first born on the last drive but you can have my second born this time.
ITSSS THIRRRDDDDDD DOWNNNNNN
Bobby Spills solid in man coverage on a quick receiving tight end in a big moment hell yeah
Let go D! Keep it up.
Not in the grasp there?
Just hold them off for 2 more downs and we’re good maybe
Wow. I’m amazed he got that out before going down.
ALRIGHT YALL I THINK ITS RENEGADE TIME - FIRE UP THOSE SPEAKERS
"Haden saved that play, wow. Didn’t expect that pass to go through at all..."
One more!!
Please Sutton
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE
HADEN YOU ANIMAL
"Not ruled down on the sack? O_o

How was that not whistled"
"Watt finally gets home and can't finish

well he just finished it there"
like 3 holds on steelers there. obvs.
Holy fuck!!!!
Haden you have been redeemed
Omg
OMG TY GOD
Yeah boys! WOOOOOOOOO
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh get fuckkkkeddd
HUUUUUGE WHEN THE GAME MATTERS
THAT’S OUR F-ING DEFENSE RIGHT THERE!!
waiting 58 min to do that
Cam Heyward. Stud muffin
#SACKED HIS ASS OHHHHHHHHH YEAH!!!
Yessssssss
8-0 YOU STUPID BITCHES!!!!!!
That was a filthy bull rush by Cam lmao. Grown man strength
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
8-0!!!!!!!
that's a pretty late renegade they played there
CAM AND TJ
Remember that people whined about this D all game
LETS GO YALL WE DID IT!!!!
BEND DON'T BREAK
Same time next week guys?
Major props to Garrett. Felt like we were playing Tom Brady for some of that game haha
CAM FUCKING HEYWARD
Hayward playing in a youth league
what is this madness? How dare we show up in the 4th and win it. Did no one tell them they reversed the script?
why does team have to play with my heart!?!?
You absolutely love to see it
Where's the dude with the doritos?  I think you saved this game.
Let's get a FG to preserve the 25+ points streak
Heyward is a beast that last sack was amazing.
"Our hearts did not deserve this punishment. I'll take it though, but heads need to roll here. There is no reason this should have been as close as it was. Our offense has some issues it has to sort out, but I am confident we can get that sorted before next game. Let's go baby."
Game aint even over
I cant believe we pulled this stupid game out of our ass
I accept T.J. as my daddy.
"We’re lucky we have star power. One or two players play every week. The rest relax. If they all would step up, we’d be unstoppable."
What. The. Fuck.
Just try the FG jesus hell
[deleted]
Why not fg?
Why did they go for it?
I miss the days where we could've picked up short yardage with a strong run game.
are they trying to lose?
What was the fucking point of signing Derek Watt
No no no no no please
That needed to be a FG WTF
KICK THE GOD DAMN FIELD GOAL
Why the fuck did we not kick it
We don’t deserve this game...
WTF
Why in the hell do we never QB sneak...
why did they do that lol
This has been the worse run blocking game I've seen in years
Never go full retard
WHY DIDNT WE KICK
"Why don’t you just take the fucking 3 points, sure they can still get 8 but takes the TD and the 2 pt conversion... this team just trying to kill its fans hearts"
Why did they not kick a field goal
P U C K E R   T I M E   II
Questionable. If we end up losing this game
Fucking idiots. Watch Dallas win now because of that
.....but i thought we won the game already??
COME ON DEFENSE PLEASE HOLD EM AGAIN
That’s a catch I think
Field goal???
You don’t win games with that fucking shit. Even if we win. That’s the worst call I’ve seen in years.
Lol mike was literally just shaking hands on the sideline like it was over
your ST coach not being able to figure out why you can't get a kick up is an indictment on the coach...O-line and ST.
"the only reason not going for a fg makes sense is because Crawford is running through our line like they're not there. otherwise, retarded. lol"
WHY
This is insane. Why didn’t they kick a field goal and make it impossible for them to win even if they managed to March down the field?  I’m so confused.
Why not a fg? They'd need a td + 2 woth zero timeouts
Okay... 3rd born but I’m running out of future kids guys.
Steelers should have at least tried to pass for the first down.
If they lose because they didn't kick that field goal...
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Tomlin did that to try and stick it to a rival, or something like that."
I’m not sure why our run blocking is so bad but it’s really become a problem
Dear God dear God LETS GOOOOO DEFENSE
My this is amazing
I don't like this
"So why didn't the Steelers attempt the FG and instead go for it, am I missing something?"
BLATANT hold on TJ. That will never get called
fucking heart attack team.
Hey I haven't watched a lot of football but Im confused why Steelers were not able to take a knee to run out the clock under 2 minutes? Can someone please explain to me? I have seen teams do this before?
I feel sick
We didn’t need this late game drama
holy shit. headlock on TJ is totally allowed.
I don't feel comfortable
I can’t even sit lol
Lots of heart attacks happening
HOLDING
Can’t help thinking if Dak was playing we wouldn’t have been close here
We’re literally just letting them get wide open and letting them catch it
LETS GO DEFENSE
Just need a sack
LETS GO DEFENSE
I hate every second of this
Exact situation as last week
I can't breathe...I can't breathe..
LETS FUCKIN GO
Bud was almost there
Phew that was too close for comfort
Waaaaay to close.
Put Claypool in
THANK GOD
Hoooolyyyyy shit that was messy. But ill take it.
FUCK YES THANK YOU GOD
Sphincter relaxing...
GET THE FUCK IN
FITZPATRICK AGAIN
Never a doubt /s
Minka was worth 3 1st round picks!
I cant take this
Aaaaaaaand... unclench.
Your gonna get beat....but you don’t want it to be to the Cowboys
**Breathe a Sigh of relief.**
That was a terrible game.
8-0 baby!!!   Ugly but still great and Kings of the NFL (record wise).  Not sure if my heart can take 8 more games like this season.
"Holy shit, I need a drink. Or should I say more drinks!"
HISTORY IN THE MAKINGGGGG
"Two drives in 3-0

This sub: SEASON OVER WE FUCKING SUCK GG FIRE TOMLIN. 

Y’all are children."
I get that he used to play for them but could Romo make it anymore obvious that hes rooting for the cowboys. Getting mad annoying
"Can we complain now? I hope so because our team looks like hot dogshit right now, and it isnt getting better."
STOP THE COUNT! STOP THE COUNT!
3rd and 4 so let’s throw a fucking bomb
I'm prepared for 3 straight losses with this performance.
hE tHrEw a pUnCh fUcKin ToSs hIm lol this wasn’t a big deal from either guy
2 missed XP are going to cost the game
Dumbest thing Tomlin has ever done
"I don't know if it's James Connor or the run blocking, but our rushing has been anemic lately and it really isn't helping at all."
"And thus begins a new streak of not getting a touchdown on the opening drive.

Should of had that Mapletron."
That just went right through his hands.
Claypool has to be kicking himself after that drop
This guy be like Tom fucking Brady out there
What. The. Fuck.
Trap game time baby
Everyone getting panicky either didn’t watch last year’s offense or are likely new fans
"Playing down to shitty teams.

This is the way."
I am wholly unconcerned at this point.
R/Steelers be like: Tomlin is on the hot seat right now
"I can hardly come in these threads anymore with how reactionary everyone is, it is so much more stressful. Games last hours dudes chill out"
Ok tomlin i see you!! Play conservative right out the gate on a practice squad. BOLD
Play to lose. Classic fucking steelers
Difference between us and the Chiefs imo 🤷🏽‍♂️
All day I’ve envisioned Admiral Akbar screaming “It’s a trap!”  I’m not being negative. We’re still an amazing team and no one needs to be fired. But I really wanted to come in swinging and punch them in the mouth.
Looks like Ben told Randy to sit down with his coloring book and took control of the offense
You know how they've stuffed every single draw we've tried so far? Let's run more draws.
Yeah let’s go in the gun with our weakest back on 3rd and short.
Connor is hurt?!? Sucks it had to happen to the most durable back in the league
Sometimes I just feel bad for our defense. Offense just trots out there only to do nothing and expects the defense to just bail us out.
I live in Spain but the S is silent
God our secondary is absolute trash. This is absurd to watch.
"Jets fan here, does Ben not look juju’s way at all anymore?? I’ve seen like 3-4 times he’s wide open and Ben doesn’t even seem to looking for him. Just curious because I think he’s still great. Thanks dudes and fuck the browns!"
Bruh why the fuck is Watt covering Lamb?
Fichtner and Butler make me want to gouge my fucking eyes out
I hate our coordinators. We win in spite of them.
I’m late to the party. What the fuck is going on? Why is TJ playing coverage downfield instead of murdering this 3rd string idiot
The Steelers and playing like hot garbage on the road against the worst teams. Name a more iconic duo.
I have never been less surprised by a bad start in my life. There has never been a more obvious trap game in recent memory.
At least there's no heart attack if its a blowout? Silver linings.
This game will hinge on the fact that they didn’t get 7 on that drive.
"Thank god he fucked that up because otherwise he would have had the first.

What the fuck is going on today?"
I just love how quickly everyone in here is turning on Tomlin. Y’all sound stupid af.
"$15 says next possession plays out as Run, Run, Pass, Kick."
"Know who's not surprised, Jim? Steelers fans who have read this book before."
"You give Mason or Duck a competent OC those two look like QBs last year.  

Arians saved the 2010 season when Ben missed those 4 games by letting Charlie Batch and Dennis Dixon make plays.

Todd Haley put Landry Jones in a position to succeed against New England in 2016.

I don’t think Fitchner excels in the essential death sentences those two were given on paper those games."
Injured Ben best Ben
Please bring out knee brace Ben. Knee brace Ben has 10 Super Bowls.
Rudolph blows. I told you guys he shouldn't be on this team. Fucking dent brain.
If Big Ben doesn't come back at the half we are donesky.
Still think Dobbs and Duck are better than Mason
"So let me get this straight. Fichtner has us throw check down passes all game. 

We have a backup QB who’s ass and we’re at a 54 yard field goal range and we throw no check downs"
"They had nearly a minute, and this is what they got? God damn it"
Said a prayer for boz and it paid off. 🙏
If ben is hurt we are FUCKED
Were going 9-7 with Rudolph
"We're 7-0 and Ben finally got his first tweak of the year. It's over for everyone now, limpy Ben = asshole destroyer."
I hate that a majority of our games are heart attack games when they shouldn't be.
Defense has gotta make a stop and get the ball back to the offense.
Why was Dupree on cooper?
activate: hurt ben
I’m oddly at peace. 7 hurt his knee. He’s about to go super saiyan
3 and out. Good stuff
Can we get ben to draw up his own plays again?
"This offense is a joke today. Just wow.

Its either 🔥 or 🥶 and we cold today"
Classic trap game. Smh
The ravens exposed our run defense
There’s that elite rush defense
"Ok, that's enough getting kicked in the teeth. Wake up & fight back!"
Hey lots of time still to play.
Weak flag there
This is so on brand for the Steelers. I can always expect the Steelers and WVU to disappoint me in games they should easily win.
Fucking hilarious
Why the fuck wouldn’t u take the penalty on the try ?!?!?
We look terrible.
Our defense is absolute flaming dog shit
WE’RE LOSING TO A 5TH STRING QB
"On the bright side, in terms of tiebreakers for playoff seedings, it's best to lose to an NFC team."
Stupid energy bringing that out of the end zone.
Would’ve been nice to kneel it down but whatever I guess.
I hope the two extra-point attempts don't come back to bite us.
HE REALLY JUST PUNCHED A ROOKIE
"that fucker just punched our man, throw that BUM OFF THE FIELD"
This is the year of tipped balls for Ben.
Take a broom and jam it sideways up my fucking ass
Imagine if you just tied the game 3-3 instead of going for a pointless 4th attempt
Why does this team gotta pull this shit so much? They've had one blowout and most of the rest have been close. The defense also hasn't shown me anything to say they'll be able to stop Dallas. Fucking aye.
Defense cannot get to this guy. Have we actually sacked him yet?
Goddamn Zeke is ugly as fuck
That's a fucking bullshit rule but I'll take it I guess
It's an NFL rule. You can't hit the QB in the helmet.
They left too much time on the clock though
OUR DEFENSE FINALLY DID SOMETHING
10000000000% coaching fuck up. What an atrocity
I swear Tomlin is a fucking moron. Kick the field goal.
What a garbage coaching decision. 5/11 on third down and you think that’ll work.
Sometimes you gotta take an L to get knocked off your high horse
Tomlin is an idiot. Why not kick the field goal??!!
"Okay I’ve been thinking about this more, I actually get not kicking the field goal, but since they’re expecting run on 4th and 1, why not try your luck at passing? Clock stops either way but damn I just feel queasy"
Again if you were one of those people saying fuck this team...you know where the door is. Feel free to close it behind you
Got to love watching the steelers cause they make ever game exciting. They could be playing again a middle school team and it will be a 1 touchdown game.
"So we drop this game.


Takes all the pressure off of being undefeated


Continue to win super bowl as scheduled


It's called strategery. Look it up"
Next week we will lose to the St.Vincent middle school practice squad.
This is turning into a game that’s going to come to haunt us come seeding time.
lucky. I’m sure we’ll win in the 2nd half but this is pathetic. one half a game where we play terrible
Too bad our 3rd (4th?) string qb wasn’t that good last year
"Sorry, guys. I went to get ice cream and missed the first hour of the game. I’m back now so we’ll get back into it. 😂"
Dude why does TJ still jump when a QB tries to throw it. Fucking HIT HIM
Looks like no second half adjustments for our defense
"“On that gimpy knee, when we return.”"
"I bet on you guys for the first time ever and this is what happens, I think I did this to you"
If Dak was healthy the Cowboys would have already blown this game wide open.
We still going to win
Ebron makes mistakes at the WORST fucking time
Of course Boswell makes his career long by 6 yards while also going 0/2 on extra points. Makes perfect sense
"7-1

Would take that at the start of the season though"
The Steelers offense has been dependent on getting PI calls for huge chunks and making the DB's back off. The cowboys have done a great job of either covering cleanly or just not getting called.
If you don't like this game you don't like Steeler football
"Ben's deep ball is super inaccurate, change my mind"
[deleted]
Holy shit we are a TERRIBLE 7-0 team. This is so fucking bad. Our staff is unable to make any significant changes to our gameplan when we need to. Fuck this.
Calling it right now... We're still gonna win this game and all you fairweather fans can go fuck yourselves
"Can Ravens fans quit bitching about the refs now, since they got handed a W by them this week?"
rivers is honestly so useless
Claypool has to get that
Can we please pick up a punter in the free agency? 34 yards to the 15? He’s awful
Wow was not expecting that keep
And none of this is even the least bit surprising
Why tf does the defense look so confused? Crazy how we can look so sloppy agaisnt inferior opponents
[deleted]
Literally playing like we have the lead with how conservative this is. Pathetic is a word that comes to mind.
yep don't even attempt to get a first down
Ok. Fire Fitchner and let Ben draw up plays in the dirt
Someone should tell the Steelers that losing games like this is why they never get the first seed.
Ben needs to do what he did last game and punt Fichtner’s shitty game plan to the curb and start calling his own shots.
When was the last time we had a fat head coach?
This team absolutely needs Todd Haley at the helm
"Steelers have a history of wearing down teams.


People come out psyched to play us.


They'll tire out."
How predictable was this game lol
"Hey so I don't actually give a shit if Roethlisberger loves being in shotgun, on third and a yard he needs to be under center."
everyone fuckin relax
Steeler nation on suicide watch
Trap gaaaaaaame
Whenever 99 is in bad things happen
Tomlin pull out the backups put in starters and open the playbook. We need to put these fuckers down. Holy shit
"WAKE. THE. FUCK. UP. IT'S THE 2-6 COWBOYS.  

This team is such a fucking embarrassment."
Getting out coached by McCarthy right now. Not a great look.
2020 is finally reversing. We're returning to normalcy again.
"I think Mike Tomlin needs to be fired

/s"
Playing down to competition as always.
Someone wake Ben up. He's missing the game.
"""we don't play down to our competition"""
"fichtners gone rogue, guys hes gonna run em inside until the cowboys quit lmao"
Yeah we're losing
KILL ME
"If we lose to these fucking bums then Bitchner needs to be on the hot seat. We play phenomenal against good teams but we run non stop, which doesnt work, against one of the shittiest in the NFL? FUCK off fitchner"
"I ask you now, can we panic yet?"
"""You guys wanna score before the half or nah?"" Ben probably."
"Ben is throwing this game so far, looks bad."
I like how ppl defend Randy fat fuck.
That one handed nonsense was STUPID Washington
"Where's the guy who said ""how long till Ben fakes an injury"" ?"
Why don’t steelers just run shotgun spread and let a Ben do this all game.
How does Boswell miss an extra point indoors
Missed PAT and Ben in the locker room. Could anything else go wrong before the half?
Rudolph hasn't missed a step with the 1 yard passes.
Honestly don’t understand why Dobbs isn’t second string
Boswideleft
Did we ice our own kicker?
#FUCK YOU HATERS
it annoys me that my hulu feed is 30-45 aeconds slower than reddit. so no drama in this 59 yarder.
"That was the luckiest shit ever, but I'll take it"
we are fortunate to only be down 4pts. if ben wasnt coming back id be seriously worried.
"Captain Fat Fuck, leader among men being tough as nails"
Can Haden defend a pass
Things are not ideal at present. There are still two quarters.
come on td drive here
Much respect to big Al and all our troops
Just get a first down for once holy shit
we fucking suck
tf can we please stop a 3rd and long. fuckin trap games.
How is this offense murking us in time of possession?
Why not go for it when they have been stomping all over us.. I’ll take it ig
I hate games where we travel west. Especially if it’s the damn Raiders
"Yes, Tony. I can believe this is the game we're going to lose."
Ben is ass today
Out of bounds should have stopped the clock.
I wish brown was still here to complain about not enough targets
Juju is still the best receiver on this team and (hot take) it isn’t even close
Shoulda gone for 2
"Boswell, 0/2 on extra points, 1 missed field goal...

1 60-yard field goal.  

wtf."
"IMO

Its obvious this team came in thinking this week was going to be a cake walk; from the dropped passed, to missed blocks, to the passionless defense thus far. No one (including myself) thought this would even be a competition. I hate the ""playing down to teams moniker"", but...damn if it aint true."
Worst undefeated team in history
Steelers look 0-7 not 7-0. My stomach is in knots watching this team right now. Holy fuck
This front 7 is an embarrassment
DEFENSE HAS BEEN ASS SINCE THE 2ND HALF AGAINST TENNESSEE
"I don’t understand why DBs do that, just take the touchback. You aren’t Ed Reed"
"Int is great, but you really really gotta go down in the end zone there"
I just yelled “no Pittsburgh” at Colin. Come on dude
That's 3 flubs for Nantz. Dude needs to get it together.
"Trailing a 2-7 team by one score in the 4th and the defense makes a momentum-swinging interception on the goal line to give us a chance. 

If you don't like that, then you don't like Steelers Football."
What's gonna be close?  Lol he threw a punch
Vander is a bitch
Yeah the only reason he isn't getting tossed is because it was open handed
Lol our offense is so bad
If only Claypool caught that TD in the beginning of the game. This game would be so different
"Will the defense be shredded like cheese this drive? Probably, but I have hope."
Can't even beat the 2-6 Cowboys.
Their backup oline is out-physicaling our guys
D line has been bad since alula (I can’t spell his name) got hurt
Holy shit. Mongo made a play
Come on Ben. Can't let this asshole team beat him a third straight time and likely the last time he'll play em.
So we’ve got to find a way to score while draining the clock. Hire me Steelers; I have it all figured out
We’ve gotten bailed out on two shitty calls. Wow we’re not normally this lucky
When the refs bail out Brady 😡. When the refs bail out Big Ben 🥳.
Claypool is making countless mistakes today
Just keep them out of the end zone no chunk plays
Ebron is the next heeeeeeath miller!
Tony Romo is deflated.
"Ben is praying, I’m praying we’re all praying"
I have a bad feeling that they go right down our throats.
Maybe we didn't kick the FG because bosgod has been a bit shakey
We choking hard than that defender choking Watt
Boswell you stupid bitch
"Permission to be a Steeler fan for the day? I'm trying to hook up with a Steeler's fan and she is die-hard. I was given specific instructions not to show up until after the game but she kept messaging me irate messages about the way the game was going so now we're watching the game ""together"" and discussing damn near every play and why everyone did something."
Patrick Mahomes is going to eat up this buttercream defense in the playoffs.
[deleted]
The 7-0 Steelers are going to lose to the 4th string led Cowboys. Absolute laughing stock in r/nfl and we deserve it
now these are the steelers i know
Seems the consensus is the same. Anyone want to start a change.org petition to fire Fichtner?
[deleted]
"We’re 7-0 after beating two really good teams in back to back weeks. We have a slow start and everyone wants to burn everything down lol. You fucks make me sick. 

Y’all do realized the Bucs barely beat the Giants, right? Shit happens. It’s the NFL. We’ll be alright. We’ll make adjustments and win this game. Relaaxxxxxxxx."
"I don’t get why people are blaming Tomlin. Ben’s accuracy has been shit. 

Blame Ben"
We are so fucked if Ben goes down he is the only reason our offense can do anything
Damn didn't realize Boswell's knee was injured too
"Omg I’m not even a Steelers fans and I hate these refs. You ain’t gotta throw a flag for every play, just let them fucking play"
"To all the Rudolph haters, please relax. Yes, he looks unpolished but it took 20 minutes to get Ben warmed up."
Lol were down 7 to a 2-6 team
"3rd and 4, better try to bomb it 40 yards."
I'm about to shut this off. They fucking suck and if they can't beat the 2-6 Cowboys then they don't deserve the playoffs.
Our defense sucks again
"19 points on this ""BEST DEFENSE IN THE NFL"" fucking pathetic group of players"
Should have went for 2
Yall fucking suck lol. Cheer up
Really Vander Esch? Punch him while he's on the ground?? Fuck you.
We're gonna lose by either 1 or 2
[deleted]
I don't disagree with not kicking it. I hate the play call. Pass it or sneak it
Panthers and Chiefs is only a two point game
would be a classic trap game but they're on their 4th fuckin string qb. have to think our boys can pull the dub even on the 3rd straight away game
"Let's do this Steelers!! Its going to be a good game. For anyone out there looking for a live match stream, without need to register, check out this link [https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/](https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/) and enjoy! :D"
"we go up 42-14 in the third Ben rests 4th. D rests a couple guys. Oh shit cowboys score 3rd td of the half with 2 mins left, get an onsides kick. Cowboys drive down to 4yrd line, TJ steps up gets 5th sack of the day steelers win."
Well this is gonna be spicy.
"Currently my local cbs station is down, just my luck :("
honestly guys i know we are all thinking it might be close but im feeling a 40 pt win
We got Romo again? Nice.
"&#x200B;

Tracy Wolfson has *wayyyyy* too much makeup on"
"I know everybody is saying this is an easy win, but we've seen how these kinds of games have gone as Steelers fans. Let's hope we leave Dallas with a win & a healthy team"
Romo is still sucking Raven ass from last week
Let's go boys
Looks like a Steeler home crowd
Let me guess 3 straight conner runs
Sitting down for a very relaxing game I'm sure.
Let’s gooooo
THE LUMBERING BEAST!
"Damn it, I've been watching at my parents house who have actual cable the last few weeks and now I'm watching on the CBS app and I forgot it's a full minute behind the rest of you jagoffs"
Lamar who?
Big Ben the mobile quarterback keeps on truckin'.
"BEN!!

Hopefully he outrushes Elliot"
"Conner should be able to go over 100 yards in this game. Run or pass, pick your poison today."
Love me some Steelers' third down conversions.
Messy
"Hell of a shot but fucking damn near picked. 

My heart was not ready for that."
Picture quality on Gamepass is so bad today for sone reason
damn it
PI
"That’s was a hold but it’s cool, don’t call it."
I guess the only silver lining is that the Claypool drop equals out the Cowboys INT drop
"No need to tackle Gilbert, he can do that himself."
TJ with the opposite assignment today.
LET'S GO D!!!
"Hulu TV is such a whopping piece of shit. If you’re looking for a cable alternative, please just pay the extra cash and go with YouTubeTV"
TJ Watt is gonna kill someone today.
Tomlin has seen enough
There’s nothing else to talk about but Gilbert?
Defense picking up where it left off last week
What happened to Pine Richland Yuppie Dinnuci?
Wtf defense?
defense needs to put in more effort. this is lazy and they can do better
We are Steelering
Well then. Dallas moving the ball with ease early.
Wow. This is gonna be a long night.
Ok. Let’s hold for a FG and hopefully that’s a wake up call.
We're gonna be fine. Dallas is having their best drive of the game.
"This is where teams realize inside the redzone there's not so much space with this D.


Holding them to a FG"
Sacked
Took long enough
Yessirrrrr
Bend. Don't. Break.
Bend don't break?
"Rack em up, sack em up."
Ok the defense did their job. Now it's your turn offense.
Getting stopped by the Cowboys D. Very fascinating
Our playcalling is sooooooooooo inconsistent
Nice run play. What a surprise.
RUN RUN PASS!
Not a fan of the play calling on that drive at all
Love watching this. Absolutely fucking love it lol
Fantastic offense so far boys! Good thing you're playing the cowgirls.
Offense looks great against this stellar Dallas defense
Defense is gonna have to do all the scoring
Why am I wasting my time watching this
"alright boys let em have it!

you can have it :)"
Too early to boo....right?
Guess we have to wait for the 2nd half to see Steelers offense
This offense needs to shape the fuck up. This play calling is fucking abysmal.
Imagine relying on ur defense to beat the cowboys
Let’s go Berry!
....so time to go no-huddle?
We're off to a bad start
Berry has been eating his Wheaties
Smells like Randy Sphincters doing...
Good punt let’s get the ball back
What's up with this play calling?  Let Ben cook!
Rabdy is a fat fucking moron.
Offense can not afford to start off slow almost every damn game. Sooner or later it's going to bite us in the ass.
"This medical ad hitting a bit too close to home...

Literally me anytime the Steelers play..."
Lol oh man this fucking team
"Gilbert is 3/4, Ben is 1/4"
I’d sneak it. I hope they don’t though.
Alright time to score
Joe?
Why is Haden catching punts?
Joe hayden does punts?
Wait Joe Haden on punt return?
Mapletron!
I was confused but I guess they left the d on in case the offense ran a play
Ben at work
YES! Claypool!
"This is good, let Ben play"
Now we're cooking
McFarland snatching ankles lol
That is Haden's 3rd career punt return.  1st ever with us.
Is Conner injured?
The best #26 in team history ...
McFarland tried to get fancy there.
Wish he would have kept going instead of cutting back and forth. After the first cut he coulda gotten 2 more
What happened to Conner?
What happened with Connor? I thought he was healthy.
Fentanyl Fichtner
Where is Conner?
God damnit
Didn't get it
[deleted]
Are we secretly ass?
Snell had that one game. I’m over the guy.
We are throwing at will. Let’s run it four times in a row.
Even if connor is hurt. Why isnt snell in?
96 is killing us right now
Ughhh Why are we running up the gut twice with McFarland
Orakorafor got wrecked
What a stupid play call
Yeah take Conner off the field on 4th and 1...genius!
What in the actual fuck am I watching? Seriously offense...
Our line is asleep
Sneak the damn thing
We make shit so fucking hard it’s unbelievable.  Imagine if we have someone that follows the KISS formula.
No Conner lmao
Is Conner hurt?
Where is Connor ?
"Meh worth the risk, don’t know why our running offense is so ass today though"
This offense can suck my fucking asshole
Ugh
"If you're gonna run the ball on 4th and less than a yard, why the hell would you line up in the shotgun?"
Contain Lamar but eat shit on Gilbert
Offensive line is absolutely garbage in run blocking.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS PLAYCALLING
Ben should’ve taken that.
Holy fuck I had a massive headache BEFORE kick off. This is frustrating
"Running up the middle didnt work

Randy yeah just do it again anyway"
This is depressing lol
Fuck Mondeux
It was 2nd and 3 right?
might actually fall asleep during this weak ass game
CLASSIC
Out run blocking is fucking embarrassing
Gilbert > Jackson
Henry mondeaux
I missed the first quarter.  Is Conner hurt?  Why aren't they running him on these short yardage situations?
I thought Mondeaux would have went back to the practice squad
3 runs in a row going nowhere wtf. It’s head scratching honestly
Are you fucking kidding me?
Classic Steelers against a dog shit team.
That’s fucking horrible play design.
Offensive play calling is awful today.
Just wow
99 bad
Nobody told me we were playing KYLER MURRAY
Lamar Gilbert here
Offensive line is ass right now
lol wtf is happening here
GILBERT PLAYING LIKE VANILLA VICK
Are you fucking kidding me!
out hunting whats the summary so far? thought we’d be up at this point
"I knew we'd give up a lot of yards to Lamar Jackson, but we're seriously going to give up yards to Garrett Gilbert?!"
This is so sad
Such a fucking hold on Watt
Watt was damn near tackled
They will have to start accounting for Gilbert as a runner
Can’t run for 1 yard. Can’t make tackles. Can’t contain QB.
Keith butler is actively trying to take tj out of the game
Vince Williams man come on
"We really need to get a solid hit on Gilbert, he’s playing way too comfortable atm."
"Chiseled Adonis called that we would play down to the cowboys.. ""its in our blood"""
Lmao cowboys are getting hyped about getting a 1st down
This is embarrassing
Is this Aaron Rodgers?
Can we get back to blitzing out of man coverage
What the fuck
BIG GROAN
Well this is fun
"Wow, fucking terrible"
of course
Absolutely pathetic
Lol we didn't even show up today.
HAHA fucking trash team
For fuck's sake nobody covering on top
Jesus fucking Christ
Pathetic.
They always lose when they travel west
Jesus fuck
Seriously put TJ on Lamb smfh
No more zone please.
Damn against the cowboys
FALSE START WTF
Dallas? Fucking DALLAS
Good Lord
How the fuck is this happening?
Bruh
We’re going to lose this one of all aren’t we?...
Why I'm not surprise....
Why
🙃
Embarrassing
Should Tony Romo recuse himself from the game since he played for the Cowboys?
"Getting outsmarted so far. 

We need 7 points this drive. Right now."
Lets just get some points on the board. 10 is chump change we got this.
Both randy and Keith need fired they hold back both units immensely
When do we get nervous guys? When they go down 24?
We just look tired man
False start was so bad everybody stopped playing.
"Disappointing, but not surprised"
Put claypool in coverage on D man we might get somewhere
TJ against CD genius.
Can we stop playing down to competition this ish has been going on for to many years
I wanna say I'm surprised but I'm really not
We make backup QBs look like Tom Brady. Every goddamn time.
maybe this damn cowboys TD will open their eyes.. they're playing like trash today
Ah there's the Steelers I know and love. Good to see nothing has changed
Feels like the Steelers are experimenting.  Why the heck is TJ dropping into coverage? Seems like every time he does a chunk play occurs
I don’t want to hear anybody defending either of our coordinators.
Not surprised. Hopefully we look better after the half.
The entire oline false started and no flag. Rip.
I am embarrassed to be wearing the black and gold after what I've seen so far
Conner back with instant impact
Time to wake up and put 7 points on the board offense.
OLine getting bitched right now lol
Run run pass! Excellent!
Is this our play down game?
Crazy... first string RB runs the ball better than the 3rd string.
If we 3 and out here...
Fire Fichtner
"Oh my god.

Stop playing the same fucking play"
3 and out against Dallas
"Terrible throw, Ben."
This is making me fucking sick
Defense needs to make some plays
I'm sorry dude but Diontae will never be a #1 or #2 WR. Insanely inconsistent.
Why can’t we just sling the dang ball
What the fuck man
The fuckin kinda foofoo fairy fucking toss was *that?!*
Bad throw
Could we stop running it up the fucking middle?
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Please god not a 3 and out
Die Randy Die.
I'm about to turn this shit off and enjoy the outside.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
I can’t believe this shit
"its happening

its happening"
I want to die
Fuck me
Man this shit is just irritating
This is embarrassing.
[deleted]
It’s probably possible to argue that we’ve got some of the worst play callers in the league. Imagine not having Randy as OC.
Lol holy shit that was a good play by the cowboys
Fuck. That was a great call by the cowboys.
Of course
We will be fine haha
3 and fucking out... sad and pathetic
Another 3 and out
Another fucking 3 and out.... who said our defense was better than theirs?
"Hey diddle diddle, two plays up the middle..

Maybe next drive well open it up. Probably not, but we can hope right"
stunning and brave performance boys!
Saved by the flag
That was a great punt return
Lmao
Don't worry it's all part of the plan to give the cowboys false hope.
I hope someone says something at half time
No.
Wow just wow
Christ
Fucking horse cock
"I guess if we're going to be exposed its best to not do it against the Ravens or Titans. Disgusting anyways.

The memes are manifesting into reality. :("
lmao
This is my worst nightmare
Time for more alcohol
HAHAHAHA BLOCK IN THE BACK
Even our special teams is being outcoached
I shall be passing away
Plenty of time to get our shit straight.
"ok, ok... on the bright side, that punt was a HEATER (bad coverage tho...)"
They have got too cocky sitting at 7-0
We caught a break there
Great work Bince
"If that guy doesn’t trip, the convert 3rd and long."
"Guys I'm not a Steeler fan but I made a huge bet on the Steelers to win

Should I be worried yet?"
We NEED to score here. Let’s see. Hoping fat randy ain’t calling plays here or else we go into half 13 down and they get ball second half. Not looking good.
"Alright jokes over, time to get at least a FG and go in with some momentum and shut them out 2nd half"
"I cannot handle this, it hurts"
Ben has to step the fuck up and we need to keep 30 off the field. I don't get why they always put mcfarland in and then abandon him as soon as he has a Conner-esque run
Ben's accuracy has been horrible this season. How can you expect the defense to be good when they're on the field 90% of the time
"Can't keep keep calling run, run, dump. Need some better calls."
I wonder how much that ad costs purely in network time not production or any of that
Any Given Sunday...
We need to play with some fucking urgency NOW. This is now WE ARE IN DANGER OF LOSING THIS GAME. Mode. Get to work you boys.
Regardless of what happens the rest of this game. This team needs to learn how to not be Jekyll and Hide between halves of football. This team is either dominating or can’t fucking beat a JV football team
i feel like we never get juju involved until the 4th quarter
I don’t know why guys.... but I’m getting an urge to buy a flashlight from amazon
We need a run run pass drive here
Dink. Dunk.
Backyard football time
I like the momentum we’re having rn
"If we score a TD on this drive, we’ll win this game."
WHY DIDNT HE JUST KEEP GOING TO THE SIDELINE
Finally a little something happening
Side note: Justin Herbert a real one
if we just stop giving James Conner the football our offense will put drives together
Bens deep ball is shot
Fuckfuckfuck
"Ouch!! 

&#x200B;

Ben, please be okay"
And Ben is injured
Just tuned in and I’m shocked. How the fuck does this happen
Another overthrow... how many does he average per game?
Here comes the fan favorite rudy.
So....why was Watt covering Cee Dee Lamb?
Most of this offensive line needs replacing
Holding claypool and leading with the head on a QB...
Someone needs to be fired. Offensive line coach. Fichtner. Someone.
O-line didn't show up today against a team that can't stop the run and hasn't got the QB latley
NOT MASON NO PLEASE GOD
I blame this injury on all the dumb fucks in here saying Ben is trash and should be benched
Ben bby maybe rest a series?
Oh boy
Gg boys
We need points here
That looked painful
HURT BEN IS BEST BEN
"Johnson's jersey get ripped? 

And that's not the sort of shot you want Big Ben taking... Hopefully just knocked the wind out of him."
Injections for Ben incoming at halftime
Hurt ben. Best ben. Let's fucking go.
"Sucks to see it but that was incidental, not really Lawrence’s fault."
Activate Dobbs. I don’t think mason is ready after last season
Get the walking boot ASAP
Ben limping. Throws a nice pass. That’s injured Ben for you lol
Never question Ben’s toughness. He beat the Ravens with a crooked nose
Anytime Ben takes a big hit I get super stoked to know we have Ma$on back there to lead us into oblivion
"Just tuned in, bow bad are we eating shit? Knew we were gonna have one of these days but didn't expect it v. Dallas."
Holy shit Mapletron
Hurt ben is best ben
Ben out there through sheer force of will
Shit.
Get Ben some painkillers
Pulling a Greg Jennings against the Cowbows
god damn is there a human alive tougher than Ben
Hopefully a knee brace at halftime helps
At least if Ben needs to miss a few games there is time to heal and we can afford a few losses
THANK GOD
"Helmet to helmet. He better be fined over that. 

Ben keeps on doing it. TD Washington."
Yep ball is gonna be high now that his plant leg is hurt.
LETS FUCKING GO
Best receiving corps in the league right there
Wow
Let’s goooo
There we go!
FUCK YEAH
WASHINGTON!!!
I love how Ebron is so willing to go for the stiff arms and fight defenders for extra yards.
THERE WE GOOOOO
Oh come the fuck on make that
OFFENSE DECIDING TO SHOW UP LETS GOOOOO
Way to go Boswell.
Fuck
Thats not good
I guess all it took was a slight knee injury
Missed PAT Seriously?Come on
KEEP PASSING! GIVE BEN THE BALL AND THIS IS THE RESULT!
Damn Boswell we needed that
Hey look we did a thing
Par for the fucking course...
Oh oh
That hopefully just the beginning. Let's go!
"When it rains, it pours"
"Would be tight if we started out dominating like we TOTALLY could be, so that ben could just chill in the second half. But nooooo. Also wtf bozchoke"
"The Cowboys QB looks like someone who would play a QB in a Lifetime movie, but has never thrown a real pass"
"Washington is slick as fuck on double moves, especially with Ben's pump"
"The outcome of this game won't be decided by the players, it will be decided by the courts!"
Tough SOB there
Where is the Advil and Tums.....
"Were this is the worst possible out come for this game, fuck!"
I think that might’ve been a bad hold
Ben has one leg
Wait did all the fair weather fans stop crying now?
Well at least Boz won’t miss for awhile now
Did they finally call a holding
I feel like he’s gonna come out with a knee brace and deal with it. Play the rest of the season with the brace and then have surgery after the super bowl
The hell was that romo cbs lmao
YEASSS
Ben's like shit already
Ben “no pain no gain” Roethlisberger
Fumbled right into his hands
Holy shit Minkah!!!!!!
ATTWAY MIKAH
Let's gooo. Let's tie this game going into half
Let’s fucking go!
The ball is just attracted to Fitzpatrick’s hands
Minkah you beauty
QUICK SOMEONE GO GET BEN
SOMEONE GO GET BEN
This year I can die with a back-up.  You really want to play an 8 man box with a threat like Claypool deep?
Uh.  Is Ben still in the locker room?
Fuck where’s Ben?? I don’t want Mason
KILL ME
CAM SUTTON
Where's that guy who said Fitzpatrick was overrated?
Rudolph time....?
Ma$on should not be on the field this year
aww shieett here we goooo
Fuck Ben’s in the locker room
Mason time
Mason Rudolph? Oh No.
Come on we are down to a 2-6 team
THAT WAS SO SICK
Loooooolllll
Oh god Mason don’t turn the ball over please
Geez I thought fitz was gonna run the wrong way for a sec
BALL
WOW!!!
God I don't want Mason in.
Quackers now
What is this game?
"he floated that 

I swear of he throws a pick 6"
So we could have tied this and now we have to try not to turn it over.
Wait does this mean that Rudolph is coming out?
OH YEA now this is Steelers football
fItZpAtRiCk hAs regReSsEd tHis YeAr
Oh Rudolph
Mason “The Goat” Rudolph will score a td for us
Rudolph with your nose so bright give us the fucking Dub tonight
Rudolph has to watch those floating passes.  Easy to pick off for 6 the other way.
Show us what you got Mason
i like how that never touched the ground. cant even complain the catch and no football move lol
"MINKAH!

MY DUDE!"
Hello
Oh no. Rudolph.
Hahahaha fucking mason
Hopefully Mason has had enough time to pull himself together after the results yesterday.
That's exciting! Just went right into his hands
THE BATTLE OF THE BACK UPS!
"My, my, my. How the turn tables.... - Michael Scott"
no way Rudolph expected to get into the game
what if this is the beginning of the mason rudolph era
Ima have to blame the sun for this half
Fuck these refs smh
Why do people think Mason for one drive would be bad? He's always good his first few drives lol.
So many Steeler fans in the stadium they r cheering for that!!!
Just run it
Mason out there without his chin strap all the way done
[deleted]
These pop balls are gonna fucking make my heart explode today.
Juju’s spidey gloves
"Where can I bet on Josh Dobbs losing a wildcard game for us this year, just like go down to Rivers or what?"
4 yard pass and time out.  Dont fuck this up
Why did Dallas spend a TO there
Replay the down? Christ
JuJu channeling his inner Franco!
Lol
Also wtf was rudy throwing to. Holy hell it looked like a dunk attempt
I forgot how bad Rudolph was
come on boz
I would attempt a field goal.  Boz can hit 54 yards.
No arm
Ok that replay of the hit on Ben looked bad
He freaking sucks still
Lmao
And of course McCarthy still believes in icing the kicker...
Geez.... bad football
So fucking early good lord
Sigh...
Fucking sun 😠
Holy shit what a leg!
BOZ!!!!
Holy fuck
Wow redemption
Boswell you're amazing
YO WHAT THE FUCK
FUCKIN RIGHT BOS
Reverse jinx success!
He made it WTF
why are you calling a time out
LETS GO BABY
Well that’s one way to make a record
He did it!
BOSWELL THAT ENDS WELL
You beautiful Bos
"what a fucking legend, the wizard of boz"
My hopes that this game would be done before my shift starts in two hours are dwindling fast.
BOSGOD IS AN AWESOME GOD
"Thank you, Bosgod!"
That was..... interesting
Boz fucking NAILED that one.
Lol he makes it
God damn Bos!
Love a franchise record.
"Keep Rudolph away from Boswell, don't want him to rub off on him."
Fuck yeah Boz! Fuck yeah false start!!!
What is this game? I just.. I just can't.
We’re gonna have to come up with some one read quick passes for Mason this half.
Don’t think that Ben should come back if injured. We’re 7-0 and it’s be pretty difficult for us to *not* make the playoffs. Need to play the long game here. We also need a better backup plan than Mason...
"Now that we got some points on the board, we better not play like the usual 2nd half Steelers."
"If last week for the Steelers is a yardstick, it's already over for the Cowboys."
"2nd half steelers, here we go!"
So what 4 or 5 Field goals in second half from BOZGAWD?
Well this game has unfortunately pretty much gone the way I thought it would except for Ben getting hurt. Just had a bad feeling about it. Too bad I didn’t bet that way..sigh.
Defense still looking bad.
"Damn, that O-line isn’t letting TJ get through"
"Run from it


Dread it


2020 arrives all the same"
Minkah is magic
Man Gilbert out here throwing darts.
Wtf we wouldn’t call that play. And why? It works
Is Dallas’ 4th strong qb better than Andy dalton? I think so
LB on Cooper again
Lmao Dupree on cooper. Next level matchup.
They're doing whatever they want.
JFC
This is so embarrassing omg
They’re still giving them too much space on the ground man
They never call holding for us
how they did both miss
"Lol who’s 73???

Edit: ahhh never mind it’s Carlos Davis"
We need Alualu back.
TJ bad play :(
Defense looking pedestrian
I’m so confused with the defense right now. Such a weird look at times
"They’re entire game plan revolve around quick passes to spread out the defense and avoid the huge pressure we’re getting. Just gameplan for that, guys."
The WRs need to start getting massive YAC with a gimpy Ben
"well, that's not gonna do it"
Just end my suffering and beat us already
Turnover is gonna get us back
Someone please say SIKE
Should be a Steelers' jersey for Williams now.
"I know he was open, I know if ben isn't rushed he probably nhits him but why are we doing risky shit when we've looked like ass."
"Its a TD game, and second half this year been our thing most of the season.  We got this."
Let's make some magic happen defense.
pick 6 here would be lovely.
What the actual fuck
"Look at that box count... is that a joke?

Four o lineman and two defenders lined up on them. No wonder we can’t stop the run"
Mental check out so far
Is it the play call or can they just not stop Pollard?
what happened to our run defense
cant get a 3rd down stop
Is Cam getting doubled. Need a fucking play
Did the only prepare for Elliot and nothing else?
"3 lineman and 2 defensive lineman on the 1st down run

bad math again"
This is seriously unacceptable
What kind of crap D was that
Just like last week. Large chunk plays on third down. Difference is the offense was ok last week.
If you're gonna just hand them yards may as well just lay down and give them the TD and skip the middle man.
Holy holding batman
Pollard looking like prime Adrian Peterson
This is stupid.  Just stupid.
Our defense looks weak as shit
“Random” is probably the best ever description I have ever heard for Farve’s QB style.
So our run d is pretty bad without Tyson it seems
Lol Nelson
More zone. God I hate butler
Steve Nelson is fucking garbage
"The pittsburgh ""let 'em break every tackle"" steelers"
I wish any of our backs had the holes these guys are getting.
Steve Nelson scared to tackle Zeke lol. Go for the legs bro 
itchin for a int right about now...
Vince Williams dropping back in coverage is my favorite thing
This is just exhausting
Yo these games are getting painful. We have gotten dominated 2 weeks in a row
Everyone who put money on the Cowboys looking like absolute genius’ tonight
Cant force a single third and long
Fucking coaches and leaders not getting this team ready to play.
Dude they’re just marching down the field
Oh look another LB on a receiver
I’m in so much pain
Damn Steelers make me feel like a fool every week.
Just remember we got 2 more bad teams up next and ones record is extremely deceptive.
This guy is really picking us apart
It’s been all game where linebackers have been on WRs. Come on guys change something.
Heart...stopping...uuugh
Gilbert looks like a hero
We are getting embarrassed
Are we doing some avant garde shit with our linebackers? Like I feel like Bud and TJ are getting used weirdly today.
Well this sucks
they should probably start playing man D and get out of the zone
They are wiiiide open everywhere on the field. It's so easy for them to score on us. Even for a guy who threw like 6 NFL passes in the last 4 year's.
Lol smh
Wtf
Come on
No fucking way.
This is fucking hilarious
Pathetic
PUSH THEM BACK FOR FUCKS SAKE. WHY DO WE LET THEM FALL FOWARD
"I hate to be pessimistic - and there’s a lot of game left - but we are simply put, not playing well.  What can I say?"
The tank is almost empty after two tough road games
I’ve never seen such bad tackling lmao
"I'm used to them giving up 3rd and long to passes

but runs

thats new"
LET BEN CALL THE PLAYS
Why not. WHY THE FUCK NOT.
Yikes
Might as well just take the defense out on 3rd down
Averaging 25 points a game so let’s do that now pls
I still have hope
Have to get a TD on this possession
IT'S NOT FUNNY TONY
99 has to walk home right?
Can you guys stop with the “even we win this its pathetic”. It isn’t. A win is a win and keeps our lead in the north. Not all our wins have been beautiful. You take wins how you get em. Period.
I don’t understand how the announcers are always surprised like this doesn’t happen every single year lmao
Love how Juju fight for yards
alright alright right... juju with some.blocking. Me likey
"Oh, yes Juju."
Good play by Juju. Nice block by Chase
More of those please
Let’s go juju
Ben took the harder crosser that time
Chase has to bring that in
Juju gettin pissed
claypool has to catch that
Claypool...you got to catch those...
Juju clutch
Jesus Christ
Lets fucking go JuJu!
FUCK YES JUJU LETS GO
Juju is sooooo tough and reliable!
Juju comes in CLUTCH always
thank you juju
FEED JUJU
No excuse. Clay pool needs to get those
JUJU WAKING UP 200 YARD FINALE
crap C'mon Ebron
The over throw...
JUJU
LETS GOOO
LETS FUCKING GOOO JUJU
Plz Boz come through
LETS GOOOOOO
JuJu with the hard carry
"K come on defense, please"
please boz get us this extra pt
Time for the defense to get a stop and we’re rolling
God I love that man!! Juju is the real deal.
Juju is legit. Need to find a way to keep him
Fucking pay that man.
JuJu I love you.
Juju is one tough sob
JUJU SCHMITT SCHUSTER
What the fuck man
"Are you fucking kidding me?

No I'm being serious here is anyone fucking kidding me with this shit?"
"Is this fuckin for real? I’m having a nightmare, right. It’s Saturday night."
Step up D
Lmao that guy was just chilling there waiting for him to kick it
"Better, no ot for us. Lets win this"
Steelering requires to do something very poorly after someone else does something very good. It is what creates the balance.
3 and out. 3 and fucking out. X4 we win 31 24 done
"Dotson didn’t move at all the entire play, get that undisciplined shit out of here"
Minutes since Baker Mayfield commercial: ~~5~~ 0
Lets go!!!!!! Guys positive vibes. Def needs to do their thing. Here we go!
Wtf was that
Game over.
"coaching, all of this is on coaching"
Fuck this.
Unfuckingbeliveable
[deleted]
"ST has cost us this game today, jesus"
are you kidding me
Special teams has been garbage today.
This team is dumb
STOP TRYING TO LOOK CUTE HOLY SHIT
This is fun.
Pathetic
What the fuck is up with this
Holy shit. All 3 phases.
How come in all kicks there has been a dude in Boswell’s face?
NO FUCKING SHOT
It's the SAME play how is that not covered
So fucking stupid
Steelers with another great special teams play.
This game is cursed af
Defense just had to stop here. But let’s set them up in fg range.
We are FUCKED. Piss off...
Dammit Layne left his lane
Pathetic
you have to absolutely shitting me
Special teams really is special
Idk why we’re trying all this bullshit
Fuck this shit
Fire Danny smith tomorrow. Get fucked
Lol Jesus Christ
Our kick return D is usually good no??
If we couldn't not keep letting up big plays that'd be great
We are being outplayed in all 3 phases lol
Special teams are looking short bus special. What in the world.
We don't deserve to win this
JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
Welp gg bois
Holy shit
How did he get 5 yards out of that. It looked like he got lit up 2 yards in
Tomlin you fucking asshole
Stop letting them run ffs
Zeke running through our defense. I've seen this before. Not even gunna get my hopes up
Special teams fucking us feels oddly nostalgic.
Why act like a real team? Why? WHY!
😂😂
Defense and special teams were disgraceful today.. and no adjustments in sight.
What the fuck Richard!
I get the offense sucking but what's going on with the defense today?
As guess the guys needed their clock cleaned today. Maybe they’ll show up ready to play football next week.
Let’s go D! Let’s hold em to 3
I’m straight up not having a good time
"Good thing the Defense blocked that, would’ve been a TD he was open lol"
it was nice having defense for 7 weeks
"Worst coordinators in the entire league, across the board, every side of the ball."
Defense couldn't stop a peewee team rn
Make a fucking stop here please. Bail out this ST unit
[deleted]
FUCK
"I play Renegade, and the Steelers get a stop"
figures there would be a flag
Well that was needed
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
All good after the pick
How bout a 95 yard drive
Best thing to happen on that flag tho
Nance is glitching today. Second time he said Dallas when he meant Pittsburgh.
MiNkAh WaShEd LmAo
It’s juju time
LETS FUCKING GO
"Thank you, Minkah"
"Well, that just means we gotta go 99 yards and waste most of the clock doing it. Let's go!"
"I feel like our QBs are fighting over who can make more dumb throws

I kinda like it.....?"
Momentum shift. Let’s do this!
A stop is a stop this was a very important drive for Dallas
TJ is the only player I’ve ever seen kneel in the endzone
Shotgun when inside the five?
Cam made that play
"Come on Diontae, you have been JV for 3 games now"
Man I had high hopes Diontae but he’s been disappointing me 😣
McCarthy needs dat absolute unit mask
WEAR THEM THIN
"I’d like to see some running but it wasn’t working earlier, so I really can’t complain"
Tony Romo knows football
Need at least a FG
Diontae is so good at evading tackles
Nantz has been making mistakes all night.
That LE has been so close to offsides this whole drive.
its been one of those games
LES GO
Hahahaha fuck you Dallas!
BASED REFS I LOVE REFBALL
Oh thank fuck lol
Jaylon just saved our ass
Fuck me sideways with a belt sander Jesus christ
well that worked out for the best
Phew
Phew.
Conner looks rested.
Cmon they’re tryna give us this game
Thank fucking Christ.
"You chuckleheads in here acting like Rudolph can be as good as Ben are delusional if you think he could put together a drive like this. 

Only thing he has in common with Ben is the ability to fumble."
Lmao cowboy fans PISSED
Cowboys imploding?
lol @ the music starting and getting shut off
Lol are the cowboys imitating the bungles
The come back kid
I’ll take that
"Oh my god enough penalties I want this game over before I have to leave for work. 

I gotta start getting ready in like 20ish minutes. Come on!"
DOES ROMO HAVE HIS CONTACTS ON INSIDE OUT? How could he not see the punch
jesus christ this whole dallas team can rot but thanks for the penalties
Good to see the Cowboys self destruct.
"We might win today, but going 5-wide on every single play is not sustainable.  WTF is up with our running game?  We need to get it on track.  Pick a guy and stick with him."
Love it
Lve with a punk ass move
got away with another one
Got me yelling obscenities at my tv
The fuck they trying to claim 'holding onto his facemask'... you cant grab with your forearm and wrist
Ticky tack penalty but I’ll take it
LETS GO OFFENSE
Ridiculous
I'll take the FG here
Cmon BOSGOD
"&#x200B;

Mr. Automatic    ➡️    Chris Bowswll"
Boz God 🥲
FG it is then
Boswell playing so well.
Ghaut
Bro who is this crawford dude sheeesh
Atta Boz
Let’s go d
I’m a novice when it comes to special teams but there has to be a way to account for a guy that’s constantly jumping over the LOS
I want this ball so far out I can't see it
Dial it up.
Has Avery Williamson been playing today?
Good fucking knock
Renegade
BosGod not even gonna give them a chance to try some bullshit on a return.
"They say that the team who wins the turnover battle wins the game. But boy-oh-boy, last two games and 6 takeaways... still doesn’t leave much breathing room"
"Thank God Boswell boot that kick, our special teams would've blown it."
Another PD for Watt
I know refs have helped a few times this season but I defo feel that usually that's not the case for the Steelers so I'm really not complaining
Our D Line is literally made of saltines.
One 3rd down stop is all I ask for
Sure doesn’t feel like we’ve only given up 19
Course they get it.
Holy shit he actually made a play
Mondo cool
4 minute fucking drill
BRING US HOME BIG BEN
"they man to man and good things happened

waited long enough"
That was a “mondo” tackle
Thankfully he didn’t set his feet for that throw
Cmon defense.  I’ll give you my first born or something.
Only second punt today lmaooo
Offense need to step up
Time to close this shit out
Mondeaux!!!!!!
I’m scared
"mccloud definitely aint scared of getting hit sticked

send him over the middle lol"
finally their 4th string qb messed up.  how is he playing so well when Mason is so awful?
Let’s gooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!
If we score we absolutely need to go for 2. We can't do shit for extra points today
LETS GO 2 MINUTE BEN
Last second game winning FG time?
I don’t want this to come down to a FG attempt. They e been way too close to blocking every kick
Romo with the cave man insult to Henry. Oof
Where are they finding all these punters with these foreign names? One team has a Scottish guy. Another has an Australian guy I think. Is it because of a soccer thing? Maybe something to keep in mind when we replace Berry
I just wanna say Joe is a beast he called that run play out and pointed Henry in the right direction.
Here we go steelers!
Offense take my energy!
Were losing and throwing 1 yard passes lmfao
Turnstiles up front. C'mon big guys
CLAYPOOL MAN
Our O is stacked. Ben is feeling it. Let's go!
Underthrows every pass this game...
So many fucking drops man
3 and out is not optimal Ben
It’s going to come down to those missed XP isn’t it?
And now we got the dropsies
Claypool deep td right here cmon.
This is a disaster
Someone catch the fucking ball please.
"This game is to close to not be running the ball at all

Edit: especially only being down 1"
somoene catch please. gd it
2 drops in a row not ideal
Probably on us
We do not need home runs!
Claypool with the drops ..
3rd drop by claypool
Ref ball thank god
REFBALL REFBALL
Jugs machine on Monday
Lol
How boy that
"Has Claypool pulled one in all day?


Edit: nvm lol"
lol I’ll take it
Why are playing Flacco ball?
Our team is playing very disappointing today.
Good ol Refball
We are getting bailed the absolute fucked out with these flags.
I wish our offense could play mid to deep routes it would be nice to not have to always nickel and dime
Good catch Claypool
Automatic first down
Mapletron being demoted to maplecrief if he doesn’t come up with some plays on this drive
walked away to pee before that call so i will be reading the thread in the bathroom for the rest of the game lmk how it goes boys
GOOD SHIT LETS GO
LETS GOOOOOOO
That’s the dumbest rule on the planet jesusss
YESSSSSSS
Weak call tbh. I’d be pissed if that went against us.
FUCK YES!
LETS GO OFFENSE
It was a legitimate call so I’ll take it
Let’s go Diontaaeeeeee
Diontae Motherfucking Johnson!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The left side has been vulnerable all game.
Johnson is such an amazing player
LETS FUCKING GO
Should have stayed in bounds
Clock management mike
DJ!!!!!!
DJ FUCK YES
WHY DOES THIS FEEL LIKE THE SUPER BOWL RIGHT NOW WHAT THE FUCK
"All those idiots saying DJ is bad after the catch, WYA?"
Whole bar yelling SNAP IT SNAPIT SNAPIT
LETS GO OFFENSE
Johnson fucking saves the day and showing why we've got the most deadly receiving corps in the league!
TD
DRAIN THAT CLOCK DON'T STEP OUT CLAYPOOL USE YOUR HEAD DAWG
[deleted]
Lions fan coming by to say you guys are awesome. What a team... what an organization
🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
HURDLE EBRON
Gotta use up the clock now
"Go for 2

Makes no difference if we miss it

Makes a hell of a difference if we get it"
i'm afraid that they've scored too early
EEEEEEBRON
We need the 2.
That is a steelers heavy crowd in jerry's house.
ok defense. your turn again. you got this.
"Fuck yes ebron

Get 2"
this entire game has been way too close for comfort.
God I love having a tight end like Ebron
Holy fuck
Go for 2
EBRON!!!
Got to go for 2
Well that went exactly how I thought it would
Let's goo! But game's not over!
I hope the d is ready!
Wooooow
Of course we don’t get the 2 point conversion
🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀🦀
ERIC EBRON!!!
"Ebron is a fucking beast!! 

God I hope we didn't leave too much time on the clock though..."
So much time. KICK THE BALL OUT. NO SPECIAL TEAMS. KICK IT OUT
One more time D
Shut em down
"DEFENSE

WINS

CHAMPIONSHIPS"
Pick six comin baby
Holding my breath!!
I did NOT want this to come to defense. Shit.
It's all on the D
Defense please take my power
We just need the D to come up big like last week
"2 missed XP still loom large, should be up 8"
Our defense won’t let em score a touchdown
cowboys coach is gonna have a heart attack after that call.
You know what this reminds me of? 2014 when we took the lead and Glennon beat us with a last 30 seconds touchdown. Please hold them off D.
That felt like a dirty drive but that jumping TD was awesome.
OUR D GOT THIS
Make a stand D... no recounts!
Defense. Fucking prove yourself.
Alright D time to do stuff
Defense gunna have to win it again........
D!
CB saw that coming the whole way.
Game gonna come down to missed XPs
My chest hurts again
I kind of miss Heath Miller
How does a Mike McCarthy keep his job in February ...?  lol
How many timeouts do they have
Nooooo
Looks like blitzing was the key
Damn Vince flying at him
Bince
Edmunds got a break there because he was beat
Sackem
GILBERT LOSING IT
I thought Vince was Hampton getting air.
When do we play renegade?
LETS GO DEFENSE
LETS GOO FOURTH DOWN
Holy fucking shit
Holy shit that was almost a fucking disaster lmao
Is “in the grasp” not a thing any more?
Haden just saved us so hard
Did he throw that from the ground?
And the election is called
"Sit down, fat fuck McCarthy.  You lost."
Why couldn't the defense play like those 4 plays all game
LETS GOOLO
I still love this defense.
And boom goes the dynamite
LET'S FUCKING GO
Defense finally steps up!!!
CAM FUCKING HAYWARD
LET'S GGGOOOOOOO
CAM HEYWARD YOU BIG BEAUTIFUL BEAST
Easy never had a doubt we wouldn’t win
CAME UP BIG WHEN WE NEEDED IT
Let's fucking go
I gotta be real... This defense is tired. Game plan this week was to sit back play zone and let the cowboys make mistakes. Going after a rookie is the way to shake them.
8-0!?!?!?? LETS FUCKING GO
Big dogs eating.
I AM IRON HEAD
BOOM!!!!
Fucking rights.
Monstrous Cam
THAT'S THE BIG PLAY WE NEEDED BOYS
"LETS FUCKING

# GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Love that big D!!!
Dallas HC has no neck bruh
Did we win????
BEST START TO A STEELERS SEASON IN HISTORY!!!!!!! 8-0 MOTHAFUCKAHHHHHHHSSS
Holy fucking shit
Watt said its time for you to go night night
Run three times... kick the field goal since we can't seem to make an extra point... and yeah... this was ugly as fuck.
"That's funny

Heywood set em up and watt finishes him off

8-0"
So many close games. Our problem seems to be our defense is weak regardless of who the other quarterback is.
Like last week. We played like utter dogshit but still got the dub. Very enticing for the future
This is the way
Can they just please stop playing these kind of games just once.  I mean are they trying to kill there fan base.
Not a win yet. Remember Cowboys v Falcons
Just do a TD. Easiest solution haha
Our D showed up!
QB sneak?
So I’m going to assume everyone was having a pucker of a time this game
Wtf tho? Just take the 3?
Well fuck more stress
Hmm
Isn’t crazy how once we started pressuring the QB he started making mistakes?
Lol @ running to the outside with Conner
"WTF was the logic there?

banking on another blocked FG"
What the fuck are these cunts doing?!
WTF WAS THAT
Why not kick a field goal?
Why is Ben scared of QB sneaks?
Whyyyyyyy
Is there any reason we didn’t kick the FG there?
ST has been so lack luster. I'm not mad
Wow. Kick the fucking field goal you idiots.
LETS GO DEFENSE
Come on defense
I'm in a nightmare and I can't wake up.
OMFG
Man y’all could very easily eat your words
NOT LIKE THIS BROOOOO
Decastro looked like a flailing fat boy out there.
I don’t know if I can physically clench my asshole every weekend boys. Lets fucking go
If you’re that worried about the special teams fire the fucking coach.
What da fuck goin on
DEFENSE PLEASE
There is no fucking way....
why
What the fuck was Vance doing? He walked right past a cowboy and blocked dd
Hes out of bounds
JUST KICK THE FUCKING FIELD GOAL YOU STUPID MOTHERFUCKERS
LETS GO DEFENSE
Such a fucking shit take by Romo. Why the fuck would we do that??
Dawg......
Please D please
Jesus H Christ
Dude. Absolutely fucking disgusting. Fuck Randy.
Does Derek Watt not have a role on this god damn team?
DID WE LEARN NOTHING FROM THE VIKINGS
I’m so confused
wtf
omg are we gonna lose this?
Playing the prevent
LETS GO DEFENSE
This is killing me
"I wouldn’t have gone for that, but I probably would’ve snuck it if I did. We haven’t been able to run all day."
"Someone needs to grill Tomlin on why a FG was not attempted. He better not give some lame answer like ""we want our offense to win it there""."
We’re gonna lose this
Omg omg omg omg come on
"This is the way the world ends, this is the way the world ends. Not with a bang, but with a dumb ass call to not take the 3 points."
Wouldn't be a steelers game if it didn't end with a heart attack
After I just made a joke. Shit tf
How many times have we been stopped on 3rd/4th and 1 this game? Kinda sad
How is there not a view of that straight down the line
If we lose because of that..
Is this game 2019?
LETS GO DEFENSE!!!
ITS THIRRDDDDD DOWNNNNN
Deep breaths fellas.  Woosah lol
"God Terrell I love you, your a Hokie but do NOT run full speed like that at a receiver with how they’ve called this game"
2 more!
"0:07


No mista bond. I expect you to lose"
You know I would'nt be on the verge of a heart attack week in and week out of Tomlin wouldn't make stupid decisions like not going for the field goal.
rear naked choke on tj. seriously.
lmao they gave them a chance. Unbelievable
Fuck it I’m playing renegade again for the whole remainder of the this drive. This is too intense
I think the though process on the fg was to avoid them blocking it for a touchdown return or something. Still a debatable decision
CMON DEFENSE
👁👄👁
Coming down to last play like last week with our  **defense** on the field  👀
Prevent D
Alright now It comes down to 1 play
1 more stop!
FUCK PLEASE
You gotta be shitting me right now
Ahhh there we go
LETS GOOOOOO
Whew. My heart is still beating so fast.
AAAAAND THATS A WRAP
He fucking body slammed Watt. Stupid cowboys
OVER!!!!
Ill take it. good night
I HATED that
Jesus man. Not a pretty win
THANK GOD
LETS GO
LETS GO
That was much closer than it needed to be. Holy shit.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
"Pack it in, boys. This one is a win!"
Minkah again
3...2....1.....OMG WIN
"I just wanna say for fairness that the hold on TJ was flagrant but the refs have given a lot of help this game. Steelers shouldn’t have put themselves in this situation anyway.

Edit: nvm let’s go lers, fuck the cowboys"
Holy shit they were playing deep
Wow. 2 weeks in a row.
NEVER IN DOUBT BOYS!!!
JFC my heart.
cant there just be a normal game for once?????
WINSBURGH
Nearly had a heart attack tho
Ben has like a dozen O faces
WE FIND A WAY
8-0 baby we did it
**NEVER DOUBTED FOR A SECOND**
Messy win omfg
Damn 8-0 steelers are fire this season
I can sleep now.
The Steelering has began
"Stop fucking crying ""Steelers"" fans"
Washington > Johnson and it’s not close
Favored by 14.5. Losing 13-0. Classic Tomlining
"To all the annoying fans that are saying fuck Thai team, you are no longer allowed to root for the Steelers. If and when we start winning this game and any other game, kindly fuck off and root for another team."
If we don’t put points on the board before halftime this game is over
I’m going to go grill burgers. This isn’t worth watching
Knew this would happen
I'm gonna burst a fucking blood vessell.
"So 7-0 down 2 scores to 2-6 fourth string qb. Don’t ever tel me we don’t play down to opponents again. This is the definition of playing down. Hell, it’s playing worse!"
These guys need to just look in the mirror at halftime. For 12 minutes just look at the mirror and figure out who the fuck you are. Because what I'm seeing on the field today is horrifying
Ben should've hurt his knee earlier
So we’re back to Boswell hooking shit left again?
Boswell having a shit game. Let’s see if he can redeem himself with a 60 yarder.
If ben is out im turning it off.
Steelers FO need to be questioned why they didn’t bring in a QB.
"Was that a tiny jersey grab? Yes. Was it egregious enough to warrant DPI on an overthrow ball? Absolutely not.

Furthermore, that was not a tackle leading with the helmet on Ben. Anyone who is not an idiot can see that. The helmet made contact with him as he was lifting his head up - incidental contact.

Quit whining and start playing."
this :) game :) is :) annoying :)
Our line is embarrassing without Tyson
Come on Claypool...
Second time he’s done that. Team is just dead in the water and not reacting to anything
"Ugh take the touchback my dude

Too much traffic"
"Christ. Can't even get a fair interception without a damn penalty. 

Nantz you idiot it's the Steelers with the takeaway."
[deleted]
You’re insane if you think were driving 98 yards and scoring a TD lol
Yo what the fuck was that Vander Esch. You dirty fuck
Romo is a cowboys apologist man
"fucking romo waffling, thats a fucking punch!"
I guess Bos doesn’t like Xtra pts lol
Only positive was Fitzpatrick. Everyone else was a negative
Lmao when the coaches have more trust in Boz hitting a 60 yarder than Mason throwing a TD
All I can do is just smirk at how shit we are today. It is laughably bad
"All setup with Chinese food, dogs and myself are in our jerseys, got a really good sativa testing at 24.5% ground up, and a victory pre-roll on standby for when I get home from work in the morning. 

Let's fucking do this!!"
Why we wearing black on top?
Like we didn't know this bullshit was going to happen
"Lmao it’s the first drives for both teams. And the Steelers rarely have looked good in the beginning of games, let’s settle down now"
Optimal steelersing going on right now
What’s the point of having a great WR core when you don’t use them? So tired of how boring we always start out.
"2 runs and then a dump off pass with 16 yards to go

Talk about confidence there"
"3rd and 15, huh. #Steelering."
"I so wish there was a hotline we could call , so we can voice our opinions to someone inside the Steelers organization"
How's it feel that our Steelers thread looks exactly like the Ravens thread earlier? Have some class.
Tomlin special shaping up?
"If your heart is aflutter now, how will many of you handle Q4?  Have a beer, or two, or three as it is often the best antidote."
i say punt. our offense cant do shit lol
We look like absolute trash
Lol Ben is already calling the plays. Randy is so fucking trash.
Looks like Ben has taken over calls
Enough McFarland already. We have better rushing options on short yardage.
Tipical Steelers playing down to their competition
Cut 99 at halftime please
"Lmao were fitting outplayed by a fourth string so far. 30 yard bomb on drive 1. 30 yards running here. 

Meanwhile our offense looks like the browns."
TJ Watt covering lamb?
Ooof - please let Ben take shots now
Absolutely fuck Keith butler
Im actually more worried about this game than the Ravens game.
"Fichtner calling dumbass plays where we can't convert on 3rd and 1/ 4th and 1 and Butler is having TJ cover wide receivers. 

I don't think our coaches gave a fuck about this game this week."
God forbid we let the best pass rusher in the league put pressure on a fucking 4th string QB lol
We're getting cooked by a team that lost to Washington by 3 scores lol.
"Steelers look exactly like a team playing their 3rd straight road game during the second half
of the season."
"The only undefeated team in the NFL with an inarguably no. 1 Defense is losing to a third string QB. If we lose this game, remember that."
what a fucking break that was
Steeler football is infuriating sometimes
I fucking hate Steelering. I don't even know who to blame. This whole team is to blame.
Imagine if we were facing Dak. It would be 50-0
We deserve to lose this game. Imagine being outcoached by one of the worst coaching staff this season.
"Everyone here: Why is Romo sucking the cowboys dick???

Also Steelers:"
somebody give the sideline a call and give them a heads up we are playing today
Ah yes. The annual Ben shit the bed game against a garbage team.
"I’m shocked the spread for this game was 14 points lol, this is typical Steelers"
Look I get we played two straight physical road games against Tennessee and the Ravens but this game is pretty much the football gods balancing that by handing us a W. And we refuse to take it.
"It’s fine guys now I’m watching the game. I was out and about before, but now I’m watching."
Its painful watching them wait until they’re behind (against a terrible team) for them to start clicking on offense.
Ben cannot throw a deep ball for shit
No deep accuracy dear God
Fuck Romo man
Just TAPE IT UP
Dobbs should always have a hat because if he isn't better than Ma$on I will print out the PDFs of the gameday programs for the entire 1996 season and eat them with Hunts ketchup piled on top of a heap of skyline chili and crabcakes
How is mason rudolph on an nfl roster?
"50 seconds and 3 plays to get like 5 yards 

and they can't do it LOL"
Oh your mother offsets
Give me Josh Dobbs over Mason Rudolph any day of the week
I am fucking sick
Just put Dobbs in and throw it in the inzone you have better odds of making it.
Pittsburgh kickers aren’t built for kicking that far. Heinz Field is notoriously difficult to kick long field goals at
Why the fuck did we not bring in Jameis Winston
I take it all back Boz
I haven’t checked the r/NFL game thread. I assume they’re shitting all over us lmao
TJ limping ? God stop doing us like this
Our o line sucks this year
really 3 and out
This game is tied if Claypool doesn’t drop a sure TD in the first half. Y’all need to chill.
[deleted]
Nice of CBS to do an AV tribute on a day where he's having an abysmal game
Losing in the trenches on both sides of the ball smh
they are going to fucking fg us to death at this rate. make a fucking play defense
"THIRD STRING RB, 5TH STRING QB"
Fuck the Titans and the NFL for fucking us into an early bye week.
"The defense looks so inept. This has been a current trend this year.

Wonder what the issue is🤔"
Remember this is a fourth string qb
Can we just play Cleveland every week? That game was fun.
Shit defense
We are very fortunate to not be facing Cooper Rush tonight. Mike McCarthy is merciful.
Pathetic
The only reason we are in this game is because of bad play calling by the Cowboys
Kick the fg. You know the Steelers won’t score.
"No bye, harsh schedule three weeks in a row, third week on a road game. No injuries pls."
"60 Minutes: So how does the military intend to distribute a COVID-19 vaccine to over 300 million Americans?

Military: Chemtrails.

60 Minutes: Wait what? Seriously?

Military: Absolutely. We've been doing this sort of stuff for decades now.

60 Minutes: Why are you telling us?

Military: We perfected a memory wipe drug that'll be part of the COVID-19 vaccine. Standard stuff. Be glad you don't remember the summer of super diarrhea.

60 Minutes:"
That's another pass right through Claypool's hands.
JU FUCKING JU
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS???
Another missed PAT. Really been that kind of day man.
Special teams has killed us today
Our special teams is a joke
This really is the Tomlin special
Only we could shoot ourselves in the foot
The Steelers are losing this game because of special teams
Worst special teams in the league.
"Most likely underprepared for a much weaker opponent, and just not our game today. That’s all. Nothing truly to freak out about"
"I remember in the Cowher days, he would start every training camp with a day devoted to nothing but special teams. Seeing the way Dallas is winning this game through special teams play, I wish more modern coaches would put that kinda emphasis on special teams play."
I really believe we are frauds
"I’m not usually one to want to fire coaches, but whoever decided to not kick it into the end zone can pack their things and go."
"The mistakes this team is making right now are just hilarious, lol"
Did anyone think we were actually gonna win today?
Oh ye of little faith.  I knew we still had a chance. It isn't over yet
minkah is fucking disgusting
Why in gods name would you run that out. Actually a really costly play
Why not just fall down in the end zone?
This will end with a punt.
Anyone else think he should have kneeled it?
Love Minkah but I would have loved him to get a touchback
"Who are the cowboys playing today, thought it was the Steelers..."
"That shithead threw a punch, ejection"
VANDER BITCH
What the fuck is his problem
Did he throw a fucking punch?
Vander Esch threw a punch
[deleted]
Fuck that get that cocksucker out of there. He threw a punch
THIS FUCKING OLINE MAN!!!!
Lol we really bout to lose because of the missed FG
"We're playing like we only want a FG, which is weird considering we've missed a bunch lol"
"[Leaping is illegal ](https://www.nfl.com/news/nfl-bans-line-leaping-approves-ejections-for-head-hits-0ap3000000795748#:~:text=NFL%20owners%20passed%20a%20rule,kicks%2C%20the%20league%20announced%20Tuesday.&text=Defenders%20leaping%20from%20the%20second,has%20led%20to%20exciting%20plays.)"
"Boyfriend walks in: “this is close, huh?”

Me: “just as I expected”

Another game where we’re up by a few scores and breeze to a win would be fun instead of raising my anxiety week in and out, huh?"
This is bullshit. Nfc east is a power house this year
Stinky poopoo
Risky not calling fair catch
I have a feeling Boswell gonna have to come in clutch here.. hope I’m wrong
"We got a b.s. call.


I'll take it"
LETS GOOOO RESPECT BENS SPACE
We really celebrating the refs helping us against a 2-6 team?
A gift. A fucking gift.
That’s the first one for Ben in 5 years I think lol
Weak but legitimate call
Tbf the calls have been reasonable in some cases they just feel like dog shit bc we've played so bad and everyone hates the undefeated team. I don't agree w all the calls but overall refs just suck in general so
OMG they're only going to win this game bc they have more points at the end
Claypool. Dude
That was a weird conversion attempt. It was obvious that he was throwing to Claypool. Come on Ben. You’re better than that.
Claypool isn’t playing bad. But he hasn’t made any plays on some catchable balls
Holy fuck defense
Are the cowboy WRs covered in grease?
My Apple Watch just told me to take a minute to breathe haha
This one is for all the infants in the game thread
A father teaching his son a lesson.
8-0 BOYS!!!!!
EAT IT DALLAS!!!!!!!!
"Classic cocky Steelers, come on man"
"I don’t hate going for it, but why run the ball outside?"
STOP THE COUNT NOW!!!!!
We did not deserve to win.
Incoming pick 6 from Ben
That was some cute playcalling. Exactly the kind of thing that's caused us to Steeler games against scrub teams.
"Oh man Elliot is already averaging 2 YPC, we lost. Game over, let’s just forfeit now. 

/s

These game threads are pathetic."
I fucking hate Rudolph so much
"So now the Steelers finally showed up to play the game. Right after I pitched a bitch on this thread like 10 minutes ago roughly.  I have been mostly a lurker on reddit for over 3 years.  I have only posted less than 50 times total, ever. Hell, maybe less than 30.
    
I don't count, or even pay attention to up/downvotes, karma, etcetera... I couldn't give a fuck less. I won't even engage in an argument on here. I dont have the time or headspace.  

But believing in superstition,  maybe I should post on the Steelers game day thread more often. Hmm..."
How bad is it that I'm ready to turn on this team? They deserve to be scrutinized. This is dogshit from them.
"Fuck the Cowboys, and fuck all you fake Steelers fans who give up on the team before the game's over every week"
These announcers are annoying AF
"No lie, the yAlL are OvErEaCtInG people are as annoying as overrators lol"
If Ben is hurt we can pack it in for the year. I want no more of the Mason Rudolph Experience. He tried his best to shit away that possession.
It’s happening
I hate it here lol
Our defense is going to give up a TD this drive lol
Sure do love the 1-2 wasted timeouts per game we always have.
"We’re losing to Dallas, guys, season’s over."
"Best case scenario: We win by a field goal. 
Worst case scenario: we lose a trap game and get the undefeated monkey off our back, while also continuing to be the underdog in all games moving forward."
"Bench Snell already... hes not a power back, he was a fluke back.  Hes 3rd string now"
"This might be the single most pathetic performance I've ever seen in my life. It is inexcusable for a so-called elite defense to get worked by a team that hasn't even scored a touchdown since October. And the playcalling on offense wouldn't even be innovative in 1945. Absolutely abysmal, and everyone associated with the team should be ashamed. Can't believe I wasted an hour watching this crap. Off to do something more important like slam my fingers in a door"
"I'm not saying just Tomlin, but coaching is a problem"
Like Derek Watt was the biggest waste of cash imagine-able. Dude hasn't played more than 1 game I think
My bad everyone I took the Steelers in my survivor pool
And their defender leading with his head for the extra shot on Ben... just awesome.
All we needed was Ben to break his knee and we are all good.
Ah 2018 Boz is back
"Shew, I gotta admit it, Cowboys fans are entitled to their anger right now. That’s a shitty way for a half to end."
Idk what everyone is talking about. This Dallas D is as good as ours
1 sack? I'm insanely fucking disappointed man.
If we don’t have the easiest schedule in the league we’re 4-3.
Giving up a 9 yard run? Thats fucking pathetic
Watch for a fake. Dallas has nothing to lose
Claypool with another drop
AB IN TAMPA BAY SEETHING RN LOOKING AT JUJU
Did we figure out how to keep juju with the cap as it is? Or nah?
We always rally in the end baby!
Missed 2 extra points but made a 59 yard field goal lol
[deleted]
IS IT TOO EARLY TO PANIC NOW? AM I OVERREACTING?
"Reminder Dallas has only punted once all game. 

This defense is only elite when they earn or luck into a couple of turnovers."
It’s like every good play is met by a bonehead play.  I love Minkah’s aggressiveness but the play there is to get the fuck down and get the touchback
Johnson tries to do too much after the catch and ends up doing too little
I really hope Boswell doesn't lose us the game in the same game he made a franchise record
this game feels so gross
You have been awful today defense. It won’t matter if y’all make a stop right here.
Headline tomorrow: Pittsburgh has until 5 PM EST to clear $1.25m in cap room after signing Zebras
[deleted]
Suck a dick Jim Nantz
"I’m surprised that people are surprised that we’d play down to one of the worst teams in the league. It always happens lol

Why I was so confused about media members calling this a blowout coming in. That never happens."
AFC championship game: Chiefs 100 - Steelers 0
Let's win this for Biden and Harris!
"I'm down to fire Fichtner win or lose after this game. 

If you think about it if we don't score this first half including the first half last week, that'll be an entire game that Fichtner calls the plays and the team has scored 0 points. All the points last week came in the second half when Ben started calling plays. 

Seriously...fucking fire Fichtner."
Lol coaches didn’t prepare us on all three phases.
This thread is worse than the game somehow lol
So fucking done. Steelers look like the 2-6 team here. So fucking done.
[deleted]
Whole team is fucking lazy and Tomlin is literally just standing there doing nothing. I haven’t seen him speak a single word all game meanwhile McCarthy is over there actually coaching
"That was open-handed dudes...

I hate the Cowboys too, but that was CLEARLY open-handed"
I'd say stop the count but I'm pretty sure very team has made that joke at least 40 times.
Let’s play down to the Cowboys woo
I'm so worried that this is a trap game for us smh
"Waaaaahhhh, waaaaahhhh my favorite football team isn't doing everything perfectly. They'll never win another game again"
Calm down it’s the second quarter you guys act like our season is over like fucking chill
"Tomlin doing it again, overlooking opponents and not planning enough for the one we're playing."
Nothing has changed.. kaepernick???
Guess roughing the passer penalties aren't a thing anymore
And now you people see why Tomlin was under scrutiny in years past. Stupid decisions like that keep him from being a mastermind of a coach. What a stupid ass decision to let them back in the game by not trying an easy field goal.
Biden’s America made Bens knee weak
Romo is such a little bitch it’s insane
Play down to your opponent. The Mike Tomlin way
"Oh, and thanks to the yinzers who voted cheeto man out in PA"
"Wow, dropsies"
Another deep sideline incompletion...can we cut that shit out. Maybe some rub routes or something
....I'm worried.
Seems about right.
The Renaissance of Garrett Gilbert
Just watch this 4th stringer pass all over us because our defense doesn’t know their coverage assignments or Zeke mad dogging us. 🤦‍♂️
Defense is garbage since the 2nd half against Tennessee
ItS OnLy OnE PlAy
Holding on Vince Williams??
Beginning to smell a lot like trap game.
What is this horrible play calling? People told me it’s time to forgive Fichtner
What the fuck are these play calls? Is Fichtner and the team TRYiNG to lose? What the fuck.
I love it run run pass punt everytime until we get an almost unrecoverable deficit
Fire Fichtner. Now. Kill him. Vote him off. Do whatever but fucking Christ just get someone who doesn’t run on 2nd and long!
Romo is salivating right now
"This is vintage, perfectly aged, delicious, rare, exquisite steelering"
why do we always play down to our competition? why?
Maybe stop running it so much...
Any one else feel like we are watching a Dallas commentary on CBS? F-ing Romo....
Holy crap phones are so expensive. I thought the flip phone looked cool but it’s like $1200.....that’s almost as much as I paid for my first car lol
I swear to God randy fichtner gotta fucking go.
I would have personally did an end around with Claypool on that one or at least put him in motion to unstack the box in the middle
Kick. The. Fucking. FG
We are being outplayed on both sides of the ball
okay now I’m getting mad
The standard is the standard 😎
I know there’s been posts disproving the Steelers lose to bad teams thing... but like...
"Just tuned in and wanna ask:
What the hell is going on with this team?"
i am going to go throw up
STOP THE COUNT!
This team is a fucking embarrassment to watch
we are getting blown the fuck up by the cowboys right now
Worst secondary in the NFL still proving it.
Welp. Season's over /s
It’s the second quarter I swear to fuckin Jesus if I hear someone try to cal for Tomlin’s head imma lose my shit
Leave it to us to be embarrassed by a fucking 2-6 team. What a fucking poor effort by this team so far. Fuck our offense.
"I’ve been saying all week to myself that this is the trap game. Well, here we are..."
If we are going to loose then let them hang 60 on us
This must be our bye week.
"I was having a great day until now, fuck off"
Why do we lose to lower teams?
"The whole “lol everyone need to relax Haha, right, fire Tomlin 😭😭/s” is so old as this point. Getting upset about predicable collapses against horrible teams is not an overreaction. It’s completely legitimate."
I’m embarrassed by this Steelers performance right now
This shit is a joke lmao
So is it gonna be 17-0 at halftime or is our defense gonna man up and only give up 3 to this elite Garrett Gilbert led offense?
LMFAOOOOO
Lmaoooooooooo
Ben is playing like hot TRASH right now (right after I said this last week he threw a TD against Baltimore so bare with me 🤞)
I wish I at least lived in Pittsburgh but no I live in Texas and I'm going to get shit on tomorrow. Classic man.
I'm gone. @me when we wake the fuck up
Hay subreddit en español porque decir fuck y no vayansle a la verga no se siente igual
"It's allll goood. Chill people, our D will pull it together and save us."
Literally don't let Fichtner call another fucking play this game. We were favored by double digits and now we're down by double digits. As bad as the defense has been they've held them to 2 field goals when they could've had more. This shit is on Fichtner and his patented 3 and outs.
https://i.imgur.com/YzCcvyK.jpg
"Trap game anyone?  Fuck!  We need to right this ship before halftime. Their guts are wide open.  
It as if we thought this game was a win before it was played. Our Steelers have not shown up yet."
STOP THE STEAL!
This is on Tomlin.
"based on this threads supporters, we should just go ahead and put duck in there and see what happens"
"ANYONE THAT SAYS WE DONT PLAY DOWN TO COMPETION IS WRONG, im still confident well win but this is not the first time this shit has happend."
The real Steelers are waking up baby
grabbed his jersey and arm no call. dirty hit on ben. classy dallas
Well this games done if Ben is dead
IF WE PUT IN FUCKING MASON RUDOLPH I SWEAR TO FUCKING GOD
Now that Ben is hurt we will be better. This is the way
Astros cheated
FUCK
That throw was reassuring lol
And just like that it's 7 points. Screw you dumbfucks calling the game in the 2nd q
Of course Boswell misses
"Ben looks like he's hurting, but eh I guess it's not effecting him too much."
[deleted]
Rudolph Redemption Arc
Minkah where tf were you running?
So Ben has been saying that Dobbs has been helping him see things on the field yet he’s inactive and we are stuck with fucking mason
TD to juju please
Probably a hold and they are out of FG range
Damn Rudolph just looks lost out there
"""Sorry guys, Ben went to the bathroom, so I'm in. Gameplan is not letting anyone got me with my helmet"" Rudolph, probably"
[deleted]
Reset the clock?
Why the fuck don’t we make Dobbs the two. He was always better than Mason.
Maybe we should’ve invested in a fucking backup QB???
I think we need duck part 2
Is there anyone in free agency we can sign to play QB? Can we trade for Fitzpatrick?
Boswell gonna be good from 63 yards
This team is playing Jet ball what the fuck in a taint lickinnbasket is this
this is pathetic
Just end the fucking half. Jesus
Can someone fill me in? I’m not watching. Is ben out?
if Ben is hurt that is just compounding what has already been the worst day of my life so far ......
It would be nice if he was actually consistent
What are we thinking that injury was? MCL sprain?
Perhaps the worst half of the season injury notwithstanding. Run defense still suspect. Butler too ignorant to understand that pressure needs to come up the middle when everything is a quick pass. Giving Snell and McFarland burn instead of Conner. Too many ridiculous decisions by this staff.
"Face the reality that at some point this year, we will have to rest Ben a game even if he finishes today"
We are not that good lol
Butler is handicapping Watt. Jesus Christ get rid of him.
lol i hate it here
Jesus this is painful
Can we just run slants and rub routes and curls and things. Why is there no intermediate passing?
Classic trap game
This is honestly embarrassing for our defense.
We can’t stop the run. We can’t tackle. No wonder we are losing this game.
Yeah this is a loss.
ITS ALMOST THE 4TH????
We can't stop the run of course you go for it
"These guys looked gassed, man."
We have them right where we want them
Time to fucking score
Are we suck?
"Its hurry up offense the rest of the game.

Need 7, a stop and 7 and its over.  They can do it.  Will they?"
BOO BOO SMITH SCHUSTER 😭🤙 #CallGod
Backyard football time
well being undefeated was cool
Wow. He just missed
"Mapletron, get some syrup on those gloves."
Lord why y’all blaming chase for that second drop Ben threw it a mile behind
"1st and 15

they better not run it here"
Somehow we are still the live betting favorite
Why is Cam on the field?
qUiT sElLiNg CeReAL aNd MaKe tOuChDoWn
Oh fuck a flag....
This is just fucking comical at this point with the kicking team
I never got over my extra point anxiety from Bos’ bad season and it’s through the roof tonight.
Special teams are special ed today
"If you think about it, we could be 1-6 with how some of our wins went lol"
Ah here comes the special teams regression we’ve been waiting for.
0/2 on extra points with a 59 yard field goal. Surely this is the first time that has ever happened in history right?
Steelers are 0-5 vs these refs in the last 5 games
"All 3 of our Coordinators are having a shitty game. Ficthner has the offense looking like a dead corpse, Butler has the defense playing the worse matchups ever, and Danny smith got the Special teams shitting the bed so hard, it’s the biggest reason we’re losing right now. 

But somehow we’re still in it, and will win this shit!"
Special teams really trying to lose this game
For all the whining about Randy we're gonna lose this game on special teams lmao
We are frauds
the secondary is bad...i'm tired of people thinking it's not.
Like I said. This team fucking sucks. Can't even beat the Cowboys.
"Every time this team takes a step forward, we take three back."
Fucking fire the special teams coach
Its over
Edmunds making dumb fucking plays nothing new
[deleted]
Jim nantz doing his best Lou holtz impression right now
Eject him
Are you fucking kidding me Vander esch??????
HE JUST THREW A PUNCH CLEAR AS DAY ROMO
"Man, I'd be wasted if I took a shot everytime the Steelers got a bailout call"
Throw his ass out. That was a punch
"Fuck you, Vander Bitch!"
WTF he punched him lol
Vander Esch playing dirty as fuck  🖕
Dirty as fuck right there
Lots of deliberation considering he just hit the guy in the face.
Used to like that kid. Fuck him
I swear it’s hard just to catch a break
Renegade time y’all!!!!
I am smelling a Spilane stop/turnover.
Have the Steelers run the ball once this half?
smells like a trap game
Only good play he has today.  Mondo still trash
Lol y’all ready??
#R.E.L.A.X.
"Guys, I don’t give up hope easily. But I am scared that we’re gonna make a critical mistake."
"Please dont let this come down to boz , i like him but he has been shaky today"
We are so garbage lmfao
Lmao 3 and out.
"Obvious call. 

Hands to the face of the QB"
Ben got an RTP call? It's a miracle
Gonna buy a Ref jersey after this game
The fact we need the refs to hand us the win against the COWBOYS is pitiful
"Cool let's play baby shit soft zone, that'll get it done."
Lol we have been unbelievably lucky and still barely winning. They are on some shit ass QB and our defense suddenly sucks dick. We look like the Jets.
All they needed to do was run run run and kick a fg. Make this GG dude drive down yjr field with no timeouts
GREAT TEAMS FIND A WAY TO FUCKING WIN
"Breeze of a game, never in doubt"
DONT TRY A FUCKING FIELD GOAL
"If they lose im done with this team, that is absolutely ridiculous"
Tomlin is an idiot for not kicking that.
At first I didn't think it was a catch until Tomlin threw the challenge and now I'm thinking it definitely was.
Refs giving Dallas a free timeout to rest and make a play with that review
Y'all up in here acting like that FG was a gimme....
Thank god but seriously fuck you Tomlin
THANK FUCKING GOD DUDE JESUS CHRIST WE IN NO WAY DESERVED THAT SHIT
"FUCK MY ASS WITH A RAKE. We did not deserve that but holy fuck, my voice box is ruined."
No trap no trap no trap no trap
"^panick 


For real, chill the fuck out. It's not even an important game if we do lose."
"So, should I start playing Renegade now, or........"
3-0. It's over going to watch a movie or something.
Is it just me or did that little skirmish this week between fichtner and ben result in ben having less control over play calling? Ben looks uninterested and like he isn’t trying today because these aren’t his plays. Probably isn’t true but I just feel like ben is petty like that
We stand zero chance against KC.
It is so obvious when Ben is calling the offense.
Seconds from turning off. This is embarrassing
"""Herr derr stop being negative this early herr derr its only been × amount of series herr derr"""
"I'm not sure what hurts more: That it's happening, or that **we fucking knew it would happen**"
WERE LOSING TO THAT FAT FUCK MCCARTHY
If we lose I’m protesting
I’m gonna unfollow juju if we lose
"That lazy snap, missing a play before 2 mins encapsulates everything we've witnessed thus far."
I'm so tired of watching us air the ball out. Lmfao Ben's deep ball is the worst in the league
Take him out of the fucking game! This game is not worth Ben getting injures.
There is the cap'n fat fuck pump fake... and wtf Boswell
Were so fucked
get outta town boswell
Thank you Dallas for taking the penalty
On behalf of all of us we would like to sincerely apologize to Chris for any remarks made about the missed extra point
[deleted]
We can't stretch the field and I think defenses are starting to catch on to it. Big Bens deep ball lacks accuracy and power. Fuck it sucks so much to see age and injury bring one of his best attributes down like this
2 games we cant stop the rush.  Our Defense is being exposed.
OUR DEFENSE SUCKS
You guys still think we’re a SB team?
Christ. Even when they start moving they just fuck it up. Come on already.
This game needs to be a wake up call for Tomlin regarding our offensive play calling. This shit can not slide if you wanna make a deep playoff run.
I’m actually happy we might lose this game lol maybe it’ll make people stop acting like we’re the best team in the league
Right i mean ben is better then our second and third string but imagine if we had a Lawrence Taylor we would dominate for the nest five years only challenged by the cheifs in our division
"We gonna lose, aren’t we?"
Not sure if anyone is a penguins fan here but this is kind of like when the pens play a no name goalie on a bad team. They just get outplayed
Selfish not taking the knee.
Romo is such a Homer piece of shit today.
We should be down 10 instead of 1 so this is as good as we could ask for with how this fire of a game has gone. Just need two more stops and one more score. Lets get it.
MOnDeauXxx iS sO baD
Let’s run it 3 plays in a row. They’re used to passing at this point.
Fuck everyone that says we scored too quick. I have faith in our D. God help me.
Are you fuckers gonna let them back in the game? Like really?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|02:00 4th|PIT|24|@|19|DAL|
|03:30 4th|MIA|34|@|31|ARI|
|Sun 11/08 08:20 PM ET|NO|-|@|-|TB|
|Mon 11/09 08:15 PM ET|NE|-|@|-|NYJ|
|Final|NYG|23|@|20|WAS|
|Final|CHI|17|@|24|TEN|
|Final|DET|20|@|34|MIN|
|Final|CAR|31|@|33|KC|
|Final|HOU|27|@|25|JAX|
|Final|BAL|24|@|10|IND|
|Final|SEA|34|@|44|BUF|
|Final|DEN|27|@|34|ATL|
|Final|LV|31|@|26|LAC|
|Final|GB|34|@|17|SF|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
This game as all the makings of a classic Tomlin choke job. Let’s hope it doesn’t happen.
Y’all were real cocky this week. I said this would be closer than predicted.
Damn man I really thought we wouldn't do any Steelering this game. I guess I'm the fool
This is why Mike Tomlin deserves criticism. He has consistently lost to the worst teams in the league.
I expect apologies from everyone that told me I was overreacting.
Was wondering when the real steelers would turn up
"Yeah we are losing this game, might as well take a nap"
(Serious question) What QB are available around the league? Or trade options?
Too late to trade for fitz? Lol please be ok ben
And this defense wanted to be considered one of the best of all time
Get Sutton off the field that was an embarrassing effort on the tackle
"If it isn’t over 50 yards, don’t let Boswell kick today. Lol"
The commentators never cease to amaze me with this justification for bullshit behavior. Every week they just try to justify these obvious personal fouls. Hope the steelers score a TD on this drive to stick it to them.
Defense is not #1.
One of the worst 8-0 teams in NFL history.
[deleted]
5TH STRING QB IF WE LOSE WE ARE PATHETIC
An AAF QB is shredding us
"Told myself I was gonna play through and beat Super Mario 64, Sunshine, and Galaxy before playing through Super Mario Odyssey finally. Had it in my backlog forever and every time I would get into it something else would come along that would distract me. By the time I returned to it I forgot what I was doing, moon locations, moves get rusty, and I just die a whole bunch losing all my coins.

Just restarted Odyssey again and realized Age of Calamity drops in less than two weeks. 

Hopefully I can finish Odyssey in two weeks lol."
[deleted]
"Hey, Romo. If you would shut the fuck up that would be real great. K, thanks."
"The only positive in this game is that now I don’t have to worry about winning a SB, now I know we’re not making it"
"this defense is absolutely fucking pathetic from top to bottom, the biggest steaming pile of dogshit can't stop anything"
Connor is so fucking trash and we keep trusting him to do 4th downs
I don't care that we won. The decision not to kick that field goal will forever be a stain on Tomlin's career. What a total shit show. Barely beat the 2-6 Cowboys.
Concerned about our depth on D line and playing down to competition but trying to stay positive...shades of Mike Glennon are dancing in my head
"Damn! Buffalo, Ravens, Tennesse and KC will all most likely win today. Gahhhh, would have loved to build a bigger AFC lead"
I thought this would be the first game I wouldn’t be nervous. I was wrong...
Anyone streaming it?
Crackstreams isn’t working right now...
"Damn, that was a ballsy kick. Would have been dope as hell if he made it."
"&#x200B;

Tony Romo is calling this game?

&#x200B;

Hmmm..."
Cowboys deferred. We get the ball first
HERE WE GO!!!
"Gilbert: Alright coach any advice before we get this thing started?

McCarthy: Greet death like an old friend.

Gilbert:"
So weird to be in black
Finally
Seeing a toooooon of towels in the stands... I love it
Lot of us Dallas steeler fans in the stadium today!!!
Party time boys
Mcloud so shifty
Why are we wearing home jerseys???
"My opponent in fantasy has johnson, juju, ebron, and the Steelers defense. I'm conflicted to say the least."
Look at Ben run!
LMAO BEN GOOD JOB!!!
My man got WHEELS
I could listen to Romo all day.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw1k20DpHfA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xw1k20DpHfA)
Wheels
Lol with our luck we are going to be the only team that doesn’t rush well against them.
Ben with the pace!!
Ben’s arm is definitely stronger lol
S P E E D  D E M O N
Chase gotta catch that but the o line is getting a good push so I’m encouraged!
[deleted]
"At work right now, if we score tell me plz"
"As long as they consistently don’t call PI it actually helps us. 

Less flags means less opportunities for them to get bailed out."
Just tuning in what happened on our first offensive drive?
"Fucking hell, come on guys"
Anyone have a radio link?
Williams wasn't held.
Hahahaha they are marching down the field. Fuck this
Itsatrap.gif
Anyone got a link to a good stream?
Not the best start here
I wish they would've just started Ben Dinnuci
Alualu was literally our key to stopping the run. Without him we get shat on
WHY FUCKING WHY
Oof...
leaaaague leeeead
BLITZBURGH
Let’s go Ben
Rudy! Rudy!
"Damn, that Ben stat is mad"
Something tells me we didn’t take this game seriously during practice this week
I’ll be damned
"Their defense is playing better than ours. Their offense is playing better than ours.

This is bad"
Wtf is that drive
We are punting better! Every cloud....
Sigh...
Love me some steeler football lol
I'm kinda worried a 57 yd punt means we are going to get a 30ydr at some point this game lol
"Berry fuckin upgrades, boys"
Awesome run blocking so far
"No huddle, please."
Michael Jordan who who???
Wonderful play calling.
Um. What the fuck?
"We are just feeling them out. Offense and defense will make adjustments. It’s always this way in the beginning of the game. Remember it’s not how you start, but how you finish.  
Let’s go defense."
Too soon to call the trajectory of this game. Steelers have been a second half team all season.  But Dallas is getting the start Dallas needs to keep this competitive.
Steelers been pretty good on 4th down this year
Excellent D
Lol cowards
Where’s Ray ray(???
"got a stop, thats all that matters"
Why is Haden taking the punt?
At least the defense is showing up now. Offense needs to get in the game.
Romo talkin trash
Is that like when chad Johnson wanted to kick a field goal?
McFarland'd himself there
"There we go, much better"
Here we go.
Can we get some points this drive?
There we go!!
Claypool wanted a whole lot more than just 14 yards.
Lve almost fell there lol
Don't let those knees be exposed boys. NFL might fine ya.
McFarland is looking good
HERE WE GO
There’s there short passes I wanted
Gotta go for it
Not even close
Fucking fantastic. . .
when Tony McFarland runs it reminds me of Happy Feet when the little penguin dances funny
Take the points.
ITS DIFFERENT
Go for it
Go for it
Why McFarland?
"Really. 


Run up the middle



Are you fucking kidding me"
That’s my team
What the fuck is this play calling? Three times the same play?!?
Yikes
OL playing weak as shit
What a play call
Fucking weak
God dammit
Pathetic from the offense
They know you are doing that so why tf do that?
Line up in the I and run it down their throat...
Just have Ben sneak it next time.
"Offensive line needs to get its shit together. They're 30th in pass block win rate, and 19th in rush block win rate so far this year, and as teams start squatting on the short stuff, that's going to really hamper the offense."
Nice job ficht
YOURE BLOWING IT
Mother fucker
Not surprise
"Hindsight is 20/20 but, we should have taken the points"
"Also, you should tie the game there."
Fuck!
Three fucking runs up the middle in a row. Of course
Is someone on our coaching staff paid per shotgun snap?
Braindead. Saw that coming a mile off
Lmaooooooo
wow.
well hopefully that makes us abandon the inside run
Damn it.
Yeah let's just run the same play we ran that didn't work at all. Sounds like a good plan.
Oh my fuck
Wtf is going on this is embarrassing
Those yards are about desire.
Facemask?
My co-workers asked me why I was worried about this game all week 😂😂 if only they knew
Is it the second half yet so our offense can SHOW UP
This is very embarazzing
Lamar? Is that you?
steve young?
Let’s get a turnover
DO WE NOT KNOW WHAT A FUCKING SPY IS
So have people worked out we cannot deal with a running QB....
I guess Cowbays are allowed holding.
Why is Mondeaux playing
I can’t fucking stand Mondeaux
Cowboys got a good game plan.
Can we stop running the ball it’s clearly not working
"Yeah, just let him run to the end zone if you want."
"Honestly rooting for gilbert at this point, its ridiculous"
The big problem is the O Line is getting blown up every play.
TJ WATT
"I should have known, as a Longhorn fan...i should have known. Always be a weary of a Longhorn playing in Texas"
Blah blah blah
Fuck Keith Butler.
Wiiiiiiiiide open
Wide open again. How?
No false start?
LOL FUCK THIS TEAM
Why was Watt covering Lamb?
Wake up time
How is he that open
False start?
What the hell is going on?
"Okay offence, can we get going now instead of the latter half of the 3rd quarter?"
Heyward is Conner Williams father. Dragged him along for the QB pressure
Lmfaooooo
Jesus christ
Yikes!
Watt covering Lamb. Thats an interesting defensive scheme
Nightmare start
Like I'm not even mad I knew we were gonna get trap gamed.
Still not worried but Butler is a fucking dumbass
This team better get it together with all the shit they were talking all week
Alright. This is how we’re doing it today. Sweet.
"So we use our smallest back on 4th and 1, and use our best pass rusher in coverage on third down. Am I missing something here?"
Did the staff member with Covid have the entire game plan with him in quarantine?
Was starting to think they'd do a Browns and keep trying what doesn't work.
Both sides playing bad. What the fuck is happening
This shit is not surprising at all unfortunately
"run run 

pass

seriously?"
Not surprising but also calm tf down lol whole game left
it’s like we’re in a whole new playbook
Hopefully we start taking this team seriously and play like it's all in the line.  There's still time let's GOOOO
Run. Incompletion. Draw. Punt.
"Stat line is crazy, Rothlisberger 6/9, 4 yd avg.  Gilbert 6/9, 9.4 yd avg."
THROW THE BALL
Can we stop with the 2nd down runs. Jfc.
Oh my god STOP WITH THE FUCKING DRAWS
Gotta have some faith yall
Where's that guy in this sub that said Steelering isn't a thing?
Run run pass.
3 and out omg lol
Wtfffff
Unreal.
What is going on?
I think we’ve ran like 20 jet sweep plays over the last 3 weeks and only handed it off like maybe once or twice
Have Ben make the play calls fitchner is clueless
LMAO
amazing
That was a good play by them
Fucking trap game
Oh my fucking word
"yeah, not a good throw.. that's on Ben"
This is a fucking embarrassment
jfc
Why are we running so much? It's not working.
Fucking bullshit man
I seriously wanna cry
Unfuckingbelievable
what the fuck
Yeah. This is pathetic.
What the hell
Okay. Punk these fucking pricks.
our offense is painful to watch and sadly our defense so far today is too
"Embarrassing, absolutely embarrassing"
This looks like a dump show
Bruhhhhhh Diontae would've had the first down on that wtf...gotta lead it Ben
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Cool cool cool
I’ll tell you now. This offense is going to cost is. They’re very bad in 8 qtrs and getting worse it feels.
I hate that i love this team
LOL
Fuck this
Jesus Christ
I think the game plan is not working. Maybe time to adjust?
I hate everything
"Okay, Randy, enough up the gut stuff"
HOLY FUCK
So...everyone got hammered last night?
Why was Haden returning a punt? Anyone know?
Yeah Tomlin special even if they pull it out
Bro how
"So flat to start this game, bout to get reamed out by Tomlin at halftime"
Of fucking course
What the hell just happened?
We... were getting wooped by the... the... cowboys.
Yikes
Dive dive drag is every drive.
If we give up a touchdown here I'm gonna cry
Why are we like this
Let's go D!!! Turnover time.
This is hard to watch
Vince is a beast
What in the WORLD
"I love Tomlin most weeks but I’m so tired of this shit happening. It cannot be overstated how predictable this happening is. The Steelers are known for doing this shit and it costs us big every single year. We didn’t make the playoffs last year losing to the Jets, we didn’t make the playoffs the year before losing to the abysmal Raiders, and lost the one seed year the before that losing to an abysmal Bears team. If we lose today I guarantee it will have a huge effect on playoff seeding."
ok now will the real steelers please stand up
🌚🌚🌚🌚🌚 awful. Hopefully 2H is a diff story
Sigh. I have the Steelers in my survivor pool this week. Need a  comeback. Come on boys. Let's rally.
Good thing NFL games are forever long.  Ways to go in this one but no points here and I’m gonna need a fireball
Please. Just a heartbeat
What in the actual fucking fuck man
No reason to play conservative anymore.
"Good start to the drive, need to score here"
DJ so slippery
Not a big fan of today’s game.
Oh fuck Ben...
Oh no Ben got hit hard
NOOOOOOO
SHIT MOTHERFLINKER
F YOU SEE KAY
Fucking hell.
Offensive line needs to get their heads out of their asses
"When I was in Iraq they had Bad Company come out to see us.

Thing was Bad Company was touring in Europe at the time.

The guys coming out to see us were people who had randomly played with Bad Company for various things over the years. One of them was the same age as me. 

I still think about that."
Fanfuckingtastic
Such is life in the national football league
Holy shit Ben come on
No no no no
Head hit
Fuck. Ben's down
Just when you think it can’t get any worse
Ben is a warrior
Ben should be pissed
EBRON 😤💪🏼
this game keeps getting worse.
I’m scared
Gimpy Ben is peak Ben
Oh no
Here comes banged up Ben!!
BIG BOY BEN LEGOOOO
Big hit. Just needs like a min to recover
"Ben, sit out a few plays, cook up some heat, then turn it on second half"
BEN!! What a warrior
YEAH BOY
Washington
Anyone know a place I can watch?
WOOOOOOO
ATTABOY
We need our defense to step up here big time
YESSIR
Boo boo Ben
HERE WE GO
James Worshington!
Ben's a goddamn warrior
Left Garrett Gilbert too much time lol
No
Of course
Wtf Boz lol
This is feeling a lot like that raiders game right now
NOOOOOOOO
Washington James Washington 7 foot 20 Washington!
I thought it was the right knee??!
Bro did anyone get off the plane today?
I wanna cry
Could be Rainy and Breezy Golf next weekend.
We got lucky lol
"Vikings fan here, how many games this year has Ben R missed due to injury?

ETA: thx, I thought he had problems. Don’t watch many Steeler Games. Fuck the Cowboys"
good job cowboys you just pissed of the steelers
This defense is playing way too much zone. That's why they're getting carved up and leaving open guys everywhere.
"Oh, well, hello!"
ok lets hope its a bruise. now defense lets pick it up
Lololol
"lets get 3 out of this 

Ben's in the damn locker room though"
"So, who's qb now?"
wait... didn't Ben go the locker room? Now what?
Was that Sutton with the strip? Let's go!
And now Mason. Has to play
Rudolph time baby!
Mason Rudolph is in guys: . .
"Oh dear god, it’s Mason Rudolph"
Oh Gawd
Great d but Ben is in the locker room
2019: part duex
Ben!!!
Is this a nightmare?
Turnover!
Mason time bitches!!!!!
Hello Mason
Can do without the team photo op when they’re playing like this.
"If cowboys punt, it’s Rudolph time boys"
"DONT KILL US, MASON"
Come back Ben pls
He has ZERO zip on his passes
sutton on some G SHIT that was so sick
You haters need to calm down a little
I put up my tree already. RUDOLPH TAKE MY ENERGY.
They probably didn’t expect to get the ball back this quickly
Field goal is fine here...just don’t fuck it up Rudolph
Lmao how lucky can you be
Rudolph will be 15% improved this year.
Hey this Mason guy is pretty good /s
[deleted]
LET'S PULL SANTA'S SLEIGH
Wtf
"Incase everyone was wondering, Rudolph is still a checkdown machine."
Ben is out then....Time to switch to booze
coming back on a hold.
Fuckkkkk
Wish we had Jaboo
Did he even warm up?
I think I would prefer duck as the back up
Yup. Rudolph still sucks.
Rudolph is a bitch
Could we be any more obvious that we were going with a screen on that?
Of course mason wants to be a hero
[deleted]
RUN The ball!
Bos pls be god
Wow
Lol Boswell
WHAT THE FUCK BOS
Throw a Hail Mary
What happened to Ben?
I'm just happy we stopped the points dallas could a potentially had
In bos I trust
Great kick.
Lmaooo
BOSWELL WHY!
LETSGOO
Longest 2 seconds ever
What
Lol Boz
BOSGOD
FUCK YEAH BOZ!!!
there we go!
This is farce.
ATTA BABY BOZGOD
Hahahahahahahah oh my God
LOL
"I'd have bet my house he missed it. Good on Boz!

2020 keeping up the weird streak"
Holy FUCK
HOLY FUCK
Boswell let’s go!!!
BOZGOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Out of the loop, why was big ben not playing?"
DONG SHOT
BOSGOD
whats the news with big ben ?
Who's our 3rd string QB btw. Is duck still there?
[second half](https://imgur.com/gallery/JupJrsp)
why did BOZ not dance on the star after that kick
Thank goodness
I stepped away at about the 2 minute warning. Did we get a pick or something?
Amari Cooper doesn’t deserve his madden X factor
I expected 5 sacks in this game. We’ve gotten 1 and close to another.
Tackling is hard
Our defense like butter.
Still nothing man.
This team just didn't show up to play a winning formula. This is just ridiculous.
Tony fucking Pollard.
I guess this is the bend not break D
It’s like our defense is still gassed from last week.
Ebron is not great at blocking
Need a stop so bad
if they score on this drive it’s over
I need a dub got money on this to top it off lmao. Last leg of my “safe” parlay. I should’ve known though lmao
It’s time for renegade. https://youtu.be/J79L31W_ZWc
The one time we actually play for the pass there
Might as well just let them score at this rate
I swear I'm about to go destroy something. This is fucking pissing me the fuck off.
where the fuck is our run defense today????
Sick
I can’t complain about that one. That’s just Zeke making a play
"Lol, I thought they were prepared to not play down."
Great job 97!
Wrap up and drive.
Wrap up and drive.
It’s alright they will get the first down on this.
Vince cannot cover
Why the fuck do we keep dropping TJ into coverage
feels like teams have been able to move the ball pretty much at will all season outside of cleveland.
These defensive schemes with all of the LBs 5 yards off the line need to go
Zero pressure on the QB
They’re just not getting much pressure. Dupree or Watt needs to get home
Can we play a nickel ? I’m sick of seeing LBs sitting on WRs in coverage
Getting single blocked by backup lineman
EVERYONE PLAY RENEGADE IN 3....2....1!
I'm about over sports
YES. Spillane on lamb.
[deleted]
Cal heyward is such a beast
The team that’s playing right now sucks so bad lol
a sack right here would be great.
"Seriously, I'm out of words.  There's no excuse for any of this."
Motherfucker.
Good shit 97
SHORT
I’m scared
"If Ben can’t get us a dub here, criticism probably valid? Love the guy but these things force you to ask questions"
there's no sugar coating this shit. this is fucking awful
How in the fuck did he beat Baltimore and Tennessee back to back just to come out with THIS
"I thought we were very bad against the run last week because of the defensive game plan to contain Lamar. 

But it looks like that game was not a one off"
Rudolph was dogshit last year but I genuinely feel like we had more of an intermediate pass game this year. It feels like this year it’s a deep ball 40 yards down the field or a 2 yard drag
"Last two times we played them, we trailed by 10 in the 4th and ultimately won."
Only thing that makes sense for the D’s performance is that the Cowboys chose a guy who hasn’t started in like 3 years. Hard to gameplan for someone you don’t know
"with how our O is playing we need a TD in the first couple plays of this drive, because our D also isn't giving us favors. We can't keep having Dallas waste 6 minutes of the clock"
I want to die
Let's go! Was all JuJu that drive.
Thank you juju
JuJu is the big winner on that drive
"He ruined that DB lmao, sent him stumbling to Timbuktu"
cowboys get yet another one on us in the trenches
Of fucking course.
Of course
Would be nice if we could stop somebody
"Wow, Randy Gregory was dumb there. You’re still winning dude"
Hope he doesn’t miss the kickoff
Juju tried to pull the TO celebration
We can't have anything nice today.
Makes me fucking sick
"My one gripe with special teams/kicking: blocked FGs/PATs shouldn't really be considered misses. Sometimes they are the fault of the kicker, but most of the time the kicker can't really prevent that. Like if you put Tucker on a team with a weak OLine he would ""miss"" a lot more from blocks, not from lack of skill"
"Feel like that should have been reviewed, he was close to stepping out"
unreal
Out Special Teams is absolutely destroying us. What on earth.
If we lose we deserve it
You have to be fucking kidding me
This is one of the worst special team performances by any team I have ever seen.
Tomlining 😎
Just fucking kill me now and put me out of my misery
"Offense, check.  Defense, check. Kicking, check.  Add special teams to Steeler failing today."
Can’t even watch
This coaching staff is just so fucking stupid sometimes.  Unbelievably stupid.
Lmfaooooo gotta love this team
So many blocks in the back on that return.
Guess my pooping mojo is gone.
Jesus fucking christ enough already
Told yaaaaa we aren’t that good !!!!!!!
Just kick it out of the fucking endzone. My god
this is unbelievable.. you pooch kick it to the left side and don't cover the left sideline? wtf
This game does not want to be won
Lol what a fucking nightmare
This team is going to be the death of me.
what the fuck
Should’ve traded for Gilmore
This is really embarrassing man wtf is this
Reminder this is a 4th string qb
I’m very worried
Special teams is so dookie
Hold them to 3 and still need one TD anyway. Come on!
Thank God Let’s goooooo
LETS GOOOO MINKAHHHHHH
Please not us
Flag
God dammit man
Thank Fucking God.
Phew
Pain
Fitzpatrick
We can manage that. LFG Minkah!!
Make them pay
Thank fucking god
At least no score for Dallas.
We took big advantage of their Olineman dropping out of the race. I'll take it
Anyone think Romo is doing a good job tonight?
RTP please no
holy shiiiit pleeeaaase
Fitzmaaaaaaagic!
woooow. I wish minkah would have stayed in the end zone on that one but hey well take it.
Who’s ball??
"Also watch a reply, terrible call holy shit, I don’t usually like to complain about refs but we’ve been hosed"
That wasn't a blind side
Refs have been so bad this game
Great work
99 Yard MVP Drive
You just know this somehow has *Chris Boswell 50+ yard game-winning field goal* written all over it
Moving the ball well here
Why can offsides be declined but not false starts?
Fuck man smh
Well well welllllll
Not like this
That’ll do smh
No
Oh my god
Incomplete pass
Jesus Christ
Im back boys only 2 inches of snow.
Oh Christ
Bs call lol
Jaylon Smith's arms are huge.
hold fuck now they want to call penalties on Dallas...
"Fuck you Dallas, Fuck you Romo"
They just want to keep the game interesting. They do this every week
"Super bowl teams will find a way to win.


No matter the circumstances"
Lucky here
what a disaster lol
"Wow, my heart."
"Jesus fuck, that was terribly thrilling. No me guesta"
At least the refs are consistently garbage
Phew! Cash it in boys
"if this is on McFarland 

get him out"
Dallas losing their minds
"LVE

thank you"
What the actual fuck
Catch the ball Ebron sheesh
We got this.
"Ebron you dropped it

don't stand there like you the man"
Claypool had a lane there why did he toss it to Ebron?
[deleted]
Ben feels uncomfortable throwing left and I think the D knows it
Lets get a safety
can’t believe I’m saying this but our pass rush is too slow
LETS GO DEFENSE
Our defense and special teams to blame today
Fuel almost spent
Too east for Dallas. Too too easy. Already near midfield and time ticking and ticking.
I'm so glad we picked up Williamson... jesus
They're running all over us
Steve Nelson is so scary when it’s time to tackle the RB lol
And that’s a stop
YEAH BABY
Ray Ray needs a big run back here mannn
Game winning drive
This is coming down to a fg isnt it
Lmao
"Is there anywhere online to stream this?  The sub used to have a guide to places to watch for free.

Edit: thank you all!"
Zoinks
LETS GO OFFENSE
Claypool’s third drop today
Claypool can't hold anything today
Claypool 3rd drop
Claypool dude come the fuck on
No zip on ball
A run there would have been cool
Goddamn it claypool you’re a rookie and that’s how it goes
Catch the ball son
Not pretty balls but cmon
"Drop, drop, drop. Can’t force 3 and outs. Special Sam’s sucks. Playcalling sucks. Gee I wouldn’t expect us to be 7-0"
Catch the fucking ball
Not how you wanna start the drive...
Claypool having an awful game with the drops.
Catch it ffs
just had to take a tums....god damn guys can we a have just an easy game....and i don't even care if we lose....
Smh
Uuuuuuuuuuu there’s a flagggggggg
We put the fate of this game on a long throw....
"Ah yes. It appears Jerry Jones has a ""Forget-how-to-catch-inator"" in Dallas"
Wow
Chase has let the boys get to him mentally this game.....
8-0 feels like a fantasy
Serendipity
How many drops is that for claypool today?
Wow
Holy shit CATCH THE FOOTBALL ujioejurofi4ewqjlksdxa
You gotta fucking catch the ball. What is going on today Claypool?!
"Well, shit"
Claypool has dropped far too many
Cowboys bailing them out again
Jesus Christ man
LETS GO OFFENSE
Well
Phew
Ball game
"&#x200B;

We need to milk this clock so Dallas doesn't score"
Lmao what an absolutely shitty call 😂
BONK
SOME LUCK??????
Score. Please?
thats game
FUCK YES!
Johnson lost his mouth guard. Go back and pick that up bud.
JOHNSON BABY
Seeing McCarthy’s mask makes me uncomfortable.
Johnson is so bad once he catches the ball. Just run straight!
Johnson baby
DJJJ
Holy fuck Diontae
Great play. Don’t score too fast though
"wow, what an ugly set of plays. I don't know why ben can't hit anything beyond 15 yards anymore when his arm is still a cannon. glad they finally called something when Ben gets hit for once."
"Just torch the clock, kick a field goal to win it, and call it a day. 

My fucking heart..."
Stay in bound rookie
I thought they were gonna challenge that
Get Conner in the game man
Keep the clock running please
STAY IN BOUNDS CLAYPOOL
Diontae...THAT'S MY GUUUUY
He’s out fuck
I like ben was not in a hurry
"Wow, Johnson just gave me a shot of adrenaline. I might have to furiously push my shit out on the next commercial tbh."
DEEEEEEEJAYYYYYYYY
"Guys, are we uhhhhhh getting calls???"
goddamn it stay in bounds lol
STAY ON BOUNDS
"Why didn't McCarthy challenge that wow, a gift."
Run the clock.
JUST SPIKE THE BALL SO THEY CANT REVIEW
Physically I'm tired. Mentally/emotionally I'm drained
LFGGG BOYSSSSSS
Did I miss something happening to Conner?
Eric LEbron.
EBRON JUMP
LETS FUCKING GO
I NEED TO CHANGE MY PANTS
Do not at all let them have a chance to run this kick off back.
Should have stayed in Claypool...
EBRON 1000 IQ PLAY!!!
Tony Romo literally called that play lol
Ebron!!!!! I just hope scoring quickly doesn't come back to haunt them. Gotta trust the defense though.
"we are so fucking lucky, this week better get our head out of our ass. I don't want to see any positivity after the game."
Going for 2 is the best option
It's happening!
EBROOOOON
"Nice, but too much time on the clock."
Go for 2
Boss move
LEAAAAP
STAY IN BOUNDS CLAYPOOL
EBRON!
Fucking right!!
Go for 2
GO FOR IT
Ah fuck.
Let’s go d. Get fucking nasty
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO WE FIND A WAY!
GET THAT TWO
Ben a little lower there buddy
One D stop and it's done
I trust our pass rush to end this game... keep Bud & TJ out of coverage please
LETS GOOOOOO DEEFEEENNNSSSE
Time for the d to get up!
Man we needed that
We miss the 2 point and this thread already calling it a loss and we should fire tomlin lmao.
Thank fucking god.
LETS GO DEFENSE
We finally have the lead now all we have to do is keep it
god this team gives me anxiety lmao thank God ebron is ridiculous. now the defense has to pull out the nipple clamps on em.
"so a pass to the corner of the endzone wasn't an option on that play, it was all inside slants?"
Not PI?
What's eating Garret Grape.....TJ
OF COURSE
Is Conner hurt or benched?
Good idea to blast the kick out of the end zone
My facial expression during this game is about the same as that Progressive sign guy. I am just dead inside.
Welp. Not a good start.
"Should be working but had to get in there after that ebron td

How was today's game tho"
Sutton gets those man
That was almost it
ONE STOP PLEASE
LETS GO DEFENSE
sutton still could have caught that
How was that not blown down lol
Same thing next week boys?
LETS GO DEFENSE
He was in grasp.
never in doubt
The defense finally gets the pass rush going.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Cam murdered that lad
LETS GOOOOOO
defense took my energy and used it well.
weird game
And that’s how you treat the fourth string QB! That should have been happening all afternoon!
"I mean with the fouls they called, probably should have tried to “protect” Gilbert"
I KNEW WE COULD DO IT
CAM IS A BAD MAN
WE DEM BOYZ
Fuck yes
Cameron just lifters that dude
I've never been so happy to be wrong. Still not the way you want it to go.
THAT'S MY SHIT
CAM LIFTS WEIGHTS
HUGEEEEE STOP D
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT
Never worried. Not once. Obviously the standard is the standard
"LETS. FUCKING. GO!

TJ!!!!!!!!!"
OH SWEET BABY JESUS
just protect the ball.
We were all so fucking mad before lmao
"TJ WATTTTTT

CAMERON HEYWARDDDD"
I’ll take it
Ugly win is a win
"What a turnaround.

Didn't lose in the trap game.

If you took the points, tough break. I don't blame you"
TONY ROMO CAN SUCK A DICK
Cam said please sit down
Now the real question is why tf were we not blitzing this guy the whole game? Defense played so conservative.
"Defense really hasn't been *that* bad. Two TDs given up, two takeaways, two sacks. I don't like the amount of rushing yards tho."
THE STEELERS ARE *THE* COMEBACK KIDS
LETS GO
Barring some flukey bullshit it looks like we preserve our win streak and our 25+ point Streak.
Wtf are they doing?
Go for it!!!
WHY?????
What are they doing???
the offense can never just end the game
Oof
Why no field goal?!???
Watch that cost us the game
Hold on what the fuck
Can’t get one yard? Okay
jesus christ my heart
What the fuck
There a chance we’ll ever see Romo coach?
Horrible decision
Romo has a good point there.
Mothfucker
Fuck conner
LETS GO D
Pls God
WHY NOT SHOOT A FUCKING FIELD GOAL LMAO
I’m like Fred Sanford about to go to Elizabeth over here.  Watching this team should be an Olympic endurance sport.
Always heartburn
ok defense take my energy 1 more time please.
He's out
Guess we don't get the useless accolade of 25 or more for the first 8 games
JFC come on
Wow
Stupid stupid decision
Every game gotta be a nail biter huh
I think he tried to slide a little early
"This is why I didn't say anything yet....



Here we go ....."
why not
Lamb is going to be a good one
jezus fuck
UM
They just can’t make it easy
Please go please
WTF WHY
wtf kick the field goal!
fuck. seriously.
Of course is coming down to the wire
How does that happen
FUCK THIS PLAY CALLING. FUCK IT. UNBELIEVABLE.
Can we just play the Browns....
I just don’t get how a field goal isn’t kicked there. And if you go how is it not a sneak?
WTF is going on.
Why the fuck
jesus lol I don't know what the problem is specifically but this run game gives me no confidence.
Oh Jesus Christ
C'mon cmon please defense clutch this up please
His heels landed out of bounds
Oh god
TF
I think my butthole has actually closed up at this point.
LETS GO DEFENSE
stupid motherfuckers.
Come on defense get another sack
Afraid of a PI call
LETS GO DEFENSE
Didn’t we just do this?
Please no
Romo just willing the Cboys
Yo i don't feel good about this
"Edmunds

doesn't even try for the ball there"
LETS GO DEFENSE
Do we play renegade again? Lol
LETS GO DEFENSE!
That the hold lol
Prevent defense
We are getting held like crazy no calls
They gonna score....
THE TIME THE TIME
Where’s the hold!?
LETS GO DEFENSE
Holy deja vu
"Well Lamar failed with this opportunity, lets see how Gilbert does"
OH THANK GOD
Win
WOW
LETS GOOOO
"https://youtu.be/gf-e6c7OrGk
Every Steelers game"
Hell yeahhhhhhhhgh
I was wrong by 1 point
Can’t wait for the next two games...
LETS GOOOOO
8-0
this team gives me more scares than any horror movie I've seen
Can I get a hell yeah 😎
Let’s goooooooooo
If we lose this game I don’t wanna hear shit from anybody that were a SB team
We’re down 13-0 against a team that’s 2-6 with a fourth stringer. Oh and we’re supposedly “7-0”
"Is this the day where our season basically ends? I don't care if we go 16-0 or 9-7. With Rudolph, we won't score a point in the playoffs."
No chance he has the distance
"Lol if he couldn't make it from 54 yards he prolly won't make it from 59.

Edit: damn homie proved me wrong lmao"
"So Ben's injury looks reeeeeally likely to be and LCL injury/sprain, depending on the severity (Grade 1) he could come back, if it's higher than that idk if you can play through that and he would be out. Idk whether him playing on it was good or not, as that may mean it's either completely torn and he couldn't feel any pain, or it's a low grade sprain and he is just a beast."
Our defense is overrated. I don’t wanna hear any of you optimistic people claim we are a great team. Both sides of the ball were inconsistent and not that good
"I love that no one is defending this bullshit. It's Q3 and they continue to allow the Cowboys to drive. 

This is a loss. They can't play on offense or defense. I've lost faith in this team over one game. Like fuck. You can't even beat a fucking 4th stringer. Ridiculous."
Shut the fuck up you bastards that was a good call
We have zero intermediate passing game
You'd think we were 2-6 according to these comments
"Explain this field position. They got called for an illegal block in back at around their own 20. So the ball should be on their own 10.

&#x200B;

edit. They just showed the replay. It was the Dallas 15 yard line. Penalty is supposed to be from the spot of the foul not the end of the play. So it should  have been half the distance and ball on about the Dallas 7. They were off by like 60 yards."
I called that long throw. Dumbass Ben. He cannot complete the long throws
Rudolph is fuckin' terrible.
RUDOLPH SUCKS RECTUM
Losing 13-6 at halftime to a team that’s 2-6 with their FOURTH stringer playing. Take it as you want but we aren’t that good
Steelers couldn't beat my sons pop Warner team due to steelering. Our coaching staff is absolute trash. This is getting old.
They are going to FG us to death because our offense is absolute trash
This team fucking sucks lol
Is this game thread more dramatic than usual? Or has it been that long since we've had a bad game?
I've seen enough Dionte for one season.
Won’t win any playoff games with this offense.
We’re really about to lose to the fucking cowboys
I know it looks we are gonna win but I have a really bad feeling about this
No FG attempt?  What a fucking BUM ASS coach!!!!
"god damn I miss Zeke on my Buckeyes...

Snatched defeat from the jaws of victory today boys. Don't even care that we won, the asterisk next to that ""win"" is larger than the fucking numbers. good lord I hope they figure out the play calling and special teams because that shit is gonna bite us in the ass again"
"Play stupid games, win stupid prizes Dallas. 

Shouldve just let the man kick."
Gonna make a scrub look like a God
Trap
It's insane how we manage to waste timeouts after a few minutes every single game. Awesome.
SMH this defense
"People at work said I was crazy when I said this game would be closer than it needed to be, and we would likely drop it."
This is about what I expected. Typical Steelers playing down to their opponents.
Faking an injury should be a penalty
3rd and 13. Dallas about to get a TD knowing the Steelers
Room sucking Dallas dick all day like he did Baltimore last week
"Silver blue man bad


Black gold man good"
We can realistically lose out
I thought this year was different but it's the same old steelers. We may still get a first round bye but it's one and done in the playoffs
Looks like all the critics were right
OUR DEFENSE IS FUCKING GARBAGE !!!!!!!!!!
My godddddd this is sad
This is why I was worried about this game. We don't travel west well and normally struggle against the Cowboys.
Sutton give me a break you pussy.
"Oh, Chase. That’s the second today, my dude."
You gotta catch that
Man Ben just doesn't have the deep ball anymore. Sad to see.
Boswell taketh
Missed 2 extra points but made a 59 yard field goal lol
Vander Esch always seemed like a bitch to me.
That was a gift. Get off the dudes face mask
I really don’t trust Boswell. But holy shit
I don’t know if I trust Boswell to hit the game winner if it comes down to that
they're gonna run this 1st down  and then torch us over the top
"Our defense is so bad we blitzed and couldn’t get to him, and we got bailed out by the overthrow 😂😂"
"Cowboys trying so hard to lose, but we won't let them... we built different 😤😤"
WeRe GonNNa LosE tHe GaMe!!!!
They didn’t deserve this game at all. I’d be pissed with that roughing the passer if I’m a cowboys fan.
The refs looked really good in the 4th quarter vs. the Cowboys.
If we made one PAT and hit that FG it would be game over. Thanks Boz
7-1.
Real steeler fans here smh
I hate to say trap game....but....
Ben Vick lol
I hate Romo lmao
Why throw it into double coverage? Ben is so inaccurate on the deep ball
"Gonna be one of those games where we hate catching the ball, eh?"
Damn Mapletron just dropped a TD
And so it begins.
Lol here we fucking go
Here we go
What the fuck...
HEF FUCKING BRADY
I think my Minkah jersey is cursed. The d seems to play sloppy every time I have it on. Take it off and boom they play better. Sigh
Lmao gonna be a long fucking day getting worked by this team because our defense has ZERO killer instinct.
Pittsburgh D: what??? The game started?? We thought this was Sunday night game.  We better get a sack.
We made the stop. Cmon let’s go people
Did Ben tell out what the play was gonna be there?
This is sad lol
Y'all need to stop worrying only 3 drives into the game. Come on now.
McCloud must be injured.
about time Ben started calling the plays
Is Conner hurt again??? Why isn’t he out there I literally just traded for him in one of my fantasy leagues....
"Sometimes I look at Randy Fichtner and I think 'yes'.

But most of the time I look at him and I think 'why'?"
Uninspiring.
"Honestly we were overdue for a classic trap game. What is this, a 4th string QB?"
This is the Tomlin special
Jesus christ can we get our shit together
"7-0 is a fluke, huh? I mean come on. What are they doing?"
Can we just never play another toilet team ever again? Besides the Browns and Bengals
Every stillers fan feeling like Cassandra right now.
"Don’t why anyone thought we were going to blowout the cowboys, I mean we only beat the broncos by 4"
#pretenders
This is normal. Don’t worry.
Um...
"Thankfully for me, my happiness died when Virginia Tech lost to Liberty yesterday.  You can't hurt me this time Steelers."
THERE WAS A FALSE START
Cowboys gonna run up the score. LMAO. Ben getting to break records.
Neutral observer. Connor looks like he's running in slow motion. He isn't good.
Lol cowboys showed up to play!
True Steelers game right here
bro what the fuck.
Wow fml
Ok maybe we are gonna lose
What the fuck is this commercial
I’m so fucking tired of this.
I guess Ben likes to fight from being behind.
Ben has no deep ball this year it's sad.
Ben only throws bombs nowadays to bait DPIs
and now we are fucked. GG guys.
The wheels on the bus come falling off... falling off... falling off.
Lol.
Why is it when we tank. The entire fucking team tanks
fuckin boz come on son
Freaking Boz
Lucky we are not down by two+ scores
"Just play Rudolph and sit Ben. If he isn’t badly hurt, fingers crossed, he needs to rest for the Bengals next week. This game isn’t worth it."
"lol holding, end of half."
He has the velocity of a dad at a tailgate
No zip behind that Rudolph pass.
 Fucking grab-ass
Let me guess - holding
Juju saving Mason there.
No Ben no chance
"Jesus, could mason have thrown that any slower?"
Who the hell called a turnover forcing mason to finish the half
Bring in Dobbs
Why didn’t JuJu run straight? He literally ran into the left to try and truck a defender
This is sad. Bout to be losing at half time to a 2-6 team lol
That’s too far for Boz
for once in our fucking seasons can we just play a garbage team and NOT FUCKING PLAY SHITTY
"Why do teams still do this dumb ""freeze the kicker"" shit lol it does nothing"
fake FG?
2018 Boswell back on the menu
Let’s drag this shit out longer
Just throw a Hail Mary.
Cursed score
"Boswell can make FG’s in shit conditions, but can’t make an extra point inside a dome on artificial turf? Wat"
Boz should heave it to the end zone on a fake.
Curse the Gods
Fire Randy
(I'll ask again) Can we please get a turnover?
Bud is not having a great game
Outplayed
Does TJ have a limp?
"lol, If Gingers had a soul, that dude in the stands just lost it"
I really want to know what are percentage is on the deep ball this year...
Embarrassing
They aren't gonna win this game playing like they are. They've shown they don't know what the fuck they're doing. It's the fucking Cowboys. THE FUCKING COWBOYS.
Terrible in virtually every aspect. Punting is the only positive.
"Plenty of times guys. I know it hasnt looked like it today, but this is a top O for bottom D."
Cowboys the new Raiders to us
Thats gonna cost dallas i feel like
We got this. Leggo.
"For anyone who cares about the spot on this game the Steelers were +13.5 favorites... hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
Does they not know the Steelers can’t dominate inferior opponents..."
"I just remembered, Steelers had a decent cordinator and our offense looked fun. This is debatably the most boring and bland offense in the nfl"
Holding on Ebron smh
Jujuuuuuuuuuuu
Juju is rockstar
JUJU SMITH SCHUSTERRRRR
[deleted]
Fuck this special teams coach. Leave his ass home. Trash.
Turning off. See you next weekend gang.
This game is fantastic
This is a debacle
Bruh what
FUCKING DANNY SMITH!!!
Please fire Danny Smith. The special teams play is pitiful.
are run defense is trash without bush
Which team is 2-6 again
You’d think that you’d want to avoid kicks being returned when playing a team with John Fassel as the ST coach. But we’re the Steelers so we need Big Brain plays
"WHAT FUCKING TEAM IS THIS? 

I swear that we don't practice for bad teams. We think we're to good and just ignore them. I'm fucking over this kind of play. Someone needs a foot in the ass, and it needs to start with our coaches."
"Seriously what are we doing on defense this entire game, no pressure, no run stop, no pass stop. It's crazy"
FUCKING FLAG
Game over
Great now we get it on the 1... fitz couldnt just take a knee
"Get your shit together, Nantz."
FTLOG please let us make a deal for the Jets first round pick.
Game over?
Vander Esch is a bitch for that punch
What a piece of shit. Wtf
Let’s run the ball a little
VANDER ESCH JUST TOSSED A PUNCH
Possible ejection??
Yo Wtf Vander straight punched
"Thad Castle losing it out there.  Understand why BMS never won a Natty with him as captain.

Alex Moran for life!!!"
What does “outside the numbers” mean?
actually cut this whole special teams unit. they almost blocked that shit AGAIN
We can’t stop them.
The blitz just isn’t working. Surprisingly this qb is picking it to bits.
This isn't good
Plenty of time. 3 time outs and 2 min.  Bens moving the ball.  All we need to fg.
Ik they let those go and Ik AB def did it a shit ton but I hate how coop only got separation there cause he pushed off
I actually have a heart problem so I think this might be my last Steelers game
Fuck you clay poo
Can’t win em all
"Of fucking course Ben throws it poorly.

Edit: it okay"
3 and out. Typical Steelers
How are they not calling the grab and shove on Claypool there?
"Announcer: I can’t believe it. 

Me either. I can’t believe it. Let’s not shit away these 4 downs too."
"Yes, throw 3 straight balls to the guy who has dropped almost all of them today lol"
right in the face.
"That wouldn’t get called 15 years ago, but it was to the face, so I agree with the call in 2020"
Man I love the Steelers and all but that roughing the passer call is horrible for the league
Claypool needs to catch with his hands not his body
don't know why JUJU isn't getting targeted....this isn't Chase's game right now.
Claypool could've reeled that in.  That's like the third catchable ball he didnt handle
"Almost want to claim Randy is calling good plays,  we just can't execute... but fuck Randy anyway"
"if i were a ref and a coach came up to me and started losing his shit all the time, id flag him. i get being grumpy but damn have a little composure."
"we dont deserve this win if we get it. That call on ben's facemask is technically correct, but holy shit is that a bail out call."
DO NOT TRUST OUR DEFENSE
Scored too quickly. I've seen this before.
CUMSHOT BABY!
We sucked ass today but got the dub.. all that matters
Oh look. We're running it.
**8-0 YOU FUCKERS HAHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA**
I'm not relaxing with this down to special teams.
IM FUCKING DONE
Tomlining
Watch us lose on a Tebow to Demaryius thomas slant route
WHYYYYY
Heel was out of bounds
"If we lose, it will be on Tomlin alone"
Lmao. Incoming td and tomlin won’t say anything meaningful about that decision.
Cmon tj....
Thanks for the heart attack Tomlin
Every fucking week...
i’m ashamed right now
hahahahah none of the fucking Steelers look like they're gonna win hahahhaa
YOOOOOOOOOO
Our defense is SO FUCKING OVERRATED
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Our defense is so bad. WE ARE NOT THE BEST DEFENSE IN THE LEAGUE
Yup. 100% trap game incoming.
This defense isn’t good.
"Don't worry guys, some crazy ass splash play will happen to save these sorry ass coaches from being blamed for how awful at football they are."
Ben shoulda retired so we could have gone and got someone with this defense.
So Boswell is making 59 yarders and missing multiple extra points in a game. Sounds like Harrison Butker
"Pathetic, Tomlin. Absolutely pathetic."
"Does the Steelers defense know the word “consistency”? Play well one week and play like shit against the fucking Cowboys of all teams

Edit: as soon as I said that there was an INT...my comments never age well"
Is it just me or does Johnson suck once he catches the ball? He tries to do way too much
LMAOOO WE REALLY BOUTA LOSE
Lmao. This team is a first round exit
WHY TF DO YOU NOT CALL A PLAY BEFORE THE 2 MINUTE WARNING. LITTLE SHIT LIKE THAT IS JUST STUPID.
Please stop playing down to the competition
Maybe Ben should fucking practice more during the week. This wasting the entire first half shit is garbage
Apart from awful play calling I know this is unheard of on the forum but Ben has been slight avarage. Just above duck and Rudolph. But that’s not saying much. We should go back to short passes for 3-4 yards out quick and just tied the shit out of them.
I don’t see the issue. We’re playing like a Tomlin coached team
Probably gonna be a three and out here because why not lol.
FUCK THIS CRACKA CLAYPOOL GO BEAT HIS ASS
This is the worst defense we’ve had this decade
REFBALL
We dont deserve to win lol
"Steelers are so bad, fire Tomlin, fire Fichtner, fire Rooney, fire Heinz, fire the Allegheny, and fire the Primanti brothers.  And Ben should retire!!!"
This is a one and done team
Strength of schedule finally showing
I just want ONE bad season so we can fire this entire garbage coaching staff
We should trade for Fitzpatrick even if Ben's okay lul.
Tank and hopefully we can get a low teens pick
"Typical game thread. Y'all know teams don't go undefeated, right?"
Fuck that white fool
The sad thing is this isn't even the least bit surprising. If this Steelers team can't beat this absolute dirty toilet of a Cowboys team just pack it up for the year cause they're not beating the Chiefs either.
"Absolute meltdown, what the fuck"
That was a fucking false start
Having McCarthy as HC looking fucking sexy rn
I’m so fucking done
Mike Tomlin will not win coach of the year because for some reason he can’t beat the absolute worst teams in the league. This game is over in the first half for good coaches. Instead we are down two scores to a high school team.
Hahahahahahahaha
Romo is royally pissing me off
"Chick fil-a advertising on a day they're not even open, lmao"
Maybe that'll wake your ass up ben.
Ben can’t throw deep anymore. No one in the league will respect it.
TAKE HIM OUT
We aren’t that good
That looks like that outside of the knee. Looks like an MCL.
"Special Teams, Defense, Offense. All horrible. All fucking terrible."
"DUCK DYNASTY 

Is Hodges still with the organization?"
This team needs to get it's fucking shit together. This is so fucking ridiculous.
Wait why didn’t Dallas just decline the penalty?
Good teams don't lose to shit teams. Take it for what it's worth.
Yikes losing to the cowgirls
Still think we’ll win.
Wtf chase
Claypool more like claypoopypants
What the fuck boz
When we lose by 2 I might cry...
THIS TEAM FUCKING SUCKS HORSE COCK.
We lost
"We can't score here, offense is terrible and we'll be at the 5 or some shit because Minkah wanted to run it for some reason lol"
How did Rudolph do?
Claypool you bum
[deleted]
 Call me crazy but I go for it
stupid motherfuckers. take the field goal.  seriously.
We don't really deserve to win this one so whatever happens happens
"I want the Steelers to win, but that was a bullshit ""unnecessary roughness"" call."
Yep. We're Steelering already.
And so begins the Steelering
We always play down to our opponents
Mahomes is going to pick this defense apart. I’m really not looking forward to it
This dude is better than Ben
"It's the NFL, you're going to concede some points no matter what. I'm not super worried about the defense just yet. 

I'm a bit more concerned our QB is washed and we're stuck with his buddy OC."
Worst coaching in the league. Always shows in these type of games
Classic Tomlin coached team. Underprepared as usual
"59 yards ahahahahaha just go for it instead
Edit: fuck ok then"
Should the Steelers have drafted Jalen Hurts or Jacob Eason to replace Mason Rudolph?
May as well onside kick it because Tomlin and Butler are morons and can’t stop a nosebleed on defense
"Nice, ball at the 2 yard line. We ain’t driving 98 yards 😂😂"
off topic but our team needs cheer leaders
Yeah my brother and I are both yelling at them to stop celebrating. You're losing to the 2-6 Cowboys. You have ZERO room to do any celebrating.
I've been pissed at Pittsburgh for voting in Joe Biden but if we go 8-0 I'll forgive the city
[removed]
"It’s funny to see the Tomlin apologists squirm. It’s never Tomlin’s fault. As much as I hate seeing the Steelers lose, watching the apologists reach to blame everyone but Tomlin is quite comical. 

Tomlin develops the game plans with the coordinators, you doofuses"
I said the Super Bowl hope was done once Bush was done for the year. That’s looking pretty accurate at this point.
Tomlin should be fired for incompetence if they lose this game. There is no way you worry about a guy blocking a fg. Go up 8 and win the game.
"Lol, here we go, the Mike Tomlin special. Coach the team to try and coast and get eaten alive by a shit team."
"Cmon Tomlin, tell me you prepared this team"
Doesn’t matter if the Steelers come back or not. The defense has big weaknesses that they can’t make up for and they’re coached by a jackass who doesn’t know how to use his best players. I don’t see how this team can stop Mahomes or score enough to keep up with him. Any top 10 QB dismantles the secondary.
[deleted]
Mike Tomlin thinks this is acceptable.
He just missed a 54. Why not do a Hail Mary.
Interception from Ben is kind of our way now. Or juju 50 years run after catch to fumble
Say what you want but my negativity is a game winning formula lol. It's like it kicks the Steelers into high gear.
"This is what I get for thinking that 10-0 was possible after beating the Ravens. I should have known better.

Steelers gonna Steeler."
Wow we fucking suck
LMAO SOMEONE TELL ME WE ARE A SUPER BOWL TEAM
I'm sorry but Tomlin is at fault for what I've seen so far I love the guy but there's no reason we should be down 10. Fucking embarrassing
Not a SB team
[deleted]
Oh shit is it 30 seconds left in the 4th? No?  Stfu cry baby whiners.
About time we lost tbh
"Thank god we have a defense lol. That 7-0 is a bit misleading. Offensively, last week and today, we’ve been dreadful. Might have had more offense last year and that’s saying something."
Sit Ben. Rudolph got this.
We need a new kicker next season
WE SUCK!
How in the FUCK does offsetting penalties not result in playing whatever the outcome of the down was.
So we are gunna believe he can make it from 5 out? LOL
"I’m happy, but the false start on a kick rule is dumb."
Remember when people were saying this team was “special”
Lmfao fuck this garbage. I have to go watch Arizona v Miami. At least that game is a real fucking game.
Claypool looking like a bum this game
IF we win this they should take it away because we don't deserve it lol
"Literally 1 step forward 2 steps back EVERY PLAY, this team that showed up today’s not getting past the divisional win or lose"
Johnson has no moves at all this dude stinks
This team is so fucking overrated lol
TOLD YOU GUYS WE ARENT THAT GOOD
AMERICA'S TEAM IS GOING DOWN
Steelers will win by 50 lol
Elliot continues to run all over us
Terrible
FUCK
Lol I can't believe he they just marched 65yds. Good on Highsmith to hold it to 3 but I am dissatisfied.
"Remember in the Water Boy when they are playing in the Bourbon Bowl and in the first half and Louisiana defense is dominating the Muddogs because they are reading the  “Football for Dummies” that Coach Kline uses?  That’s how it feels when Fichtner gets in 2nd and 3rd and long. Defense knows exactly what play he is going to call.  Really annoying.  We have so many weapons, wish we could do some imaginative plays more."
Jesus
This special teams has no idea what they’re doing
Don’t let Fucktner call a fucking play again.
Enjoying seeing AntMac out there. A lot
It’s happening
Is Conner hurt?
Yikes. This is big bad.
They are dominating us
Why do I feel like we didn’t prepare this game whatsoever?
WE FUCKING SUCK
This is pathetic
Fire everyone
Garrett Gilbert was signed two weeks ago off the AAF and the Cowboys have a historically bad defense. AND the the Cowboys o line only has 1 starter in.
You guys are mad at what I’m saying but cannot deny we do not look like a JV team
I wonder when we’re going to wake up
Bengals and Jags next two weeks after this. We could've started 10-0 smh
"Welp, here we go. Wondering when we would shit the bed against a bottom barrel team, in classic Tomlin era Steelers fashion... we were a bit overdue for it so far this season, but looks like here it is..."
We look like a fucking high school team.
Stop letting Fichtner call the plays now. Jesus Fuck
Wtf
Hahahahabahabababababahahahahahahahajajahahahahahahajahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
Hahahahahahahaahhaa. If we lose Randy should be fired...
Garbage
"If you watched this game and were told one team was 7-0 and one was 2-6, you would not be surprised.  If you were told WHICH team was 7-0 vs 2-6 you would be shocked."
no block in the back on that??? what the actual fuck
Someone definitely needs thrown out on their ass. This is fucking so fucking stupid. Fuck this team
What the fuck lmfao
He can’t even hit a drag route?
Guys have some faith
[deleted]
Maybe I just never noticed before but are there more commercials than normal this year?
If he’s hurt the seasons over
Get him out
They best draft a solid QB in the offseason
We have mason if we need him.
If Ben is hurt Trade for Darnold NOW
Boo boo Ben
Worshington!!!
Would have been nice to have some plays like these 25 minutes ago.
Lol fail on all three phases today. Of course hed miss the extra point. Lofl
the gasp I just let out
That should not have worked
c'mon rudy
Probably holding
"That was lucky, maybe."
"Calling blocked FG for TD now

Edit: Glad it was wrong, just felt inevitable"
I hate his stupid face
What is this fucking josh scoby
NOBODY should be surprised.
Hahahahahaha
Oh mama
Announcers on my stream saying Ben isn’t coming back...?
BRO WTF
This defense sucks all around but the run defense is particularly egregious
Steven Nelson needs to be cut. Wasn’t even close to tackling Zeke
lol.  Pitiful today.  I guess they need a loss to come back down.
So the defense was other teams playing down to us. Noted.
Whoever sent Ben in early needs to make an apology to every Steeler.
I believe it tony
"Okay, backyard Ben time right guys?"
Neil O'donnell!!!!
Right through the wickets
"Hey Bince, make a fucking play."
Fuck sake.
Of course
JuJu worrying about his celebration
"Well. We are losing in all 3 phases, especially special teams. We are gunna have to own this if we lose. We looked pretty flat all around. No excuses"
I wish I could take back all that effusive praise I’ve been heaping on this run defense.  I feel like a damn fool.
FUCK THESE REFS MAN
FUCK MY ASS MINKAH
Now they gonna call PI lmfao
Why is ben telling receivers what to run. How do we have 0 plays
Ejection time
"Personal foul, fuck Dallas"
Vander Esch dirty bastard
"Man, should they go for this?"
Maybe stop blitzing the QB?
Our CB’s are atrocious tonight
Our defense is not the best defense in the league please stfu if you actually think it is
DPI?
fucking whew
I think dionte was out of bounds there...but I’m happy about it.
Stop being a crybaby Tony
too much time. im nervous.
Fuckkkk defense
Defense get your shit together
[deleted]
I hate Tony Romo...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Is anyone really surprised ? I’ve said we aren’t that good lol do not be surprised
[removed]
Boswell = Josh Scobee???
This team fucking sucks. Nobody defend them. They can hardly even beat the Cowboys.
[deleted]
Tomlin may be the dumbest head coach on the he f’ing planet. He’s rah rah AF but my god is he dumber than a sack of bricks. Got soooo lucky.
I think I’m willing to accept Ben has no deep ball anymore
This offense is embaressing
[removed]
"Tonight, on Days of Our Steelers.


But wtf is wrong with Ben?"
This would be the worst 8-0 team in NFL history
James Connor fucking stinks
"Remember when all you guys were coming at me for saying we aren’t that good, defense is overrated, offense sucks, and we aren’t a SB team?"
WE ARE NOT A 7-0 TEAM
Rooney’s should honestly just throw about $15 million a year at Lincoln Riley and see what he says. Tomlin ain’t it. 3 playoff wins in a decade with a HOF QB. Time to go
Who knew that Garret Gilbert would be playing decent?
Ben is faking the shit out of that injury
Imagine if we had a coach that knew how to make games easier.
"If McCarthy can do this with a 4th string QB and terrible team, imagine what he could do with this Steelers team"
Putting the game back into the hands of our bottom tier defense. Gulp
"why the fuck would they take the penalty????? LMAO

ALRIGHT I GET IT THEY HAD NO CHOICE."
Fuck you claypool
Fire Tomlin at half - I’m not even joking. This is not the type of mentality and culture we need on our team.
This is going to get ugly soon.
HAHAHAGA
Best D in the league stayed in the locker room.
Let the playing down begin
Fucking cowards
Wow were really not that good lol I do not see us beating the Chiefs or Seahawks
[deleted]
Im just chilling today. Wanna win but dont matter either way lol
Fucking bums. I guess they are taking the week off.
Can we just take the L and end the game here? Save us all some time?
Tomlin did absolutely nothing to prepare this team I see. Probably told them it was a guaranteed W
[deleted]
WE ARE NOT A SUPER BOWL TEAM
Cancel the season
I’m gonna switch off
Landry Jones sighting.
WHY THE FUCK DIDNT WE GET JAMEIS GOD FUCKING DAMN
Terrible throw.
"Boz going back to his old ways does not fare well for us, this reminds me all to much of the raiders game."
Our run d has been really questionable recently
How did this team beat the ravens and titans lol
Another Ben overthrow.
"Hits a 59 yarder. 

“Misses” two PATs"
Ben’s accuracy is worse than Helen Keller throwing the football.
[deleted]
3rd and 10? Automatic conversion incoming
Wtf boz
Cut Steven Nelson. Please
Boswell is so garbage lol
[deleted]
"I’ve been a Steelers fan for looonnngggg time and when the inferior team gets big plays off early, we take a L. I’ve seen it too many times but let’s have faith y’all."
UNBELIEVABLE.
Do you all realize that the coordinators meet with the Head Coach every week and talk about the game plan? It’s Tomlin’s fault. It always is.
Season is over
Seasons over
Watt has been a worthless addition
thas gonna be a hold on us.  EDIT: nm glad im wrong. just expect them to call shit on us always.
FUCK MIKE TOMLIN
You guys are all saying it was a bad Tomlin call cause he’s black! /s
There’s people out there that still think Mike Tomlin is a top 5 head coach lmfao
Ben looks bad as usual.
I think those Tomlin apologists and truthers might be quiet after tonight.
We are the worst team in the NFL
WE ARE NOT THAT GOOD!!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't think we've ever deserved to lose more than right now.
"nobody is going to say anything about the BS roughing the passer that was called on ben, but the horse collar on gilbert was a legit play? Gimme a fucking break. How can you be this obvious as a ref and get away with it?"
Now Elliot begins running all over us. We are so fucked
[deleted]
Just call the game man. Give us the loss for a bye week. I'd rather that than watch the rest of this shit
Boswell just made me break two of my controllers. Dumb fuck
I hate Mike Tomlin
guaranteed turnover touchdown for Dallas right here....
TOMLIN IS A BAD COACH
They continue to run all over us. How sad is remit their third String QB can have a TD in their opening drive and ours overthrows receivers and kills the drive
You guys look like hot garbage tonight
See you guys next year
Ben bailing Tomlin out again. 13th year now
It’s not the players. Tomlin just sucks
"This game is over. Our offense can’t stop with lame incompletions, and their QB can complete those."
[deleted]
Our season is over
Put in Mason. This game is over anyways.
"should have declined, bitches lol"
"Cowboys fan here. Refs won this game for you, which is sad cause we’re absolutely terrible."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"Haden: ""I. Don't. Lift. WEIGHTS."""
[removed]
Bilasport.net
[removed]
Nflbite
""
Thats awesome. Let’s beat dem boys.
"*everyone liked that* (except ravens fans, they’re still a little grumpy)"
"[LOUDER!!!](https://gifer.com/en/3BL)

Edit: Look at all those upvotes she/he is getting you!?!"
Aw what a cutie. Hope we can't win this old guy a Lombardi in February.
Oh love!!!
What a sweet dog!
Hey that’s my blanket.
"Hey, that's a dog from Far Cry 5!"
And another 14!
""
damn those are clean asf
I hope Big Ben knows the spidey patterns...
""
Have fun! Go Steelers!
"Ah family rivalry, I know it too well! Have fun!!"
Your hands have fur
How many Steelers fans?
I always love watching the Steelers play the Cowboys because I get to see my two favorite teams play: #1 - The Steelers and #2 - whoever is playing Dallas this week.
"Good for you man!

I hope you both enjoy the experience -cheers :)"
Is that the actual towel over your face? That’s gotta be hard to get air in lol
Enjoy it guys!
Damn super lucky. I yet to see my first game
Glad his boys have a good show!
"Nothing worse than your little brother gloating when you’re down early, I just know he was loving it!! 

Family rivalries are always fun games, hope you guys had fun!"
"My wife bought us tickets for this game, but then COVID happened :( I hope you guys had a blast!"
"You’re a good big bro.  
At first I thought you had tattoos on your knuckles.  Then I realized it’s genetic lol."
"I did this back in 2018 with my brother! He’s a Rams fan, and I’m a Packer fan...

0/10, would not recommend 😕"
Awesome dude. Hope you guys had a good time.
Aww! So cute!
Sorry you chose today
[removed]
"What a game! Wow, at least it wasn’t a blowout for y’all. 

How do two brothers end up fans of different teams? Very curious lol"
Rae you Roy's brother?
My brother is raven fan.
""
"I know it’s a cowboy hat but this has major *tips fedora* energy.

Love the jersey doe"
Never too early for Christmas!
James Conner having a bit of a look there 👀
"From Pittsburgh, moved to Foxboro, Ma (haha I held my own as a Steeler fan!), moved to Denver (I still hate the color orange to this day lol), now I’m in New Hampshire. It’s so fun to see how many Steeler fans there are all over the US (and world 🌎)!!! Love it!"
Go Steelers!
Try israel.
""
The cowboys always wear white uniforms
Because everywhere is a home game for us 🙌🏼
Cowboys home colors are white and steelers away is also white
Because we own the cowboys ;)
I googled this once. Dallas always wears white at home so the opposing team wears their own full colors. It was an ownership decision back in the day so that fans in Dallas didnt see the same exact blue vs white every home game.
Home team gets to pick their jerseys.
Cowgirls always wear white at home
[removed]
Because it's 3rd and 8 and he likes the extra cushion.
"Two Super Bowl rings, not a single season of his career (as a starter) without a winning record, a slam dunk HOF resume, and an undefeated record this season -- all by doing what he's good at.

That's why."
i mean if claypool had 1 more step on him that’s a td and he just trying to show off his bionic arm
Defense should be trying to prevent a 1st down so it should be a good opportunity to take a shot. Risk/reward
Rather it be thrown over than under
Better than an INT...
Big Ozzy Osbourne fan 🤔
Because our play calling is fucking retarded as shit for the first 2 quarters every fucking game. We like to play down to opponent skill and play catch up. Dumb as shit.
""
"https://shop.steelers.com/pittsburgh-steelers-mens-nike-lightweight-repel-jacket

This looks like it is it, out of stock rn though"
That looks like the color rush hoodie
Moin moin Meister
"Are you in PIT now?

Try these official stores if so... https://shop.steelers.com/store-locator

DM me if you need a hand."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jqk3zu)"
"There was a slight hold, but he has to make that play anyways. Ben put that in his hands, doesn't get much better than that."
Still should’ve been caught
No. It was decent coverage and then it just went through Claypool’s hands
[removed]
[removed]
It’s the first quarter let’s relax lol
This is embarrassing as hell
[deleted]
some times i wonder if randy finds his plays on madden rookie mode
R.E.L.A.X.......relax
Lmao right!
Im tryin lolol gooosefrabaaaaaa
"Right! Its like goddamn just play steeler football and theyll be fine. Its like watching the election every sunday! Heart attack, calm, heart attack, calm. Need some blood pressure medicine just for game day."
Yeah fucking pathetic.
This is designed pkaycalling to throw off future essentials games
[removed]
Houston wont be cutting Watt.  They’ll trade him
We dont need a dozen half assed posts on this
"I could see this only if JJ watt REALLLLLLY wanted to play with his brothers and thought we  Pyle win a Super Bowl next year. conspiring with his family to get an organizational wink and nod to know they will trade for him, and then JJ not show up to camp and force a trade. trade to Steelers for a 4th round or later, and then JJ negotiates an extension and renegotiated his salary to lower than Bud wants. If we somehow go all the way or even just the AFC title game, Bud will be out of the realm of affordability given our other signings. JJ would basically need to be had for 6-7mil a year at absolute maximum"
[deleted]
""
Run run pass kick*
i hate randy with all my life. we would be the best offense if ben called the plays
I mean we use the puff puff pass at my house so...
There is no bigger myth in football (especially in the modern game) than “run to set up the pass.” Especially nowadays with all of these RPOs where you’re just trying to get a numbers advantage
"*Ben throwing passes on first and second downs*

Steelers fans: wHy RuN rUn PaSs"
"I’m fine with run run pass, if you don’t go with your rookie who is 5’8” 208lbs and use your actual starting veteran RB who is 6’1” and 229lbs. Don’t sub players before you have the game secured..."
I want our OC to be fired. Ben is a better OC by miles. We were so efficient when he was calling plays. The OC sucks he is awful I can't stand him.
Still don't know why they didn't kick a field goal at the end....
"Lol it’s “pass, pass, pass” right now. Wtf is going on."
"Just run the 07’ Patriots Offense.  Quick Pass, quick pass, quick pass, bubble/smoke, a surprise run, another quick pass, and then chuck one long."
this isn't even what happened. Idk what fucking games this sub watches I feel like I'm in a different reality on gameday half the time
Conner hurt btw?
"Why do they have to wait till the second half to turn it on though? Its like, okay...I guess we will play some football now."
"The offense is seemingly stuck in mud almost every game until the team gets behind or Ben is allowed to go no-huddle and dictate the playcalls and pace. 

If I wanted to watch Run-Run-Pass, I’d watch a Kent Graham-led Steelers team."
"Pass to Lead, run to win. No need to fabricate balance that isn’t going to be there."
"Dunno, it gets us into a hole where we go with an empty backfield playing Ben ball which I'm alright with."
"And why on the 4th and 1 last offensive play for the Steelers, do they do a sweep run? Run offense wasn't working at all. Short passes were working for the most part. Clock is going to stop for change of possession regardless so incomplete pass is inconsequential. If you're not going to kick a field goal at least do what brought you success the whole game."
"Can i say 1 thing tho: IDK if it is Ben or Fichtner, but the ""fuck it chuck it deep and pray for a DPI"" wasn't working for us this game."
[removed]
Not happening we always blow easy games we should win.
"I mean I’d like it if that happens, unfortunately the Steelers love to play down to the competition (no offence)"
tbh i wouldn’t be surprised if we win by like a last sec field goal
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
[removed]
"Every game man, love that catch up football. And love playing down to opponent skill. Call stupid fucking plays until halftime then randy sphincter decides to do his job and call a decent play or three."
"Damn, I forgot the Steelers have never overcome a slow start to win a game in franchise history. We’re fucked"
AMEN.
What if we fired Randy Fichtner?
They have a long history of it. I actually like Dallas' chances of winning. And that sucks to say.
[removed]
There are 2 and a half quarters left. Relax
"Too busy making tiktoks.

Here for the downvotes of course:

Adjustments at the half is where our coaching staff will get this fixed. 

Shouldn’t have to, but that is what will do it."
