text
""
The good old Riley meme
Your mom's basement needs sanitizing.
""
Supposedly not serious…
Clearly you're single...
""
"I didn't watch this. But I've had a few beers, and the words next man up has me thinking of Tomlin and makes me wanna run through a fucking wall for that man"
"Very sad to hear about Tunch having ALS.  Let's hope for some breakthroughs in that disease's treatments.

[https://dkpittsburghsports.com/2020/10/09/tunch-ilkin-als-diagnosed-lou-gehrigs-disease-steelers-dk](https://dkpittsburghsports.com/2020/10/09/tunch-ilkin-als-diagnosed-lou-gehrigs-disease-steelers-dk)"
I’ve met Tunch and he prayed with my family so my uncle would get a kidney. My uncle got a kidney so I’m going to pray for Tunch.
Tunch will beat down the disease like he beat down defensive linemen.
Damn. Wishing him the best.
Fuck. Poor guy.
Yeah what a bummer. Watching him this year you could tell something wasn't right.
"The good news is ALS research has done wonders ever since the Ice Bucket Challenge. Hopefully, he pulls through."
Fuck ALS
[Just in time](https://boston.cbslocal.com/2020/07/08/robert-brown-als-treatment-microrna/). Hope this helps him.
Man...that is awful. Wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. Such a horrible disease.
"Goddammit. Too young to have seen Tunch play, but his voice is a Sunday afternoon staple. I wouldn't wish that disease on anyone."
"Just listened to him and wolf last week on the DVE-2 hd radio station.  I knew something was up and was googling furiously trying to find out if something had happened with him. Very sad to hear, but hopefully new research can help him. Prayers for Tunch!"
"I work with The ALS Association and know that there is a solid Chapter in Western PA. My grandfather got care in Pittsburgh when he had ALS about 15 years ago and there are great medical experts in Pittsburgh and Ohio.

Very sad to hear this about Tunch. I wouldn't wish ALS on anyone. I hope this brings some needed attention to the disease. The care available in 2020 is better than it has ever been, but it's a very difficult disease and hard to plan for the trajectory of it. Steve Gleason has lived with it for many years now, but it's not easy.

I hope he and his family get all of the care and support that they need."
Oh my God!  Tunch is more than just the voice of the Steelers Network.  He is an amazing individual who I've had the privilege of meeting on many different occasions.  My prayers go out to this very spiritual heart and soul of Steeler Nation.  We love you Tunch.
Such a good player and great person. My first memory of him was watching him play basketball on the Steelers team that would play vs all the local school districts.  Wishing him and his family all the best in this tough time.
Prayers up for Tunch and his loved ones 🙏🏻
"Oh man, that's heartbreaking. He's a hell of a guy, wishing him and his family the best"
Oh shit.  I wouldn't wish that on anyone.
damn that sucks. listen to him and wolf daily after randy bauman on dve.
Damn...that is heartbreaking. I hope he and his family are able to cope with this as well as possible.
Oh no. I am heartbroken for him.
Very sad and sending prayers his way. listening to his show on steelers nation radio for a few years now and could tell something was up with him
"Damn, poor guy."
Terrible. I knew he didn't sound right during the first game this year. He just seemed completely out of it and not his normal self.
I met Tunch (and Wolf) years ago.  He is genuinely good person and godly man.  Praying that he will beat this insidious disease.
""
Might be in the minority but these are lame.
I agree
Wish they would wear these one game
"It's not a salute to service.  It's an insult to it.

The U.S. armed services are meant to be somber and serious institutions, the *only* purpose of which is to protect the citizenry from real, life-threatening dangers.

The marketing and fetishization of them is why you get things like heavily armed militias plotting to kidnap and lynch elected U.S. officials TV has talked them into hating.

This is propaganda for profit.  Nothing more, nothing less."
Every time someone takes a cell phone pic of a computer screen i die a little bit
Those are actually pretty bad ass
""
Gotta admit juju out there hustling. My dream is he is trying to use endorsements to make up for the money we can't pay him. The ultimate team player.
"I like Juju as much as the next Steeler fan, but I don't think I would feel comfortable drinking something called Juju Juice."
I guess he's Juice Juice Smith-Schuster now
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Juju is going to make 500 million dollars at this point. Jesus
"Combining tik tok, youtube, instagram, twitch, endorsements, his own branding for his charities hes beginning to become a marketing genius especially for what he stands for. Idk just have a lot of respect for it all."
Should have been JuJuice.
I'm going to need someone from Pittsburgh to send me some JuJu Juice ASAP.
Hes like the master p of the nfl
"Please use this thread to post anything.  Doesn't have to be Steelers or football related at all.  Don't downvote in this thread.  If you see someone being a jerk, report it, or message the mods about it.  

Need to vent?  Do it here!  

Hate/love something, and want to talk about how much you hate/love it?  Do it here!"
I have a CS test today that I need to study for and I'm still sitting in bed watching Hunter x Hunter someone motivate me to get up 💀💀
"Man, it’s been a fucking whirlwind of a week. 
Monday I was told I was getting fired. Spent the entire evening and next day applying for jobs. I’m getting married in two weeks and just bought a house, could not be worse timing. 

Tuesday, I get a call that I’m not fired. Cool, now I have to kiss any and all ass, and try to figure out a way to get on a project with none available. Really awesome. 

At least this weekend I get to enjoy my bachelor party and continue the job hunt. But holy fuck was I stressing."
"What the actual fuck, Michigan?"
"I need this weekend man. Work has me going to Charleston SC, Charlotte, Atlanta, Kentucky and then back to Charleston to end the week. I’m dreading waking up on Monday."
I'm having two of my favorite people come over to watch the game tomorrow. My sister's an Eagles fan (my Philadelphia family wonders where I went wrong) so she'll be outnumbered.  She can yell like she's two people so I guess it'll be even.
"Eagles @ Steelers preview from an Eagles fan perspective 


https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/lets-go-to-the-phones/id1525160507?i=1000494123748"
Pats facility is shut down this morning (Sunday) due to another positive test as per Schefter
"Looks like TJ's going to be on Pat's youtube show around 3 pm for anyone looking to listen, I think Pat's on Sirius now too. 

Just thought yinz should know.

Edit: it was the third hour, not 3 pm. Sorry fellas (and ladyfellas) for the wrong time."
Good looking out!
He's coming on now just a heads up
He's on!
Hopefully we get insider info about the C-gap
""
"Don’t tell the guys in /r/lakeeriebros this but the Steelers have always been the only other team I actively root for outside of my Bills. My dad was a fan when he was a kid during the steel-curtain era, that carried over. When you’re not playing us I’ll always root for you. Also lets hope this year’s SNF game is less ugly than last year’s (same outcome would be great though, sorry😬) Love you guys"
Pittsburgh-er living in Buffalo...I'd say our hate for the Patriots is what we most share.
"~~Titans~~ Tennessee Football Team, they offend me."
Fuck the titans and deflatriots
"As a Steelers fan loving in Buffalo, it's been a weird 2 weeks."
"The Rust Belt is pretty large.  I wouldn't be surprised if a significant portion of the NFL is Rust Belt.  But I do respect and kind of like the Bills all things considered.  They have a good ownership and fan base.  

Your snow can fuck off though."
"Got nothing but love for you guys. Bills fans are fucking awesome, and I'm hoping at some point I can find my way to Buffalo for a game."
Titans are becoming football's Trashtros.
https://i.imgur.com/1a2l9pk.gifv
There’s prolly a bunch of cool ass people in this sub. The cross section of stuff I like and football is pretty remarkable.
Always hand in hand with Bills bros. They're the reason why we were able to hand the Bengals such an epic loss in the 2015 playoffs.
Can someone tell me why we hate the Titans? I get the whole COVID thing.. but multiple Steelers have said it’s NBD? I’m confused
"There were some egregious buffalonians on my floor at Pitt. Tied with eagles fans when it comes to enjoying their own heartbreak but, when they got a win man was it fun. 🤝"
Buffalo Bill Bros!
"Everyone hates the Pa...Titans so we're all family here.

Well except Ravens fans."
Fuck the Pats
"Remeber last year when we loved the titans, yeah me neither."
Bills look crazy good this year and Allen looks much improved and like the real deal.  Hopefully they're peaking too early and will cool off otherwise I'd say they're the AFC Super Bowl favorite at the quarter mark.
The Steelers and Bills were the only teams that voted against Art Modell relocating the Browns to Baltimore.
"It was not a lateral, it was a forward pass Hate the Titans and O’Donnell too."
"Fuck the Titans!! 

Remember when that kicker faked getting knocked down in the playoffs??

I Remember......"
I mean the best bill ever was a western pennsylvania kid.
"Why would we bother hating the Titans?  All they did was get sick. 

You want to hate someone, hate the NFL for not legislating preventative measures the way you'd like.

Or the leadership of the country for defanging the CDC, and for actively promoting the growth and spread of covid, and actively attacking and marginalizing those who seek to prevent it.

Titans owners, coaches, and players were just duped by -- and then coddled by -- the same people who have put the whole nation and much of the world in danger with their dangerous anti-science, head-in-the-sand rhetoric.

I like and respect Vrabel and the Titans a lot more for fucking over Brady and Belicheat in their Swan Song, than I could ever hate them for being fooled by people in power."
"He just said on the Pat McAfee show ""we all feel our great, my body feels great.""

Was scared he was on injury report yesterday but I think this means he's fine."
"Yes, people love to take the extremely basic practice designations as a symbol that someone is destroyed for the next game/season, etc."
[deleted]
""
"No, I dont think I will"
[deleted]
Jesus christ so much nonsense in that writeup... no one needs that much useless information...
I got arthritis scrolling to the comments.
This is no opponent (Texans?) game day food thread...
The richest comment in that thread is when one person said we don’t have talent at WR outside of Juju 😂😂😂
They knocked off the Ravens last year
"They also stomped on the Terrible Towel, so fuck em."
That was last year.  This is 2020.  This year is a separate dimension in and of itself.
"Last season is last season.  THIS season they are messing with our world.  So, no."
"Titans, Ravens, Patriots...same damn thing.

All suck; none are special.  Don't put the Pats and the Ratbirds on pedestals.  Steeler fans aren't jealous of any team."
"Also, Joe Nedney.   

Fuck that team."
"Hol up, they knocked off the PATS and the Ravens in the playoffs last year.   Never forget.  I'll gladly give them a 5 year reprieve for that."
"It does not matter what they did last year.

And in the end it's only matters if we beat the Ravens.

I don't care who else AFC North loses to as long as they lose to us."
"Lol I thought this was gonna say ""Jesse James caught that ball"""
lmao they woulda definitely lost to chiefs or 49ers they’re ass postseason
"https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/j82nqt/kuharsky_i_reported_that_two_groups_of_titans/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Also this but y'know fuck me I should get banned for saying we shouldn't immediately all dogpile on the Titans and demand draft picks/forfeit wins"
""
With 1 less game YEET
r/nfl loves talking about how this is irrelevant due to us playing only bad o-lines
Burrows sweating intensifies.
Nut
"Kevin Colbert is damn near perfect.I edited from God. 

2 years ago..No defense..  Last year ...helmets were thrown ...The ship has been righted.              
(seemingly)

3 years and back on the path to 7. That’s great team management.  Love the potential of this team!!    Remember when we lost to the Raiders"
"Unbelievable. They all make eachother better so not only are they individually stars, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts"
That’s really saying something for TJ considering he gets held half the time
wow
Guys is this good?
""
Let's introduce them to Blitzburgh
"The eagles are injured to shit. In related news, grass is green"
I just saw a boot go flying across the room.  I think that’s how they’ll create the pass.
They're gonna throw to tight ends a lot :(
Good luck with that.
Short quick passes all day so we can't pass rush
"Bold strategy, Cotton."
""
This is corny as fuck but I love it
They don't have much likeness lol. Just a black dude and a white dude
TJ just looks like he’s whining while Bud flexes at him lol
This makes me strangely uncomfortable
🍑🍑
"My therapist: Luigi Bud Dupree isn’t real, it can’t hurt you

Luigi Bud Dupree:"
r/blursedimages
Wheres Tuitt?
"Love the concept, but TJ looks like my 4 yr old son throwing a tantrum."
We should wear overalls as pants one game
Super Sack Brothers!
[deleted]
""
Ahhh I see why this is NSFW
"Isn't this normal?  Wasn't there a humorous story this off season where Ben was trying to ""get"" the defense to hit him, and they refused?  

Also, is there a team in the NFL whose starting QB ISN'T off limits during practice?"
😳
He ain't touchin nobody. WHO YOU TOUCHIN? Nobody
I... I need an adult
"It's crazy for how good Hargrave was last year, we haven't missed him one bit in 3 games."
He's still a rotational player on the Eagles & didn't do all that much last week.  I am looking forward to seeing his patented fork lift move against Pouncey.  If Pouncey has any weakness it's that he can be power rushed and bull dozed at times.  Another interesting match up for Sunday.
This gives me a strange sensation deep down in my pants
Giggity.
How is the gravedigger doing this year?
Now I want Ben to stiff arm him as he runs for 11.
Phrasing.
Good guy Javon
Apparently Hargrave hasn’t heard of the #metoo movement. Which clearly states you can’t harass a woman unless you’re really good looking. Then it’s flirting.
""
"https://imgur.com/GnmA1ig

very low effort but I was bored"
"Haven’t even seen the final product, but that’s hilarious."
[deleted]
Here We Go https://trainers4me.com/Football-Football-Helmet-Decals/
"The circle is about 4"" in diameter irrc"
""
Retro bowl is such a great game. I recommend it to literally anyone that has a working phone and likes football even a little bit
Great game. I rename all the players after current Steelers players
Love the game. Played it nonstop for two weeks.
"Careful, I think you meant the Pittsburgh Iron Workers. Wouldn't want the NFL to get upset. 

But seriously, great game. I did the same, but I think it took me longer to get a defense that could allow me that 1 drive per game to screw things up."
Such a great game and costs one dollar. Very much recommended.
Love retro bowl! Won 11 championships with the lers. Didn’t realize how much they updated the game I haven’t played in a while.
"Man, this game is just sooooo addictive. And yes, I only play with the Steelers! #HereWeGo"
""
Who the fuck is Zach Gelb?
Classic shitty argument. Just because something worse is going on the world it means you can’t complain about ANYTHING else. Dude sounds like a kid in this.
"Zach Gelb can go fuck himself.

Big Ben got asked a question during an interview and answered it honestly. No one would be happy going from a Week 8 Bye to a Week 4 Bye especially when it's the fault of another team who can't follow simple fucking protocols to get their house in order and put something on the field. 

Oh and a division rival we're currently leading benefited immensely from this move. 

Zach Gelb then tries to bring up the current COVID-19 situation and people losing their jobs because of the ongoing pandemic like he's not lucky as fuck to be a sports broadcaster and that if dumb fucks like the Titans continue to disregard protocol the shit that keeps him employed shuts the fuck down and he's one of those out of a job. 

So my question is who asked Zach Gelb for his opinion? How fucking pathetic are you to post a minute plus long rant about someone being unhappy with a major change at their fucking job because another organization caught COVID-19 then did shit like continue meeting, disregarding protocol, and more? Does this dumb fuck not see the god damn irony in saying Big Ben has nothing to complain about because of the current situation while complaining about his complaints?

Oh yea and because of the Titans look at all the major changes the schedule for Week 5 has to go through as well. Oh and the Steelers didn't really get a bye because the game wasn't delayed until Friday after the team spent all week preparing as if they were going to play because the NFL doesn't have any fucking back up plans for a team does something as insanely stupid as not take COVID-19 seriously."
"Aw, stop it, Zach Gelb! Enough of you.

There are people who actually have real-life issues this year. People losing jobs, people losing loved ones. People getting diagnosed with this virus and testing positive.

And I have to hear Zach Gelb complaining about Big Ben."
"I'm so bored of this formula.

A player is asked a very specific and direct question by a reporter.

Player rolls eyes and responds.

Quote is then shared without any context as if the player is just shouting it from the rooftops and hoping people hear."
Never heard of her. Must be a Bengals fan.
"""This two time superbowl winning QB who's been in the league for 16 years thinks he can speak about the NFL?!"""
"So...

NOT important enough to say through the media: Big Ben's opinion of his professional situation in the Time of Covid.

CLEARLY important enough to say through the media: Zach Gelb's opinon of Big Ben's opinion of his professional situation in the Time of Covid.

Makes plenty of sense.

Zach doesn't get to fall back on ""it's his job to spew through the media.""  Because that's also part of Ben's job.  So much so that when players *don't* spout, they even get fined for it."
What an asinine argument lol fuck that idiot
Zach Gelb? Never heard of him. Some schmuck trying to get attention by shitting on popular players with dumb takes. Get this Great Value mark Madden outta here
"Lol that reporter is an idiot. 

This IS their job that we have decided needs to happen. I love football and missed it. I'm glad it's being played. 

But the players are also allowed to express their opinions and unhappiness when things happen. The NFL hasn't planned well enough to play in the midst of a pandemic. They're still people regardless of if they're getting paid millions or have access to good healthcare."
"By his logic, isn’t he wrong for complaining about a guy complaining when there’s worse things going on in the world?"
Who is Zach Gelb?
The dude has 6000 followers on twitter. He’s literally nobody
Also it was not a normal bye-week they were practicing up until the announcement as if they were still playing as normally schedule. Such a dumb take
Zach Gelb looks like Mason Rudolph after being stung by a dozen bees
"When will people realize the ""Sports Reporter Hot Take"" doesn't give you anything more than temporary ratings.

For example ESPN has basically become the ""Hype and Hot Takes"" network, and they are losing viewership in droves and are ready to layoff a bunch of their workforce because people got tired of the nonsense.

Always providing nothing but hot take gives a sports reporter 15 minutes of fame, but then people realize that kind of behavior makes the reporter look childish and immature, quickly ending those 15 minutes in a cold, cold way.

The sports reporters who quietly do their jobs and give informative analysis are the ones with staying power and are more likely to be seen as an authority of the subject in the eyes of others.

Edit to add, and off topic:

By the way, it was refreshing to hear Kirk Herbstreit and Chris Fowler call an NFL game without them feeling the need to hype every play and player.  Chris Collinsworth on NBC can learn from these guys and realize that not every player deserves the line *""that's what makes \[name\] such a great player!""* after they make a good play.  Sometimes just call a good play a good play and move on; no need to spend the next minute hyping the player and/or play.

Just call the game and stop artificially hyping it.  We know if something worth getting hyped up about happens.  We're watching the game, too."
Lol his take is laughable. He must not have even listened to the press conference
"What a moron. I can’t imagine the amount of pain he is in after a season at his age. Of course he should be upset about the bye week, it’s a crucial recovery week for players."
Well you know what they say about opinions. Everyone’s a yadda yadda.
""
Hard for anybody to have a good passer rating when they have 4 guys in their face before they finish their drop back
Shoutout to the Browns
But every game thread I have been reading how our CBs have gone downhill and are constantly getting burnt....  /s
[deleted]
I think the Steelers will win on a walk off field goal .
"I think it's going to be a lot closer than we expect. While the Eagles basically have no receivers, we are known to play down and our offense hasn't quite hit their stride yet. It's going to be close."
"It feels like we always lose to the Eagles, I'm shook."
I think the Steelers will win on a walk off field goal .
I just want a win. Preferably a blowout for once. But I'll take any kind of win.
I think the defense will hold them to a performance similar to week 9 against the Rams last year
60% chance of rain
45-3
E
"I don’t think the bye is gunna help us necessarily, but who knows. I do know we seem to play every team close regardless of skill level so I wouldn’t be surprised if it didn’t look similar to the giants game. We will probably control the game/have a decent edge but still only win by 10 or less. 

21-13 Steelers"
Are you unfamiliar with Ben coming off a bye week?
Close win or loss. 23-20
I don’t think we blow them out but we should get the W. I just can’t help but think how much this feels like it could easily be that classic steeler let down game.
I really hope for a solid W. It would lessen my anxiety for the expectations I have. But in all reality Steelers win 31-24. Playing behind most of the game.
Steelers win 27-23
31-14. Ertz hurts us early but we adjust
I think EDP445 is going to continue bashing the Eagles and thanking the Steelers for kicking their shit
We are going to start off very slow. Go into the half 13 - 6 (defensive TD on a pick 6) then turn it up in the second half with the final score 30 - 13
"As much as I love Conner, injury seem like they love him just as much. So watching the games from last season and the sprinkling that we’ve had of Snell I thought he was gonna take over after Conner. He runs with heart and power but the fumbles are a problem. Now watching McFarland, dude is so explosive. So just curious who you guys think gets plugged in of Conner goes down."
"Is it just me, or does Benny seem really small this year?"
"After Connor? And yes...this is kind of a cop out....but I think they will see who has the hot hand. Snell brings power and toughness, McFarland brings speed and agility.

If Snell could learn to hang onto the ball, I would prefer him as the feature back over McFarland...just for the ability to power through(like Bettis). But, all that is for naught if he is a fumble machine.

EDIT: in short? Snell reminds me of a Bettis type runner, McFarland reminds me of a Dwight Stone/Willie Parker kind of runner"
"Nobody outside Conner is nearly talented or reliable enough to be more than part of a committee.  So, ""nobody"" is the answer you're looking for."
Me
"If it was one guy, probably Snell because his build. But it’d likely be a committee"
I wish we’d see more of McFarland tbh. He is fast as hell. His build doesn’t scare me. He’s the same size as Miles Sanders.
""
Probably to play FB/special teams like hes done before since Derek Watt is out
[deleted]
"Not weird. Many coaches travel in packs. You work together at XYZ University, then get fired/leave, find new job and bring others with you, or one of them gets a job and brings you with them. It's been ths way for years for many staffs in college and nfl. It's a very small fraternity that seemingly values loyalty, sometimes, over capability."
""
"Just read a tweet from Mike Giardi where he was told by Tannehill that the Titan’s “lost faith in the testing process.” Like, motherfucker, you assholes we’re holding unsanctioned practices when you were supposed to be sitting at home"
So now reports are they held an unsanctioned practice the day after they were told to shut down?  How is the NFL not stepping in and punishing them?  They deliberately shirked the rules and have negatively affected two teams.  Class organization my ass.
That’s just gross negligence now
Grown men can act like babies sometimes
"Like, really, how hard is this shit? Everyone else is doing this shit working shit jobs for no money. How are these guys having such a hard time playing a fuckin game??"
"ITT:

Some points made that seriously make me question how those people haven’t been taken out by natural selection by now."
""
"Credit to my buddy Kevin, we went on a Boat ride around the city and got this wild picture.
#HereWeGo

EDIT: turns our u/topperh2 does have a reddit account"
"Can’t wait to see the guy who does the “Wake up, mother fuckers!!” posts here in a couple hours. Gets me rock hard every time"
PETA going to be very mad when we destroy the eagles tomorrow
This is an especially serious game. Let us remember what happened at the last matchup. A complete disgrace for us. Eagles ran the game from start to finish. That memory gets erased here with a blowout win.
Awesome photo
That’s a great picture!
"Oh Mama, I’m in fear for my life
From the long arm of the law..."
let's fucking go
Let’s gooooooo!! Steelers Fan here in California 👍🏼
Great pic! I stole it and it is now my cover photo on FB
[deleted]
"Very, very, very, very nice!"
This is so bad it’s good. I lived about a mile from the strip district for about 4 years and this makes me miss it SO BAD. I’m looking at moving back very soon. LET’S GO!
""
"Lmao this looks exactly like a coworker I know. Even funnier, he's a die hard Eagles fan that I just also happen to be playing against in fantasy this week."
Lol that’s just November Ben
Ben Cheeseburger
Credit: https://twitter.com/nfl_memes/status/1315067559788642304?s=21
Ben RoeTHICCsberger
Ben Eaten
Ol' Walrusberger
Looking more like General Fat Fuck
BIG CHUNGUS
Off-season photo
NORRRRM!
I see you slimmed him down for the photo. Very flattering
"I know it's a few years removed, but this gives me the creeps. Anyone else?"
2020...*puffs cigar*...what a year it's been
Imagine explaining this to someone in 2015
Bert from Sesame Street will be handing the ball to Oscar the Grouch
Just three years ago they were fighting for the division  against each other. 3 years!
is Joe Flacco an elite quarterback?
[deleted]
"Frankly, i think it is hilarious"
What even is this year?
"elite handoff, am i right?"
"I’m new, I don’t understand"
""
""
[Four-time Super Bowl champion Randy Grossman](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Randy_Grossman)
"""The Rabbi"" was a definite favorite from the Steeler Dynasty! 

No finer head of hair has ever graced the inside of a football helmet."
"Reminds me of when I almost bought an AB jersey a few years ago, and the store I go to didn't have it in stock. They claimed they interstore transferred it but it never came in. 

Lucky for me since he had his meltdown shortly thereafter and it all went to hell lol. 

Saved by the miscue."
How did you do that I want to do that to mine lol. Still have my ab jersey sitting around.
Grossman had some clutch third down catches in SB 13 to keep drives alive that ended up going for scores. Great hands.  Tough. Underrated.
He was one of my favorites growing up.  Had some big catches and could block too.
It's off center and I can't unsee it!
Can someone explain to me why you can't just buy the numbers yourself? Wtf NFL
""
My favorite defensive player to watch probably in Steelers history. Dude is relentless.
"Me and TJ have the same Birthday!

TIL"
I think that means we’re getting at least 3 birthday sacks
"Does anyone else hate it when they see it's these dudes birthdays. Like bro can you stay 23 forever please? 
Watt will have 3 sacks today."
I saw a news article that TJ is not playing because he's injured. That's not true correct?
"It's his birthday and he gets to be paid to hit Wentz all day?

Lucky..."
We share a birthday 🎂
"Eagles fan coming in peace to wish one of the best current players on defense today and Happy Birthday and hope he doesn’t kill Carson. If he’s lined up on Mailata, god bless his soul. 

Hoping for a great game today Steel bros!"
"i hope he (for his bday and mine) murders some eagles qbs.  figuratively of course.  

EDIT:  apparently its a bunch of others birthdays as well. good times!"
Hope he gets a pick six or a sack.
BIRTHDAY BOY WITH THE SACK
Nice! One sacks per Quarter would be appropriate.
All the Eagles OL out there giving him birthday hugs. How sweet.
""
"It hurts me to my core that the NFL punished players as hard as the federal government for the horrible crime of \*gasp\* smoking reefer.

No, much better to keep them pumped full of pharmaceuticals so they don't notice their brains being completely hammered into putty until they can't think straight in their 60s."
"He always reminded me of Randy Moss. His acceleration and top speed for being that tall was insane 

I'm sorta surprised now that pot is legal in NFL he has not signed anywhere"
so sad but at least steelers always draft good receivers
"Claypool has the potential to be Bryant and better. I hurt for Bryant, I really do, but let’s be thankful and hopeful with what we do have."
He could have been a HOFer.  So much God given talent.
He was the definition of playmaker
Dude was a Touchdown machine.
We got Claypool!
"Don’t worry, we have Claypool now."
"If this country ever decides to take mental health seriously and legalize cannabis this man would have never had an issue.  Dak Prescott was incredibly brave to come out about it, which is why his injury today was extra brutal.  Bryant deserved better and some guys just can't stay out of their own way because they are either incapable or don't have the support around them to make it happen.  Bryant's failings are a product of society just as much as they are a product of his own poor choices. Josh Gordon is another example."
Don’t do drugs kids
"There was some talk a week or so ago on this site about Claypool being a reminder of Bryant, only better. First quarter today certainly drives that home."
He actually did what Dionte tries to do
He was a goddamn football player
He was so *freaky* athletic.   Amazing athlete.   Absolutely amazing.
"Would you rather :

A - make history in Pittsburgh. Turn your name into a legend. Make millions, if not 100s of millions of dollars. Have just about any woman in the world.

B- smoke a ton of weed"
who is that and why are we sar
I think he is missing a 1 on his jersey. Isnt his name Mapletron?
"I forgot he existed to be honest. Between bens injury, bell and brown leaving and Bryant I’ve been kind of disengaged. Watt and claypool bringing me back in tho"
The rules suck but seriously you give me that kind of money and the only thing I have to do is not smoke? Easy choice
"Hey guys, I think we found a suitable replacement"
I watched that 3 times before realizing I was watching it loop ... and I was not upset
Very reminiscent of *AHEM* Chase Claypool
Chase Claypool is everything Martavis Bryant *should* have been.
He's a free agent
Could have been GREAT.  it really is heart breaking that he never was able to get his demons under control.
Tomlin’s arrogance is to blame. Years of having a top tier squad and nothing to show for it but postseason disappointments and historical ownage by the Patriots
"Mike Tomlin and wasting talent, name a better duo"
"Fuck him. Chose himself over his team.

Love the argument of ""he was struggling with addiction, but weed isn't addictive"". 

Want to smoke weed? Play by the rules.  Lobby to change the rules. But play by the rules."
"Complete straight-line route runner. Also, not that great hands. Even some of those catches he looks awkward trying to catch it over his shoulders. His rookie year was the aberration. Respect for the production he did give us though."
[deleted]
[removed]
I used crackstreams dot com a few weeks ago and it was a good experience
Bilasports.net
Bilasports is super consistent! If u wanna browse streams try sportsurge . Net
Thanks guy!
""
""
[removed]
Nflbite.com
nflbite.com is where it is at. It's the old nflstreams sub but just setup on a separate site now. I use it every week because I don't have cable and I'm a cheap fuck when it comes to paying for streaming services.
Nflbite.com or SportsSurge.com
"Nflbite for sure, as the others have said. Buffstreamz works for me on mobile as well."
buffstream is what i use
""
Yeehaw mother fuckers.
For real thought this was rendered on Red Dead Redemption 2 haha
aka Arthur Morgan
What a stud
I thought it was hangman Adam page at first. They look almost identical
E
""
Nice job dude.  Can't wait for he 5 and 0 one next week
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."
I hate this so much I watched it 43 times
Lol was expecting yh steelers fight song
 /u/vredditshare
It worked!
https://youtu.be/AS-07dh9-NA
"Hey, that’s a Sony Mega Bass. I had one of those  sweet boom boxes for years."
This may be the worst thing I’ve ever heard
Here we go https://imgur.com/gallery/NiiuqGV
"My brother was 3 months early so i understand how hard it is, well kinda im not the parent so, but still thats really cool"
Nice! Here we go little one!
May the tough guy grow up to be as big and strong as Big Ben! Go stillers!
http://imgur.com/gallery/0fcIm9d
"Awww Happy First Game,  babby!"
His first dub. He's good luck.
"Welcome to Steelers Nation, little guy!"
Congratulations on a healthy little one!
"Wishing him health, happiness and lots more Steelers wins! Here We Go"
""
"Thanks for posting this, I miss home (pa). I'm watching from Florida, its been on n off raining here today. Here we go!"
"https://i.imgur.com/WcUTh42.jpg 
https://i.imgur.com/e8faRrK.jpg https://i.imgur.com/yXNeIgv.jpg"
"Do you mind answering a couple questions from a season ticket holder who opted out this year...

How did you get picked for the tickets?
Was the resale value crazy high because there were only 5000?
How was the atmosphere? Was it similar to a WPIAL championship if you've ever been?
How did they decide where you had to sit? I assume they weren't you normal seats.

I'm sure it was a surreal experience, but awesome also"
https://i.imgur.com/fjPE78w.jpg
""
You married your daughter?  Is that legal?
She must be really small to fit up there.
[deleted]
"I know he's a beast after the catch, but shouldn't we be protecting him by putting McCloud out there?"
"Did he get injured on that last return?

And yeah, idk"
"DJ does punts, RayRay does KOs. Been that way since game 1."
""
Looks like pnc park during a normal pirate game.
[deleted]
totally meant Heinz field. but my father sent me this from one of his old fraternity brothers at the game. i would honestly love to go to a game like this
I’m just happy to see people back in there tbh. I would love to get my hands on some tickets but they are probably so fuckin expensive
Were there a lot of people or was it crowded? I wanted to go but was kind of concerned
looks like any Pitt game on Saturdays
It wouldn’t be surreal to see FirstEnergy Stadium like this.
[removed]
"http://bfstrms.xyz/watch/nfl-2


Bookmark this: nflbite.com"
The shots of Heinz Field with Covid-limited attendance reminds me of normal Bungles games I’ve seen...
""
I hope they stay amazing after this game
Eagles are really good.
"No local stations broadcast the games here, anyone have any ideas?"
https://www.steelers.com/watch-live-games/web/reg/en/2020-reg-5-eagles-at-steelers-en
https://www.steelers.com/audio/steelers-nation-radio/
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
To be fair the Steelers have been getting some help from the stripes to this point.
wow
"These refs have been terrible, making bad calls against both teams, but I agree, most (but not all) of there bad calls have gone against the Steelers"
[deleted]
""
"He's a very small guy and nfl football is a violent game.  He's got his shiftiness to help avoid hits, but he isn't a burner, either so defenders can line up their shots w/o fear of being out run.  Gotta assume he's always going to be battling injuries and/or he's going start wussing out of contact even more than he does now leaving meat on the bone on plays."
Insult to injury
Somehow I haven't seen this meme before and I love it
Started him over Claypool. He’s legit cost me two fantasy wins. Oh well I hope this isn’t a pattern that’s developing
""
"So when does JuJu start picking fights with Ben, freezing his feet and complaining about his football helmet?"
Hey I’ll take a td however we can get it. My fantasy team is hurtin tho. Come on juju!
Juju plays team ball. I think he’ll be fine 👍🏼
""
And again
And ....again
I fucking love this meme format so this made me audibly laugh hysterically...
So much yes
And his third
I’m fucking convinced the universe is always listening! I was completely unaware of this video until someone at work brought it up today as well as unaware of the turnout of the game. For you to post this is just too much of a weird coincidence for me right now! Lol
Kinda looks like him
[deleted]
You spelled GOAT wrong
"STEAL OF THE DRAFT

Ben loves his big receivers, and so do I"
*Nut*
""
""
That was quick take my upvote
Congratulations that was fast. Lol
This announcing crew is one of the worst in awhile
James Franco Harris lmaooo
What about Steelers OC Andy Richter?
A legend nobody knew existed until today
Vilma is probably the worst announcer ever.
It took all of Vilma’s 3 remaining brain cells to realize how badly he fucked that up
"I like when he said ""Wentz was looking for Wentz down field"" 😂"
that was somehow not even in the top 5 most awkward flubs that came out of Vilma's mouth today
That was such an awkward moment lol why did he even think that'd be funny
It was so awkward. Wouldn’t have been if they had just dropped it lol
"James Franco: Is it true you guys are starved for a new thing to hate?

Raiders: Yes.

James Franco: Then why don't you feed them?"
I don’t get it
"""Fulgram is tearing this Eagles defense apart""- Vilma

""...Fulgram went undrafted.  Drafted by the Detroit Lions.""- Vilma

Oh, and the idiot Vilma called Darius Slay ""Derrick Slay"" twice!"
Can’t stop giggling
That's a wonderful photoshop job my dude
Yinz Break. Yinz Break forevaaaaa
"The mistake wasn’t that bad, anybody could let that slip. It was the cringe worthy recovery that hurt."
Strawberries
LMAO
cant even think about franco with dirty heads popping into my head.
😂😂 a true Hall of Famer
Well that didn't take long.  LOL
Vilma was giving some interesting commentary.
awesome
"Heartbeat, It's a Lovebeat."
"Vilma was a nightmare to listen to. His attempts at being funny were horrible, just stick to calling the game."
"Vilma did an amazing job calling the Saints game last week, this Steelers game not so much sadly."
"I thought that blunder was funny, but how about the black announcer saying he loved Eddie Van Halen and Van Halen’s music. Now I understand there are many Black people who love rock ‘n’ roll, metal, and Eddie Van Halen, but not that guy! Suspect at best"
""
I didn't even know points went up this high
Means nothing if they can't hold the lead. Need defense to step up
I know it hardly matters but it was getting a little annoying hearing it on the radio.
"Nah, now they'll just frame it and say they've only scored 30+ pts once in 23 games"
Gotta get that opening drive touchdown next week and shut people up about that.
Winning shootouts count double in the standings.
[removed]
it always seems to me that refs try to keep a lot of the games close
The PI calls have been terrible for both sides so far in this game
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
There's a game on...
Going to be a no for me
"No. Don't be surprised if they resign him, he's already said he's not chasing money and has seen the whole ""grass isn't always greener"" effect happen to multiple guys."
"What do you think is going to happen after this game now that Claypool had a breakout game and JuJu did relatively nothing? What do you think is going to happen when Claypool starts to draw double coverage?

You need TWO good receivers. Let’s keep him on the roster and use him while we can."
No
Boo this man!!!
No?
No
"Pay him for the right price, plain and simple. If some team wants to overpay the shit out of him let them."
Juju will resign for $15 million a year. Steelers trade James Washington for a 3rd round pick in the off season
"No... really really bad take.  You NEED multiple deep fast threats.  You saw what happened when Juju was without AB the first year and didn't have Ben to help shoulder that responsibility.  

&#x200B;

You get rid of Juju... Ben retires in 2 years... you're fucked."
First downvote of the week. You’re welcome.
"No, not unless he demands absurd money. Hopefully he won't, but if it's anything remotely reasonable we have no reason to get rid of him. He's an excellent wide receiver and depth is what you need to win."
"Absolutely not. We are all in on winning this year so it would make no sense unless we got a good player in return but they'd need to learn the playbook and everything, besides Juju is still making an impact and we'd lose insurance incase we caught the injury bug at WR"
"Haha haha.  No.

You do realize we get a comp 3rd round pick for juju.  His services this year are well worth waiting one year for that pick.

If we traded juju in season it would need to be for a 1st round pick.

We might even be able to trade him after the year on the franchise tag for a pick.

I’m not even saying we need him this year.  But even as depth he’s worth more than a third."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
It doesn't feel like a talent issue. The coverage is just bad.
Minkah has only been targeted 5 times.  The problems in the secondary are not his fault
Is Haden losing a step?
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
here after the fourth TD. THIS MAN IS SUCH A BEAST!!
Consider those hoes stunted upon
Omele du fromage...
That BS opi took away a TD I'm so pissed at that if Eagles come back
"Our meme game is so weak, it’s either super basic or at best just plain theft.

It’s like the opposite of the Steelers."
Ravens shade best shade
"as a diehard Notre Dame fan, I love this timeline."
[removed]
[removed]
“No one tell Claypool he’s good! He’ll leave us for sure!”
nope he’s on my bench
I legit benched him this week after starting him week 2- last week. absolutely pissed but happy for my gut
People wanted dobbins
""
He’s ballin
[removed]
Antonio who?
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
Maybe some words bc I’m lost
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Too bad they played like shit today... but hey a Wins a Win
"A pick that should have been a bat-down. 

4th down and they catch it??? Gave the Eagles 50 yards or something :("
Missing the birthday boy that caused the pick
Minkah Needs to be traded immediately
""
I still remember steelers nation getting angry over that pick.
Sounds like he is the only non running back to ever do it
"""Some."" So who were the rest?"
Not a bad group to be associated with.  (to put it mildly)
[removed]
""
The Wikipedia editor crew must hate NFL fans lol
hol up.. where's the lie?
Judging by the upvotes I’m in the minority but this joke was really old 5 years ago.
"Have to admit, that's pretty funny....."
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"#Philadelphia Eagles at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): FOX

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:38

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Eagles *|7|7|8|7|29|
|Steelers * *|7|10|14|7|38|


Last Play: (:38) B.Roethlisberger kneels to PIT 34 for -1 yards.

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|TD|1|(1:07) C.Claypool left tackle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|1|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|1|(:19) (Shotgun) M.Sanders up the middle for 74 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|1|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|TD|2|(11:56) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to C.Claypool for 32 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|2|(6:21) (Shotgun) J.Driscoll reported in as eligible.  M.Sanders up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|2|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|FG|2|(2:00) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|3|(13:04) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to C.Claypool for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|3|(10:35) J.Conner up the middle for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PHI|TD|3|(6:03) (Shotgun) C.Wentz pass short left to G.Ward for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT2|3|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. C.Wentz pass to J.Hightower is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|
|PHI|TD|4|(11:30) (Shotgun) C.Wentz pass short middle to T.Fulgham for 4 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PHI|PAT|4|J.Elliott extra point is GOOD, Center-R.Lovato, Holder-C.Johnston.|
|PIT|TD|4|(3:04) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to C.Claypool for 35 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Eagles | 9 | 84 | 94 | 242 | 20 |
| Steelers | 8 | 86 | 136 | 231 | 25 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
I wish I trusted anything in my life nearly as much as I trust Kevin Colbert drafting wide receivers
Chase Claypool.
Can we get a wellness check on that guy that benched Claypool today?
"Dear Chase, I feel like I can call you Chase because you and me are so alike. I'd like to meet you one day, it would be great to have a catch. I know I can't throw as fast as you but I think you'd be impressed with my speed. I love your hair, you run fast. Did you have a good relationship with your father? Me neither. These are all things we can talk about and more. I know you have not been getting my letters because I know you would write back if you did. I hope you write back this time and we can become good friends. I am sure our relationship would be a real home run."
If you ever feel stupid just know Doug Pederson tried a 57 yard field goal at Heinz Field.
"Folgers? Fullgham? Who the fuck is that? This was far too close but lord almighty we got the dub. Let’s get into it. 

Good:

- Ben Roethlisberger. He’s a gamer man. There’s no way around it. He redirected chase on his 4TH TD right up the middle. Holy Christ it’s good to have the kind back. 

- Mapletron. Welcome to NFL, eh? What a game. A bullshit OPI is what ruined the ultimate day but wow he came to play. Such a weapon, a big bodied dude. That’s tough to defend. We got a good one. 

- Pre snap motion. It’s just a different offense than anything we’ve seen. Even putting claypool in motion draws enough attention. We heard so much about the influence of Matt Canada and we can see that now. Lots of movement

- An offense that converts points off TO’s is such a refreshing change of pace from last year. Getting 7 of Steve’s INT is what helps out so much. We missed that last year; shoutout to big fucking Ben. 

Bad:

- Third down defense. Jfc. Where to begin. We could not get off the field to save our life man. Have got to do better here( that’s the only reason this game was so damn close. Seems like the longer the down and distance the easier it got. So frustrating. 

- Refs. Again pure garbage. On both sides. This was as bad as I’ve seen them man. 

Wasn’t the prettiest but raise your hand if youre 4-0 bitches!!!!! I’ll take the wins any which way we can get them, no easy wins in this league. Fuck you fulgham. 

Claypool > Folgers coffee bitch ass WR

WHO RIDE!?!?"
"The last time the Steelers opened 4-0...

...the Pirates won the World Series"
I'll take the heart attack every week if we keep winning.
Chase Claypool is my dad
Chase Claypool just schlonged their secondary
4-0 baby!
Claypool with 4 TDs but spiritually 5 because the refs stole one from him. Future HOF.
The fact that Claypool looked that good even when facing Slay is really promising. We got a special one right there.
"Alright, straight up, FUCK THESE REFS!
My god, that was pathetic officiating for both sides smfh. 

So, injuries. Idk about y’all, but it’s very concerning to me seeing Ben grabbing his arm. He’s doing the same thing as early in the season last year. 

Dionte has to be smarter with his plays. The guy has the talent, but he fucks up a bit too much. Keep him away from returns too, McCloud is doing better and I don’t want dionte getting injured, which keeps happening unfortunately.

DeCastro got injured again too, and while that fucking sucks too, I’m at least content that our depth seems ok to handle it. Dotson is capable .


Defense was all over the place, and our secondary was getting TORCHED by fulgham. As always, we never seem to coast on games ever lol smh. Last time I felt we coasted was 2018, against the panthers, so like, Steelers, could you please fucking stop with the coasting?!?!?

Alright positives and I only want to talk about one......


CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL!!!!!

MAPLETRON THE GOD


He is a monster my goodness. Utterly dominant"
"Can someone let the officials know that their face masks aren't meant to cover their eyes too?

Anyway, take the W and go 4-0!"
"Claypool with 4 TDs as a rookie despite a phantom OPI call, Steelers with a 4-0 start for the first time in 40 years. Crack a Yuengling and crank Renegade."
"""Perhaps it is now time for the torch of Pennsylvania to be passed to Philadelphia. For Wentz to take up the mantle of Quarterback of the Keystone State.""

*Tuitt sack*

""Then again, perhaps not."""
Claypool is a stud. Our secondary needs a lot of work. Those 3rd and longs were dangerous.
Chase Claypool was so good that even the refs were impressed.
"The reality is, the defense has not begun to tap their potential. We got glimpses of it in the second half of the Texans game. We will need to develop into that type of defense consistently to contend for a title. 

We should be excited that the offense is breaking out. It isn’t complete yet but it’s getting better.

On one hand this is the least impressive 4-0 team I’ve ever seen but they have a tremendous ceiling. 

Remember, in previous years, we play like this and start 2-2 and those two losses come into play late in the year for playoff seeding. 

Look at how many times the patriots started slow and clunky but were  undefeated or only had one loss somewhere around the halfway point and had a huge advantage for seeding. They found ways to win those games. That’s us this year, hopefully. Winning even while we are not hitting on all cylinders, setting ourselves up for something bigger later in the year when every win will absolutely matter for seeding."
Best rookie WR ever!!!
"Let’s worry about the defense tomorrow. 

Today’s all about CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL"
Holy fuck.
"Eagles were a legit team. I know their record doesn’t show it but their defense is absolutely nothing to fuck around with. I’m upset with our secondary, but other than that I don’t have a ton to complain about. At the end of the day a win is a win"
THE EAGLES ARE IN DISMAYPOOL
Worst officiating I've ever seen but a dub is a dub
"Gotta catch a quick nap before work but game was closer than it should have been. Refs did an awful job for both teams but we also had a bunch of dumb calls on our part. Putting Haden on Fulgam happened way too late in the game and we sacrificed the secondary far too much to bring pressure on a quarterback who could get it out quickly and easily thanks to poor coverage. 

Still a win is a win and Claypool showed up big time this week. Onto the Browns unless the COVID-19 gods decide to smite our Week 6. Broke 30 points this week boys.

I'll smoke my victory pre-roll after work to get a really good sleep after my first overnight shift."
"Fuck the Refs, Fuck the Flyers, and Fuck Philadelphia in general. West PA Best PA"
Chase mother fucking Claypool!!!!
Lol do you think Claypool ran out of TD celebrations? 🤔
Raiders just beat KC.
"on the brightside, sanders broke off that 74 yd run ended up with 80 total and 94 as a team."
Jerry Rice wears Chase Claypool pajamas to bed.
I love the delusion over in the eagles sub. They think the refs handed us the game when it was trash calls that benefited both teams.
Defense had an off day and the offense stepped up and bailed them out. Love it
Post the ref picture with the trash can on fire.
"Stat sheet says 4 TD but I saw him in the end zone 5 times...

Letting one WR score that many times is a serious problem.  You’d think after the 2nd TD they would try to lock that shit down.  Pretty embarrassing for Jim Schwartz."
"The NFL has obviously tweaked how the rules are being interpreted by the referees to benefit the offense, so there is more scoring. They pretty much quit calling holding at all, and they've increased the pass interference calls on defense. This is in addition to their usual calling the games in order to keep the score close to make the league appear more competitive than it actually is. Bottom line is the NFL is very poorly run and designed with greed as the number one goal instead of making sure the games are called fairly. If that game was called fairly then the Steelers would have won by at least two touchdowns, but the league doesn't like that scoreline, they attract more viewers and make more money with close games."
Word is that Chase Claypool is being examined for a strain in his back from carrying that entire fucking game
"That was a great game, until it wasn’t, and then it was again. GG’s boys. Now let’s flush the Browns."
Well it was ugly but the offense won a game for what feels like the first time in a long time!
"our defense had some lapses, but the main reason that game was even that close was the refs and their total shit calls. they took at least 2 tds away from us for BS calls.  they were atrocious and if im tomlin, im calling them out post game."
Refs were fucking terrible and they can go fuck themselves but our secondary has to play better. The game threads make the secondary seem much worse than it is but there's definitely been regression.
Sanders had a 74 yard run in the first quarter. He ended the game with 80 yards rushing. 💪
The Pittsburgh Heart Palpitations
CHASE CLAYPOOL DAD DICKED THE IGGLES LONG & HARD.
Mapletron is born.
Chase Claypool can fuck my wife.
"Me: “That’s the scariest movie I’ll watch all October.”

Week 6 Steelers: “Hold my beer.”"
"Ben was solid. Chase Claypool is my new BFF. Defense looked asleep at times, not sure if that is partly due to coming off the unexpected bye week, but at least they looked good on that last Eagles possession. Thank god this wasn't a really good team, or else they would have taken our lunch money today. Gonna be a long stretch from here on out, but if we stay healthy and come to play, I believe in this squad."
"This was one of those games that was bound to happen and will happen again, the defense can't win and/or close out every game. Really happy to see the offense can step up and close things out when they need to."
"The best part of this game was Juju and James Washington going all in on the sticky ball celebration, carrying it all the way back to the side line."
We have the best pass rush in the league not doubt. But what the fuck happened to our secondary?
We gonna talk about Terrell Edmunds being the best player in the secondary today or is the Steelers reddit not ready to have that conversation yet?
"Let’s go boys, maple syrup on me"
"If you don’t like that, you don’t like Steelers football"
Only thing that matters is 4-0 boys.
Wentz isn’t a bad qb so I’m not surprised he got back on track. Just didn’t expect it would be against us
An ugly win is still better than a close loss LFG!
"This was the most anxiety inducing game because all of my friends are Eagles fans. 

... today is a good day."
"Game down to the final few minutes? Blown 3rd down plays on defense? Win by 2 points?

Classic Steelers football. Wins a win and I’m happy with that"
I hope Johnson is okay.
We HAVE to keep juju for claypool if that makes sense. Its a good 1 2 punch.
"Going into the season I knew Chase was tall and fast, but after watching the first game and seeing his body control on the sideline catch I knew he was going to be special.  He has the best body control I've seen since AB in his prime.  He could have easily had a 5th touchdown today."
Chase Claypool
Claypool best WR in his draft class change my mind.
Need a Chase Claypool up vote party!!
Never in doubt bois
My heart can’t take anymore
"On 10/11/2020, Chase ""Big Dick Energy"" Claypool hung 4 TDs on the Philadelphia Eagles, making the first recorded ""stunt on these hoes"" in the 2020 season."
Fuck the refs.
4-0 for the first time in 41 years.
"This is the beginning of the ""Chase Claypool for OROY"" campaign."
Claypool went off! Great game for the rookie.
Petition for Pittsburgh to secede from the US and self-annex to Canada.
Member how we usually lose to bad teams? I'm glad this didn't happen
We’ll never get it but the nfl needs to address the officiating in this game. Piss poor
I wonder how many years of my life I’ve lost being a Steelers fan
Yay we won! FUCK THE REFS
"Claypool is a beast and probably our new #1 in my eyes.


Ben played great and had 0 interceptions. 


Defense didnt get any pressure 

Ebron needs to clean it tf up with the drops (hes a TE though )

And obviously 

FUCK THE REFS"
"Overall nice win although there was a point I thought we were going to lose the gimme game.

Nice to be 4-0 although we haven’t played the ravens yet.

Claypool is great. Idk how the Steelers can always find these wr deep in draft 

The refs were absolutely awful. I feel like there were so many penalties"
"4 and MF 0!!!! 25% perfect, gotta love it.  Not easy to win games in this league but it’s easier with Big Ben.  Keep flying under the radar of the rest of the AFC.  I like it."
I wonder how much Travis Fulgham going off had to do with Zach Ertz catching 1 pass for 6 yards.
"5 sacks, 21 QB hits. Best Steelers front 7 since 2010."
My opponent started Claypool this week. Pray for me.
"Without a doubt the defense needs to play better. Putting teams in 3rd and long is supposed to be a GOOD thing for the defense, but we can never execute in those situations. I hope Butler or Tomlin starts to address this shit, but idk. 

Ben and Mapletron carried this fucking offense today. Both solid performances. I'm so damn happy about Claypool and that we have him on our team. He's going to be great and I can't wait to watch his career."
"I'm happy Ben is playing so well, and Chase was amazing, but our defense is scaring me a bit."
"Once, just once, i would like us to put away a team by the end of the third quarter so I can unclench my fist before the game is over.

I know I'm asking for a lot but my heart ain't getting any younger!"
"Some of the Steeler fans on twitter are so insufferable. People like Mark Madden and company will go to any lengths to trash the Steelers regardless of success. It’s almost like these people aren’t fans at all. Do we have some work to do on the back end of the secondary? Absolutely. It’s early in the season, every team has things to work on. It’s like if this team isn’t absolutely perfect every Sunday they complain regardless of outcome and then trash the fans that are actually excited about the win and the great game some of our players had."
4-0 BITCHES
Lfg!!!
Did Vilma watch the game? We really couldn't run the ball worth a shit.
Mapletron good
4-0!!! Just need DJ to stop breaking himself and our Receiver corps is gonna be unstoppable.
Welcome to the Al Bundy club Chase Claypool.
"This game gave me a killer headache, wtf is wrong with this defense?"
This was the first game where the defense let us down and Ben had to step up and win it
"Happy Cake Day, TJ!"
Now let's watch the Raiders trying to win and the Browns game
"if the raiders make this first, KC loses."
Mother fucking Chase Claypool. League is on notice now
What the fuck happened in the Chiefs game?
West side best side. That is all.
"I love this team, but watching them play is stressful as hell. It'd be nice to have a few games that're guaranteed wins."
This Claypool guy might be good at football
My friend cowboys fan hasn’t seen if of our games just asked me is we could go undefeated this year. Had to do a spit take.
"Guys, I don't want to overreact, but we're going to win the next 3 Superbowls."
"Watching this from over in Melbourne and stayed awake until 4am for it, Claypool's effort made it all worth. May just stay awake to watch the other games now I'm that amped!"
I never thought I wouldn’t see days of our steelers in my inbox by week 5 😂
Wonder what was said to juju to get him so upset when he was on the ground
"Since we won, I can say this: it was kinda nice for the hometown guy to score, even if he was playing for the enemy."
"I feel like the Offense bailed out the defense today

Hard fought game, great W."
You can't guard Chase Claypool. The secret service couldn't guard Chase Claypool.
Some of y’all are so fucking cancerous in the game threads man.
"Y’all gotta realize that the refs kept the eagles in that game. Eagles are tough, but every team plays the Steelers like it’s their Super Bowl. The Steelers weathered the storm and kept pushing forward. The biggest takeaway from this game is that the refs need to be reviewed weekly and evaluated and penalized for terrible calls."
"Nothing is as miserable as the game threads. Guys, people are going to score against us. People are going to make bad plays. Refs are going to mess up calls. Please stop overreacting to everything. When we let up a TD there is at least 10 comments saying the Steelers are going to lose the rest of the season. Relax people!"
I will stop saying Clay Chasepool. I promise !!!! 🏈🏈🏈🏈
Dak Prescott just had one of the worst ankle breaks I've ever seen.
"Of course the week i drop Claypool due to lack of usage, he pops off for 4TDs and Johnson gets hurt again"
Steven Nelson and Minkah seem like they are regressing in year 2 with Pittsburgh. Almost like they had good talent last year and then they realized they are on the Steelers and our secondary is a sieve half the time. Minkah especially. Where is his aggressiveness he had last year? Our scheme has him just sitting in zone.
We want Myles Garrett!!!!
That was almost terrible
Not a great win but we take em where we can get em. 4-0 is huge. Let’s hope they figure out why Wentz was able to move the ball so easily. Hope some of you guys can chill and enjoy the entertainment. We won’t go undefeated just so y’all can’t maybe have better expectations
We are on our wayyyy!!! Here we go! 🖤💛🖤💛🖤💛
That was a butt clencher.
Offense needs to be more aggressive. Defense needs coaching?
"I missed the second half. Can someone summarise in 10 words or less, or as a haiku poem? Cheers.

Also, I'm on my phone with shit signal so I can't check stats. What did Claypool finish on?"
Claypool is my first child's name now. 😂
I love crunching out these wins
I missed seeing the TD pass to Pouncey.
"Watt’s injury really affected the secondary. Without him firing on all cylinders, we’re an above average unit. With Watt, we’re top tier. Hope he can heal up"
"Beautiful W, although I’m concerned about Ben’s deep ball. He’s been overthrowing everyone this year."
He could. I’d give him 4 years.
Chase is AB + Plax
Was hargrave in this game I remember he signed with the eagles did he do anything in this game? He said he wanted to sack ben lol.
"I couldn’t watch the game, how were the Ref’s terrible?"
Big Ben is quietly having a great season. 10td to 1int and #7 in the NFL. He's played 1 less game than most other qb on the list. Past years I feel he's thrown more ints
"Great Sunday for us. 

Now I'm wondering who had it worst today? 9ers, Vikings or Cowboys fans? I'm leaning towards Cowboys. I wish Dak a speedy recovery."
"Is it just me, or is it a guarantee that we blitz, when Hilton and Edmunds both line up over the slot? Seems way too predictable."
"Gotta tighten up that 3rd down defense bigtime. This team has given up so many 3rd and extra longs it's gonna lead me to an early grave.

They blitz on 1st and 2nd downs getting them to the 3rd and longs, then come 3rd down the don't blitz and they drop into a soft zone, the pass rush doesn't get there in time and there's always someone wide the fuck open. 

This team is built to play man defense. I know why they're doing it, when you play man all defenders backs are to the QB who can then take off and run. They've played a bunch of QB's capable of a decent run. 

But to treat the likes of Carson Wentz like he's god damn Lamar Jackson is ridiculous. Blitz on 3rd downs! Play man on man! Get off the fucking field!"
Finally home after my first shift and gonna smoke that victory pre-roll. Cheers!
I love that we won and I'm glad to know we have a new stud WR. However I'm pissed at myself for benching him in all my fantasy leagues...
I’m tired of clenching my butt but I’m not tired of winning
"Missed the end of the game last night due to family obligations(Canadian thanksgiving), did Watt come back in the game? Is the injury serious or will he play next week?"
If the second half of the Texans game gave me confidence in our defense. This game did the opposite. We have the talent to win the superbowl but we are being held back by two subpar coordinators.
What a wild 180 from defensive to offensive powerhouse. Why can't we just have both in one game? Whatever a dubs a dub lmao
I say it every week. This team takes YEARS off my life.
"I don't get why people are so mad when people point out that Minkah is regressing.

He was a DPOY candidate last year and looked like the best safety in the damn game. He looks nothing like that this year. It doesn't mean he's not good anymore but he's definitely not that so far."
Cowboys fan here in peace; why the fuck was y’all safety ejected after just one helmet to helmet hit? There was no ejection called by the refs. I learned from the dude who announces the red zone channel and was like what the hell.
Damn Fullcum really destroyed our secondary today. Also most of those PI calls were absolute BS and ruined my enjoyment of the game. Wentz sucks ass. I was hoping they would keep hurts in the game. BUT holy fuck Mapletron is good. Im really happy for him today. My dad is an eagles fan so ive been texting him shit all day.
Can we get a new Offensive Coordinator? His play calling is painfully obvious. Thank goodness Ben is playing like an All Pro.
"In the battle of PA, the fascists lose. Well done, boys. Fuck the refs. Fuck fascism."
"JuJu, thanks for everything, but I think Claypool will make you expendable heading into next year"
"NFC LEAST. Is so bad. Why do I even hope the eagles could beat yall. Ravens will of course win this division, but I really wish it didn't have to be this way. Sweeping the division in order to win the division is distasteful to say the least. It really looking it will have to be the Ravens to set yall selves  straight 🙄"
Great start to the season the team looks really good and mostly complete. Things are looking really up.
ALS can go f*** itself. Hopefully there is a cure after the Ice Bucket challenges.
""
""
*5 TDs
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[deleted]
"I don’t follow Aussie Rules football but I like to watch it when ever it’s on TV. The problem is it’s on in the morning live here in the US, and that’s usually when I’m running errands. I played rugby in college and I like Aussie Rules a little more than rugby. Cheers!"
"Hey bro, American living down under here. My partner's family have been trying to recruit me to the Roos, but I've been drawn to the Tigers due to their color scheme and I loved Marlion Pickett's story during the Grand Final last year.

The 4am Steelers games are the worst, I always wake up with so much anxiety!"
"When I took on a project in Melbourne and was commuting back and forth from Pittsburgh every 2 months, I became a dreaded Collingwood supporter/member for the season and a friend let me join his coterie. Managed to catch them being knocked out in the preliminary final at the MCG then made it back for an early season Steelers game the following weekend (the jet lag was killing me).

When working over there, I was pretty surprised at the number of locals who were hitting me up for fantasy football advice.

Haven't been able to follow the pies as closely back in the states and I'll warn you that the beer is a helluva lot more expensive at Heinz Field."
"Pittsburgh born and raised, Adelaide Crows fan."
Are you me? Haha also from Sydney and love the Steelers. Up 3am/4am every game. Don’t like AFL as much as NRL but go for Richmond... black and gold
""
"For those that don't know, Moats has a [podcast](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFPpVnzIt33ZPQglYd7MOqQ) where he does great in-depth analysis of the team twice a week. He offers very good view point having played on the team and knowing the scheme.

I definitely recommend it!"
"When I hear this being said from Steelers fans, I will ignore it, but when Moats says it, I know he has actual knowledge behind it.  He isn't simply being reactionary, and he does a good job of explaining things.  I will have to give this a watch."
[deleted]
James Harrison’s Super Bowl pick 6 gotta be up there
Randle-El to Ward in Super Bowl XL could be a cool one
Santonio Holmes SBXLIII [game-winning catch](https://youtu.be/KzQV8znng1Q).
"This one for sure.

https://youtu.be/HRisAHgJ6-Q"
Lynn Swan juggling catch in the super bowl. Ben's tackle against indianapolis after the Bettis fumble.
"A few from my personal vintage:  


Randle el's trick play  
Harrison's 100 yd Pick 6  
Holme's tiptoe catch   
Ben's shoestring tackle  


Not really a ""play"", but I always enjoy the clips of Hines ward absolutely DECKING Ed Reed/Keith Rivers/insert here."
Ab against the ravens on Thanksgiving
"Willie Parker's record-setting 75 yd TD run in SB XL

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcIcKdf2Exs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcIcKdf2Exs)"
"Cool concept! Off the top of my head, here are some that weren't mentioned yet: Mike Wallace's game winning catch vs. GB as time expired, Troy Polamalu's pick 6 vs. rookie Flacco in the AFCCG, and there was a trick play vs. The Bengals in the 2005 Wild Card game that would be fun to design"
Looks awesome!
This is so cooool!
"Randel-El to Hines in SBXL
Harrison pick 6 in SBXLIII
Bettis plows over Urlacher
Troy P pick 6 vs. the Ravens in the AFC championship game
Lynn Swan leaps over the Cowboys in SBX
Bradshaw to Stallworth in SBXIV
Roethlisberger to Holmes in SBXLIII
Fast Willie Parker for 75 yards in SBXL
Surprise onside kick in SBXXX"
"As your picture shows, the immaculate reception. it was labeled the greatest play of all time by the NFL. Off the top of my head... the  Santonio Holmes Super Bowl catch, Polamalu's pick against Joe Flacco, Big Bens shoe-tackle, Harrisons pick 6 in the Super Bowl, really anyone of Lynn Swans TD in the Super Bowls, but there are definitely way more."
Jesse James’ game winning touchdown catch against the Patriots.
Harrison’s 100 yard int. Return for a td in the Super Bowl vs. cardinals?
Is advertising allowed on this sub? Mods?
""
"Quite possibly, and I’m not exaggerating, the greatest player in the history of organized athletics."
7/11 is always open🔥🔥
Damn straight
"Hell yeah brother, cheers from Canada"
"Good for him. 

I was thinking about this the other night- it’s so nice and cool to see juju celebrate his success compared to when juju had success and the last star we had threw a bitch fit. Bringing in these quality men who have a team first mentality is just a nice change of pace to what we were accustomed to for so long."
First of many?
I ordered a jersey right after the game. I needed a new one since AB went full AB.
"“I wanted to get blackout.”

I love this guy more and more with each passing day."
5 touchdowns. He was fucking robbed.
Tomlin really knows how to develop receivers.
"If you haven't watched it already, here's the link to his interview on the Pat McAfee Show: https://youtu.be/SBV3SlE_qzg

Dude's awesome"
Hard to argue with 4 TDs
Aaaaaaand I had him benched lmao
"well deserved, one of the best performances by a WR since Julios 300 yard game in 2016"
Well deserved.  That didn't take much brain power on the part of the awards committee.
"Remember all the ""don't get too excited"" NFL Draft jagoffs in this sub lmao"
Mapletron is a cheat code as our #4 wideout
How he wasn’t a first rounder is beyond me but since he’s on the Steelers I’m definitely not questioning it
No surprise here. Totally deserved
"I mean, of course.  This whole thing would be a joke if he didn’t get it this week."
He was very offensive.
Does this make Chase Claypool the second person to ever do it?
because hes really good at playing football!!
"What’s up Steelers fans, Chase is a dog happy to see him find his footing now within this offense. I just snagged him up on the wavier wire. How do you guys expect him to play in offense for the rest of the season. I know juju still a threat so he’s gonna get his share and targets. Just would like to know how you guys think I should play this in Fantasy."
Primus sucks
How quickly can he learn how to play QB? can he just take over once ben retires?
Antonio who?
"The argument for Le’Veon was always about guaranteed money. The way that Pittsburgh structures its contracts, it is very rare that the team will ever have a large guaranteed amount for the deal. Bell, having at that point played his whole career for the Steelers and gone thru various injuries, wanted to protect himself against any injuries. He trusted his skill level to keep him on the field, and wanted a contract that would allow him to get paid big bucks, without the possibility of being cut if things went sour. 

When it comes to the Steelers offer before he left, the team reportedly wanted to give him $47 million over three years. The guarantees of that contract may not be known, but it’s safe to assume that he would have been interested if it was fully guaranteed. The Steelers also reportedly offered him a five year deal worth $70 million at one point. Here’s the thing though, this wasn’t a deal offered by the Jaguars or Dolphins. This is the Steelers. A team that very rarely cuts a player in the middle of a deal (big name players), especially due to injury. On the contrary, especially with its homegrown talent, the team sticks by its players for arguably too long at times. And it even does unthinkably kind things like keeping a player who lost his career due to injury on the books (Shazier stayed thru his whole contract, getting paid his first round salary and taking advantage of the doctors and insurance).

Bell left to go play for the Jets for a contract that could have paid him up to $61 million with incentives. The guaranteed portion, that was so important to him, was $28 million. Bell got his guaranteed money. After sitting out a year and missing out on the $14 mil from the tag, it was debatable at best on whether or not Bell lost money from the standoff, but if the guaranteed money was the only thing that mattered, than Bell got what he wanted.

Now, Bell has been cut. He leaves the Jets with ALL of that guaranteed $28 million, but no more. He signed a deal and trusted a team that would give him the guaranteed money, but apparently the trust of anything beyond that was unimportant to him. The moment the team realized they didn’t want to pay him a penny over the guarantees, they cut him. While a team like the Steelers tends to play things a year or so at a time, often restructuring deals for the better of both the player and the team, they still hold on to said players for the entirety of the contract way more often than not. 

Bell’s agent is quoted talking about how Pittsburgh’s contracts do not guarantee after the first year, and how Bell was all about the guarantees.


>""No matter what that final number was and I am certainly not saying that what has been reported is accurate because it's not, quite frankly—the most important element of it is the guarantee. You couple that with the traditional way in which Pittsburgh does its deals, which, at the end of the day, nothing's guaranteed after the first year.""


Bell got his guaranteed money. He received his $28 million. What he may not have fully understand, or what his agent didn’t want to accept, is that even if the contract doesn’t “guarantee” every penny, a Steelers deal is more trustworthy than almost any other. If the reported $70 million deal offer from the Steelers was real, it had $30 mil in guarantees, meaning more than the $28 million he received from the Jets. If he had signed the the reported $47 million deal over three years from the Steelers, than today Bell would have made $47 million dollars by now with a team that likely would have stuck with him thru low moments, hamstring injuries, etc. One could also argue that the Steelers o-line was perfect for his patented style of running, and he’d be still on his way to Canton, instead of looking like a washed up old player. 

But regardless of how well he has or hasn’t played. Regardless of whether the Jets or the Steelers were the “better fit,” Bell trusted the guaranteed dollar sign on a Jets contract and walked away with that and nothing more over a Steelers deal that, up to this point, would have paid him $19 mil more than he left the Jets with.

Bell was once an all-time type talent. Drafted in the 2nd round, he has made more money with the Jets than anywhere else, earning that deal based on on the play with Pittsburgh. But now that the dust has settled, it seems more clear than ever that the guarantees of a class organization is better than the guarantee on a contract from an organization that has been in shambles for decades."
"I completely agree and i've said it a thousand times to my friends when he left. He would have made more money with Pittsburgh without fear of being cut.

What was the complaint that so many fans had with this team when it came to its aging stars? That they kept them too long. 

Answer me this. Why would the Steelers offer him such a big contract with his injury history if they didn't plan to stick by him? That right there shows a lot of faith. But here we are"
"Well said 

I keep seeing a lot of steeler flairs on r/NFL wanting him back too. I may be in the minority but I don’t want him back. Would it be nice to have a S+ pass catching RB? Absolutely. 

But he really hurt the locker room when he kept saying he was going to report and he never did. It’s not easy to earn that trust back, and we are 4-0 and don’t need that distraction. 

I don’t get why people want him back (or wanted AB back last season). None of it is conducive to our success anymore"
"why do you think the Steelers offer ""rolling guarantees"" in the first place? Lev bet on himself and it didn't exactly work out but he also very easily could have Dakked his ankle on the tag and gotten zilch. This sub loves to talk about the business of football and business decisions except when players make them."
"This was a good breakdown, and that’s not even counting the 14.5 he lost by sitting out:

https://www.cbssports.com/nfl/news/leveon-bell-contract-details-revealed-heres-how-much-jets-new-star-may-have-lost-by-sitting-out-2018/"
"I think something that you might not be factoring in to his decision was his poor relationship with the franchise in respect to the treatment of Ben Roethlisberger. It was widely reported after the purge that both Bell and AB were out spoken about the hypocrisy in how Ben was treated as apposed to the other stars of the team. And I know that it didn't work out great for either of those two since leaving but even Troy Polamalu spoke out about this and said it was the reason he wouldn't come back to the team in any official capacity until Ben was gone. 
I recall seeing that the Steelers had offered him a better deal matching his guaranteed money that the Jets offered and against his agents suggestions he chose the Jets. Now I definitely would have wanted him to stay but he was upset and didn't want to play with Ben anymore (Reportedly). I can understand that. I just don't think that the organization isn't somewhat culpable for the breakup. AB and Bell both left mostly because of their relationship with Ben and his separate rules. Troy in my opinion is the gold standard for Steelers and the Steeler culture, and he said that its not right too. Thats why in the past two seasons Ben has been making a conscious and public effort to be ""a better leader"" and inviting more then just the O-line to his house for fishing trips and getting closer to his recivers and RB's. So I'm just saying not all the blame on Bell for his departure. Most of it, just not all of it

TL;DR
Yeah Bell bet on himself and lost but the Steelers had some culpability in the breakup. Mostly Bell's fault, but partially the Steelers."
That's a shame
"Again, I will always be biased but if I was a player who played for the Steelers, I'm taking a cut to continue doing so, if it comes down to it.

Give me a class, stable, and successful organization over the hypothetical money of a garbage one."
He made poor business decisions and lost a ton of money.  I'm glad he's gone and I don't want him back. The End.
">This is the Steelers. A team that very rarely cuts a player in the middle of a deal (big name players), especially due to injury.

wait, we cut vets all the time, though usually ones in their 30s.

I'm happy Bell got paid, always have been.  His business sense has always been questionable, as he spent most of 2018 getting bad information on whether to stop holding out.  Also, he's not done yet.  He's going to sign somewhere for the minimum in 2020, and I'd be surprised if he doesn't play in 2021 on a new contract.  Also, he spent 2018 not earning money, but also not getting banged up.  RB earning power isn't age as much as the career carry count.

I'm just as happy we didn't sign him.  $45m/3y? $70m/5y?   Where would we have come up with that cap space?  That's like Haden \*and\* Nelson money, or Dupree's tag."
"Hindsight. Obviously in retrospect it looks like a bad decision. But he didn't know he wouldn't get a Gurley-sized contract. He didn't know his best offer would be from the Jets, and playing behind their O-Line would tank his career. He didn't know he wouldn't tear his ACL. He made a bet and lost. I don't really fault him, if anything I fault his agent for not knowing the market better. Or maybe his agent did know and Bell's ego got in the way, who knows.

I guarantee if Bell had the Steelers best offer and the Jets offer in hand, he would have taken the Steelers. But that's obviously not how this works"
Yep.. hes an idiot
"Really well put. Hard to believe he threw such a fit over guaranteed money and this is the result- really short sighted. 

Haven't watching him since he left but his numbers look like garbage. Any idea how much he has left in thr tank?"
"What a homer.


Steelers couldnt cut Shazier cuz of injury. They would have had to come to an injury settlement.


How many of your WR over the years have you guys paid ?"
""
"Bro who lives in Pittsburgh and isn't a Steelers fan? That's just wrong.

As someone that has lived most of my life in Atlanta, visiting Pittsburgh a few times for some games, I can't imagine not living there and rooting for some other team.

Reminds me of the guy who runs the Falcons SBNation blog. He apparently is a lifelong Bostonian. When you ask why the hell did you become a Falcons fan? For the pain and misery? He says he was a kid rooting for the bad Patriots and liked the uniforms lol.

Shame."
[deleted]
"Time to humble yourself young blood. Our OLine made you. Tough to dance around in the backfield when you got a trash OLine

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jb0wn1)"
"If Ben was fine with it, I’d definitely call up Bell. He’s still getting a check from the jets every week, and so I’d offer him a one year deal on the minimum. Only one year, come back and finish this season in Pittsburgh and split carries with Conner. He’d walk again in the spring, but playing with Ben this year is his best chance to look good and regain some value as a FA this spring.

While still getting his guaranteed money from NY, he could play for his old team who’s undefeated and looks to be a super bowl contender. It’d be a short visit, but it could really be his best chance at a ring at this point in his career."
[deleted]
"We have cap space this season, fuck.. he could take a 4 mil deal and can still cut him at a moments notice if he makes a scene.

&#x200B;

Personally if he becomes a cancer, I'd permanently use one of the 2 extra roster spots this season and have him ride the bench.  Not even letting another team swipe him from the practice squad."
Yes lmao pretty much every team would sign Leveon Bell for a league minimum. Even if you aren’t crazy about him that’s an outrageous deal
"I'm not against acquiring talent for league minimum contracts, but the Steelers offensive line is currently tied with the New York Jets in run block win rate (23rd in the league)... this isn't the same offensive line that Bell had in years past with the Steelers."
Love Le'veon but I think that ship has sailed
LeVeon Bell’s record producer just posted “412” on Instagram. Take it for what it’s worth.
"Jets didn't eat a shit ton of money for nothing, I am going to stay away....far far away"
"For those who voted no to league minimum, get real. I wouldn’t really want him getting in the way of developing talent but for the minimum he can get some reps."
yup.
Hell yeah or even more. I still love Leveon and would take him on my team any day
I would but I would have to cut someone from the RB room
Yes. And he wouldn't walk into the team either. He'd be having to prove himself and adapt to the new system first
For the league minimum? Sure. He’d split and take some load off of Conner. I’m sure he’d get some jeers from fans but we’d warm back up to him eventually
"Any team would, if they're getting a Le'Veon Bell that wants to play.  I hope that team isn't the Chiefs."
For the league min?!? Anyone who says no is nuts
Stop it. Get some help
"For min? Yeah.

Would he do it for min? Nope.

Don't get me wrong, I would love to have him back. However, I don't think it happens for a few reasons and the biggest being that he forced his way off his previous team. That's a whole lot shit that this team doesn't need right now. Tomlin said it first a while ago, ""we need volunteers, not hostages"". Directly about Bell. Like, Bell has shown to 2 teams that he isn't going to volunteer and be an all in guy. For us, he had production but no money, for the jets he had the money but no production. We offered him the chance at money and production with the one caveat being ""stay on the field"". He chose to walk away from this team and I don't think I see him eating crow to come back let alone do I see Tomlin taking another hostage."
""
It's funny because the jet's team color is green.
I've seen Gilbert interact a lot with our boys on Instagram. I know damn well he misses it here.
[deleted]
"r/nfl: ""Everyone is trying to get away from the toxicity of Ben and Tomlin and the Steelers, just look at Bell and AB!""

Everyone except Bell and AB:"
Harsh but fair.
He knows all too well
"On the flip side, almost anywhere else he lands will be better than the Jets."
That guy got pancaked more than a sunday church special at i hop. I do not miss him.
[removed]
Stop
Honestly my mind is blown that Bell had seven wins with the Jets. I would have guessed three. Good on him.
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jb1ynp)"
""
"We're getting six seasons and a movie of this show, right?"
This one was 10 times better then the Minkah one. You can tell that these guys are actually really good friends.
"Man I love Bud, seems like a great guy. Going to be sad to see him go but he deserves to get paid."
[deleted]
"So instead of talking about the 4-0 Steelers against the 4-1 Browns, First Take talks about the Myles Garrett incident...Yeahhhh there’s a reason I don’t watch that dumb ass show anymore."
Who
"You just realized this??

Edit: Regarding Max not Mason."
"""Max Kellerman is a dumbass""

In other news, water....wet."
"To be fair, Kellerman has a history of saying stupid stuff and exceptionally bad takes across teams and sports. I'm not at all surprised he would make that point"
"Dude is a Hot Take machine. That's all. If he said something like ""Dak Prescott DESERVES to have his ankle destroyed"" I wouldn't be remotely surprised.

It's the broadcasting equivalent of being an edge-lord. Just saying stuff to get attention.

Don't know if he means what he says or not. Kinda don't care. He's just trying to hustle page views and that's going to be his platform... Hottest of Hot Takes."
"I just listen to sports podcasts now, anything on ESPN is a mistake."
"Is anyone on espn not a dumbass? I stopped watching espn several years ago. There are a million other ways to get your sports fix. Twitter specifically and this sub satisfy my need. The Steeler depot guys and gals do a fantastic job on twitter, best steeler coverage period if you ask me."
First Take LUL
Dumbass doesn't even begin to cover that
Why do you care about what Max Kellerman says?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I was watching a Chase Claypool interview with Pat McAfee, and Claypool says, “Ben is really specific in what he wants from his receivers, and after any play that he didn’t feel right about he goes to his receivers and says, hey you’ve got to release this way, and break out this way.” I feel like Big Ben doesn’t get enough credit in helping to develop the receivers. Thoughts?"
"A lot.

Things like the reporting showing Ben audible-ing (is that a word) multiple TDs for Claypool last weekend are immeasurable."
"He certainly is a nice factor, but there is no way to know for sure. We have no idea what the WR room does 6 days of the week, but whatever it is it works every year"
"I give credit to Ben and Hines Ward.

I feel that Ward set a tone of over achieving by working hard, doing the little things in game and before and having fun playing the game that has persisted through the generations of Steelers receivers."
Definitely quite a bit. You don't see very many other elite QBs turning their WRs into absolute stars
Am I having a stroke or was this posted in the last 24 hours?
I think after watching last season we know the outcome of WR without Big Ben
How many do good after they leave? That’s your answer.
""
Have you seen our run defense? We gave up a 75 yard run and they still rushed for less than 100 yards
You didn't know we had a good defense?  My man where have you been the last 3 years
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[deleted]
"I know we usually save them for prime time games, but maybe they’re thinking about pulling them out for Sunday?"
"Color rush Chase Claypool jersey, I gotta get me one of those."
Browns are screwed lmao
Fuck cleveland
I wonder what will prevail. Your color rush vs our orange pants
Anyone else wish they would wear the block numbers more often also? I loved those Jerseys they reminded me of the steel curtain era I’m really hoping they pull them out soon
""
Fuck Myles
"“Hunt said he bonded with his teammate over their suspensions. Hunt was banned for the first eight games of 2019 after he pushed and kicked a woman in February 2018 and punched a man in June 2018.”

Class acts, right there. Can’t wait to shut ‘em up on the field."
"Meanwhile Cam gave this answer:

- “Honestly, I’m not angry. I look at last year’s tape, both home and away and I see what they did well, what we did well. All that other outside noise, what transpired, doesn’t matter to me.""

Ben gave this answer:

- Roethlisberger on Myles Garrett: ""He's a generational type football player. ... He's a guy you have to know where he is. He's a game changer. He's that good.""

And Tomlin said this:

- ‘We're not looking for that low-hanging fruit or reality-TV storyline'

Yeah. There’s just a little difference in our franchises, wouldn’t you say?"
"This really doesn’t make any sense to me at all. How would this win be dedicated to someone who tried to club a person in the head with their own helmet? Mason won’t even be playing, not to mention Myles came out and said that he’d be willing to have a sit down with Mason.

Edit: spelling"
“ThIs OnEs FoR MyLeS” like he didn’t hit a dude in the head with a fucking helmet..
Dedicate a game to someone who committed an assault then lied about being called a racial epithet to save face. That's so Browns.
Can't wait to watch Vince Williams run him over.
Kareem meet Blitzburgh
"As a lurking Browns fan I agree that is just a terrible, stupid comment to make. What happened happened and I desperately don’t want to see a god damn fight break out. Kareem needs to just shut up and play football."
[deleted]
Fuck Kareem-Woman Kicking Cunt and Myles Smollett. Here We Go Steelers. Let's dish out some justice.
Browns fans are fucking obsessed with a guy who’s not even playing on Sunday.
Classy as ever
"Oh I guess I forgot about Mason Rudolph ripping off Myles Garrett's helmet and slamming it on the top of his head in last year's game and claiming Garrett called him a racial slur and then backpedaling when no proof came out that actually happened.

Wait wasn't it the other way around?"
Oh poor Kareem. I foresee 18 carries for 46 yards and a fumble.
"Fuck Myles, fuck the Browns and fuck you KHunt."
Woman beater wants to win this one for his friend that assaulted a QB and then lied about being called the N word
Why is the kicker talking shit?
"Shocker - Human filth. Hope we take this bum’s head off this week, ya know for the girl he kicked in the face."
"I like how Garrett said he wanted to talk to Rudolph “man to man” about it, after he said Rudolph called him the n word. Mason should tell him to go fuck himself after the game. 

Garret is a liar"
"They better hope that Ben doesn't say ""this one's for Mason""."
Funny how a guy who beat and kicked a 19 year old girl and then tried to play the victim by saying she used a racial slur would support a guy who basically did the same thing. Can we just rename the browns to the Clowns? 🤡🤡
Oh it’s gon’ be like that eh?? **grabs popcorn**
The Cleveland Browns are pathetic.
Good good.
Tf? Like myles was the wronged party in that incident? Lol man they dumb.
My eyes are rolling so hard I feel like a slot machine
[deleted]
""
"Juju and that ""Knee - DNP"". Every week....

TJ Watt showing up with a shoulder injury is concerning."
"Derek being full is good news and the fact that TJ was still only limited, not DNP, is promising"
It's Wednesday.
Eric Ebron: (Hand) lmfao the memes.
"It’s Wednesday, everyone relax"
Really feeling getting fucked from that bye week swap now.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du-TY1GUFGk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=du-TY1GUFGk)
What do these acronyms mean? Is DNP - Do Not Practice?
Think Johnson will play this week?
Any news on decastro
""
"If we're gonna lose one of these games, at least let it be to the Titans. Could not stand losing to either the Browns or Ravens."
Hopefully we can grab at least 2/3 in this stretch
I don’t think hunt can run on us and mayfield struggles under pressure.  Our defense played well against Lamar last year and this time we have an offense that can actually score.  The ravens struggle when they’re playing catch-up.  My biggest concern is the Titans.  Henry’s size is something you can’t scheme against and tannehill could exploit weaknesses in our secondary.
"Out of curiosity are you in a different country? 6 a.m start times, would be kinda crazy."
This stretch scares me but if we can get the division games I’d be ok losing to Tenn. The next run of games plays in our favor.
Sounds like a 7-0 team to me 🤔
Even if we drop two of the three were 5-2 which is a solid place to be halfway through the season.
"Ravens are the biggest threat obviously. 

Titans I'm not that worried about after seeing how they beat the Bills. We've got the defense to shut down the run game and regularly keep pressure on Tannehill who relies heavily on King Henry and getting enough time to make a play happen. So long as we aren't over committing to the rush we'll be able to keep their ground and air game in check. 

Browns don't have the defense to bring our offense in check and with guys like Claypool really starting to come into their own if our offense gets off to a strong start I don't think the Browns have what it takes to make our defense pay and give up the game to them.

Ravens have a solid defense and an effective offense but we've seen the gameplan for how to shut them down. Kill the run, force Jackson into the air, and if at all possible keep them playing from behind because Jackson doesn't manage pressure like that well and overreaches for big plays that aren't there hoping to make up ground faster than they need to. 

We can't play sloppy with nonsense penalties and lazy coverage. Zone has always been a weakness for us and our secondary has been suffering because of the blitz this season. We drop a man back into coverage, keep a spy on Jackson, and actually put an emphasis on our own pass game I think we can take the Ravens. 

After this stretch people will either finally realize yea the Steelers are legit this year or we'll be dismissed outright until it's playoff time. I have a feeling people are gonna be forced to take us more seriously and we'll cement ourselves as a top five team with deep playoff run aspirations. 

Last year at this time we were 0-4 or 1-4. This team is truly explosive and talented on both sides of the ball. Let's knock off that last bit of rust and let everyone see why we like it this fucking hot in the kitchen."
Just curious what your 6 am game day looks like. Any traditions? Do you ever go all in with food and beer and friends? Or is it more like you eating cereal and drinking coffee with the game?
"I could see us winning all 3, but I think the most likely scenario is that we beat the Browns and Titans and then lose in Baltimore (but not by much)."
"So if we win these 3, we’re officially all on the superbowl hype train right? Because I’m beginning to believe"
3 14 pt wins. Baker's dozen sacks. We go off w Henrys head. Im sorry Ms Jackson.
"I think we're lucky in that we match up well into all three. Our defense should be able to contain their run games, and I'm not sure any of those QBs can beat us through the air. Still, all three could go either way"
"Steelers fans: We're gonna win a 7th Super Bowl!!!!
Same fans: We'll be lucky to win a game against a good team!!!"
Yes I am a little worried going into these games. I wish we already played the titans and had a bye before ravens but such is life
"Time to get buried in the comments.

I think out of all of these teams we match up the best against the ravens, as their weapons out wide are pretty meh. We’ve been hurt over the air all year but we’ve been efficient at stopping the run. Once we can make Lamar take off we can snipe him and make him run around. We actually have one of the more athletic young LBs in the game who, if he can’t keep up, can keep Lamar from running roughshot over us if our pass rush can’t get there. I predict our offense will be on schedule with a big play here and there and some good sustained drives. I predict 31-21 Steelers.

The Titans have been having a really unexpected string of success. Derrick Henry had become the father of more than just josh Norman over his career and I can only pray for our DBs. However, I think that besides him simply being unstoppable after he gets going we match up relatively favorably against the titans. Their defense is okay but not great and got thrown all over by Gardner minshew and their receivers. I believe our passing game is altogether superior to Jacksonville’s. I think that the Titans offensive line is very solid, but TJ and Bud along with a very solid push up the middle is hard to keep take in any situation. If Derrick Henry gets rolling it’ll be a long night but if not I think we can easily outscore them. 35-28 Steelers.

And the browns. It pains me to say this but the browns have a really good matchup against us here. It’ll be hard for us to get claypool the ball deep with Myles “assault with a deadly helmet” Garrett rushing the passer and our short-intermediate game is good but not great. Our defense would be facing the most balanced offense we’ve gone against yet, though baker is still very up and down even with elite weapons. It’s hard to say here but the browns might be the team that gets the better of us here. My prediction is 17-21 browns."
The Browns being a threat is further proof that 2020 is the year the hell portal opened.
"Loss Win Win

Potential 3 wins here"
I'm cool with 2/3 wins if its the Browns and Ravens
"lmao, I was seeing the exact same thing today and had the same reaction. I was like, ""holy shit. cancelling that game wasn't so bad after all"" then realize we'll play against Titans 2 weeks from now, then Ravens after that."
"Agree 100%. According to pro-football-reference.com's formula, the Steelers have had the easiest strength of schedule in the entire NFL for the first four games of the season."
"I think we can go 6-0, but I doubt we beat the Ravens on the road."
"Mostly afraid of the titans here honestly. Browns and Ravens will probably be split 1-1. Just kidding, 16-0"
"Tomlin teams always have a stretch of losses, '16 '18 and '19 we all lost 3 in a row. Hopefully we can make it through this stretch with at least 1 win and stay healthy."
The gauntlet begins
"one game at a time, fellas and gals.

brownies week."
Coming out of this stretch 5-2 wouldn't be a bad thing.
I don't get it. I see 3 easy wins
Win against the browns if we don't play down. The other 2 will be close but we can win
"I’m cautiously optimistic with the upcoming stretch. Yes we’ve beaten all bad teams with losing records. However for years we have played down to losing teams. We lost games to bad teams that we should have won. And in those years we played the good teams tough. So perhaps this year is the year we’ve turned things around with playing down to losing teams and we end up beating the teams with good records as well. So, cautiously optimistic."
"As Gene Krantz/Ed Harris responded in *Apollo 13* (channeling his inner Tomlin) when someone said it could the worst disaster NASA ever experienced:

>With all due respect, sir, I believe this is gonna be our finest hour."
Don't blink!
Mayfield seems like a nice kid and I'd like to see the Browns become competitive. But I don't see them winning in Pittsburgh. The D is going to be on Baker like stink on stinkbugs.
So this aged well
I hope the players are not like the fan base which has completely given up on us standing a chance against the Ravens. I hope the players leave the Titans to fate but start working on dismantling the birds. Showing up strong mid season has got to be a priority for coach T and the squad. I know Ben wants it more than anyone because of the pressure that would be lifted off his shoulders. This is not the time to flinch. Fuck the ravens 🦃
Fuck cleveland
"I’m excited to see us play this stretch. Either we will play well and I can have legitimate Super Bowl aspirations or we’ll play poorly, still be 4-3, and know where we stand and what we need to fix...and still have legitimate playoff aspirations."
I don't care if they're 4-1. We're still gonna beat the Browns.
Watching from Hawaii??
I see no problem with the next few games. We haven’t been playing down like usual. We got this. Have faith.
Not looking forward to that 6am game
"Never thought our first test of strength would be against the browns, Texans had a good offense last year too, the good news is almost each one of our games we had the ball back often in scoring territory when we took a knee to end the game"
*jazz music stops*
Please tell me OP's geological location is the reason those games are scheduled for 6am?!
"This is going to be a tough 3-week period.    

I'm ... nervous.    I think we either go *off* and beat the shit out of all three,   or we go 1/3 and manage to beat the Browns via some sort of ""Baker blocks his own pass for a safety""  fuckuppery and trudge on from there."
eh. 5-2 wouldn't be the worst. I think we'll end up 6-1
3-0
I kinda think it was a blessing to not have to play Titans b/c I don’t think we would’ve played our best game against them. Yeah they were 3-0 but no one really took them seriously until this week when they beat the bills pretty convincingly.
"Tough upcoming schedule?

""We don't care."""
Man I'm glad I'm in the US. Those kickoff times are brutal haha
"Idc what anybody says, we're beating all of them and the league will soon understand just how much of a championship contender we are."
As a Steelers fan in cleveland I really hope we win to shut them tf up.
[deleted]
"You're wishing death upon people because they support a football team from a different city? 

Take a break from the internet for a while."
Huh?
""
Ha
"Should get him aviators and make him only say tomlinisms.

Slow down those reps and ill cut your eyelids off.

We dont deal in cardio and things of that nature.

The standard is the standard."
If you lose just buy a Haden to troll him a small bit $40 on NFLShop for an authentic
"Way I read this, whoever wins wears a Steeler jersey. Everyone wins

Except Cleveland

Edit: OP didn’t explicitly stipulate that he’d have to wear a Browns jersey"
He should have to wear a Mason Rudolph jersey.
""
"""oh yeah"""
Damn TJ had me convinced for a sec too. It’s those crazy Watt eyes man.
TJ showing off those acting chops he picked up from hosting Extreme Tag.
Theres always a little truth behind every joke. I'm sure the Watt bros are tired of hearing about the other Watt bros.
What's this from?
[removed]
"This is what? Like the fifth post about this? 

He's not getting thrown to at all. It's not his fault if QBs don't throw his direction. Yes he needs to improve some things but he's fine."
Mods can we start automatically banning posts like this?
"He's playing well, just defenses are not targeting at all. 

When the defense gives up plays, its usually a lack of communication from the rest of the DBs. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcYz2EzjG1Y&t=359s"
"Watch Arthur Moats on YouTube about this. He talks about how the Steelers are playing more man, and the lack of a preseason seems to be causing Fitz to stay in his lane more. He's not gambling as much, so not jumping routes as much. It'll come with reps. 

Also, QBs are not targeting him, so there's that."
"Please read through the Subreddit before making a post. This exact same post has been made about 5 times in the last week. 

Minkah is playing fine, he's rarely being thrown to."
""
Lev's like that hot girlfriend that you broke up with and can't resist the idea of getting back together with even though you know she is a nightmare.
"He takes the vet minimum, I’m game...our backs currently are terrible receivers...adding him as a check down option is unstoppable"
This ship has sailed a long time ago. I don't see it happening
Early reports are showing he’s choosing KC
"I have nothing but respect for him. He did amazing as a Steeler and left with with little drama. All he wanted was more money, which is fair since the NFL is a business. If we could get him back id be all for it.

That being said... it's just not possible unless he's willing to take a far smaller salary than he'd want. We don't have the cap space, especially with the cap potentially getting smaller next season. Who knows what will happen, but right now it just isn't possible sadly."
"AB is a free agent too, why not reunite the band!"
I miss the Killer B's
Those days r over
He did his teammates dirty. No way Steelers ownership brings him back. I don’t care of it’s for a vet minimum contract.
Man had jukes for days
"Is he going to play on a vet minimum contract and try and win a super bowl? Sure.  If its anything else as much as i love to watch healthy Bell run, i'm more than good with Connor taking the handoffs."
"Damaged goods, while the Steeler line would open more holes for him than the Jets line ever could, he's 3 years out from playing in a Steeler's uniform and being the player he was. If they signed him, it would have to be for a low salary with incentives. He would be a good sign for many teams that have a line and a QB of any value but I don't want to see him back, not the way he left. Maybe go to Tampa and catch some short passes and run third down for Tom Brady, should do well there."
That O-Line made him
"I want him back. Obviously, not at an absurd price, but I'm not sure he will command that. The Jets are an atrocious organization from top to bottom. It's not surprising he wasn't happy there and didn't excel. 

The team we are looking at today won't be the same next year. Snell needs another year or two to learn how to carry the ball and Conner is another few carries away from injury. Bell will help this team win, be a receiving threat out of the backfield, and **hold on to the ball**. If the price is right, bring him back."
No please no. I like Benny better and Connor is number one stop looking thru the rose tinted glasses. Id rather W's not emotional combacks. Besides guys in the locker room most likely dont want him. We have NO PROBLEM on offense why the hell would we want to bring in a potential PROBLEM??
If the team accepts him I have no issues with him. Still got tread on the tires
"1)What position would you guys like to see us take in this years upcoming draft(I know, I know, it’s really early, but I still think it needs to be addressed). Personally I would like to see the Steelers take a QB, Big Ben is playing great but realistically he only has two more years until he retires. Let me know what you think.

2) Personally, I think Mike Tomlin has been a great coach so far for the Steelers. He’s been here for 13 years now (hard to believe) and hasn’t had one season below .500. The main blemish I’d say he has was when he stepped in front of Jacoby Jones:Classic. You can’t really blame him for what happened with le’veon Bell and AB, they were just jackasses, and the Super Bowl loss to Green Bay in 2011 was still a very tight and contested game. Overall, I’d give Tomlin a solid B+ coaching grade, what would you guys give him?"
"Pick #32

A"
Depends on Ben's playing. If he keeps playing like he is and we don't draft to help the team win now it's just going to be a waste. I'd say we need to draft an elite offensive lineman. Villanueva has really been a weak link lately.
"1) Offensive Line. Villaneuva is a pending FA but will probably retire, DeCastro indicated he is retiring within a couple of years, Feiler is a pending FA we can't afford, and Pouncey said he will retire with #7.

Outside of them, we have Dotson (a future starting OG), Hassenauer (a backup C), Wisniewski (a backup/stopgap iOL), Okorafor, and probably Banner.

We may also need replacements for any of the several major FAs we probably cannot resign: Williams, Hilton, Conner, and potentially Juju. As long as Ben is under contract, a high-round QB is a luxury. Until then, Pittsburgh **needs** to protect him with a good OLine and a solid run game.

2) Tomlin is a future HoF coach. Him, Harbaugh, Belichick, Carroll, and Reid all are. Most coaches would dream of 8-8 seasons as rock bottom. He's been elite in the face of adversity yet still has minor blemishes, as all the previously mentioned coaches do. If anything, the major factor standing between Tomlin and multiple Super Bowl wins over his career has been the New England monolith (and sometimes Baltimore). With few exceptions, no head coach has seriously been in contention for multiple Lombardis outside of Belichick.

Tomlin gets a solid A from me."
u/sexmayonnaise will give him an F for wearing a white shirt when the team is wearing black jerseys
"OL or DL

A-"
"Time to rebuild the OLine...our next QB ain’t coming from the draft, at least not for a few years..."
"Hard to say because I'm not too familiar with the class, but just looking at the team and free agents I would love to get a LT. Seems like the clearest need to me at this point, especially with AV and Feiler likely out the door.

I'd give Tomlin an A-. Results are results, even if some of his game management leaves something to be desired. CEO-style head coaches are hard to judge their impact, but he's clearly doing something right."
"1. Probably draft a DB, OT, EDGE, WR, and maybe a DL for depth

2. A. Second highest winning percentage of active coaches. He’s really good."
"Oline. We have to get the best talent available that will help us win now, and set us up for post Ben life. 

As for tomlin. Solid a."
"1a) CB.  Our depth isn't great and our starters aren't young.  Hilton is strictly slot and possibly heading off to get paid.  Sutton seems positionless more than a solution for CB.  Layne is still raw.  I'm worried we're going to see some decline from a starter by the end of the season, or at least warning signs.

1b) OL.  Depends on who's still out there when we draft, but I think CB is more likely.  Feels a little less urgent than CB with Banner, Chuks, and Dotson stepping up, and I think we'll be drafting too late to get a top prospect with no major questions.

2021 WR seems top heavy.  They'll be gone early in round 1, and we may as well wait until day 2 like usual.

If we win a SB I think Ben retires, and we'll have to trade for a QB instead of trying to find something at #32.  Maybe Dalton or Mariota can bridge us to a 2022 rookie.  Otherwise, it's another year of Ben and that contract extension.

&#x200B;

2) A.  If Belichick wasn't running around ruining everything by padding his stats, I think Tomlin would have a case for best coach in the league.  I think 2019 and our adversity answered a lot of questions.  KC kryptonite aside, I think taking the 2019 Ravens to OT with a combination of Mason Rudolph and Devlin Hodges at the helm is the most incredible loss I've watched."
"At a late first round pick, you probably aren't picking up a QB that is a guaranteed hit and sure fire successor to Ben.  Besides, look at our WR corp.  We don't NEED a sure-fire Big Ben replacement etc.  We could easily pull in a quality game managing vet and we'll be fine.  Someone that makes the throws that need thrown, and doesn't turn the ball over.  

And really, if you look at the numbers right now, that is what Ben is doing.  He isn't passing 50 to 60 passes a game right now.  He isn't putting up 500 yard games, or even 300 yard games.  But he is making the throws that need thrown, and not turning the ball over.  It's all we need until we can find or develop a QB in the draft we can be confident will be our next franchise QB.

Remember, we didn't have a true franchise QB between Bradshaw and Ben, but we were still relevant many of those years, even with Neil O'Donnell, Kordell Stewart, and  Tommy Maddox, because we didn't go after a QB and waste picks on a lot of busts.  We got the best team we could get, and we didn't reach.

As for what position I would like to see, it is clearly the OL.  We are getting older up front, and Pauncey is probably going to go when Ben does.  Al seems to be deteriorating with age.  Dotson seems like he will be a starter in the future, but we really need to make sure we have Ben covered his last years and to set up whichever QB we have in the future.

It won't do us any good to have a great QB if our line is a sieve.  If you need evidence, just look at Cincy with Burrow getting pummeled this weekend, and with Daniel Jones and other young QBs with shitty OLs not being able to develop.  You can't learn the game getting knocked on your ass nearly ever pass attempt."
OL and RB I say we draft
"1 - OL
2 - A-"
"Probably whoever fell low enough in the draft that we determine should have been picked sooner. With what I will assume to be a later pick, best available is the most likely option.

With that being said, for some incredibly stupid reason if Kyle Trask slips down far enough, I hope with every ounce of my being we snag him up."
"I don’t see a giant hole for next year unless it’s left tackle.  For now I’m assuming it’s okorafor and banner.  Dotson looks like a starter so the oline is set for the starters but all of our depth appears to be gone.  

Filling out depth with picks seems the way to go next year and we will definitely need it with our expected free agency losses."
"First round, OL or DL. Going to lose a bunch of players. Need to solidify the foundations.

Tomlin's grade: C. His SB appearances were a decade ago. No one has done less with more over the past 10 seasons. Too many embarrassing losses to comment on."
"We will draft either a QB, ILB, OL, or Safety depending on who’s available"
"OLine or OLB in first, RB in second 

A-.... I'm still disappointed that they didn't accomplish more with the Stinging Bees but the only other coaches in the league i would be comfortable replacing him with would be Belichick, Reid, Shanahan or Zimmer"
""
"I usually try to temper expectations on rookies, but there's something about Claypool that feels special. Can't wait to see how the rest of his season goes"
""
"Not much in the way of player mics. Basically just Vance going ""wooo"" a couple times..."
"He seems to be doing really well this year. 

Our O line was decent against an elite D line last week. 

Who will be blocking Myles?

What are your thoughts?"
"If we could sub mason in for a drive to try and get him ejected for the year again, that would be great. Their depth is pretty weak at that position and one mason-led drive won’t kill anyone as long as his forehead is still made of titanium."
"They move him around a little bit, but he lines up mostly on the defense's left side, so he'll be going at Chuks at RT the majority of the time. I'm sure AV will see some of him too, and even some of the guys on the interior.

He's been on an absolute rampage all year, so I would assume they'll give Chuks some help, either with a TE chipping or keeping a back in to help. With that said, the Steelers have been using a ton of quick passing game and I'd bet you'd see more of it."
"He'll definitely give us problems. He's waaay too good for us to completely shut down. But if the o line plays well enough to try to limit his impact, Ben is good at releasing the ball quickly and that Cleveland secondary is meh."
Ben is getting the ball out faster than anyone else in the league this season. The Browns secondary is trash. I wouldn't expect a ton of problems from that asshole.
Mason is gonna sew his helmet strap so theres no chance of it coming off.
Myles can’t cover Chase.
As much as I hate him he’s very good and will definitely cause some problems throughout the game. Hopefully our defense just causes way more problems.
Villanueva will be trying to block him.  Hopefully they’ll also chip with a tight end or back.   Garrett is probably our biggest worry on Sunday
"Just pray for AV all week lol. He’s been struggling against Myles ever since he’s been in the league. I’ve seen him get blown back into Ben within 3 seconds repeatedly 😩. But the helmet game they actually did an okay job stopping him, so we’ll see. Ben has to continue his quick passes from last week."
"I'm expecting a lot of shotgun snaps with the RB aligned to the side that Garrett is on.  Nevermind having McDonald helping to block the edge.

I expect we'll be using a lot of short checkdowns to TEs and RBs to try and mitigate the damage.

Ben's going to have to be real careful with the football.  Can't be having fumble issues."
"I haven't had the opportunity to watch him a ton but I really don't think he's going to be wreaking havoc all game, especially with the offensive evolution we are seeing (a pretty shocking evolution to boot)"
Not unless he’s got a helmet in his hand.
""
"Yea, I saw that and thought “uuummm, we’ve had 3 in 51 years....so....all of them?”"
""
"Cowher had a line that gave me goosebumps. After BoB was fired he said, ""I really hope that Bill now realizes there's a lot more to running a team than just wins and losses."""
I was only a small kid so I don't remember Cowher at coach so I've known only Tomlin my whole life which means I'm biased towards him over Cowher. But Noll is still the best
"Noll, Tomlin, Cowher"
"I was just thinking about this, but has any team had three HOF coaches in a row?  I mean, at this point, I feel like Tomlin will get into Canton.  Maybe not first ballot or whatever, but he's damn good."
"this question presents a problem few if any fans can truly grapple like steelers fans. This is more a generational question. Being that we've had from 1969 until present day 3 coaches. So most fans I would assume know at most two, few three. Pair that with the play style and progression of the sport from '69 to now and it makes it even more biased by generation. This is either a great question or one that will make me review stats and archives for the next while until I will conclude All of them are the best for their timeline."
"As much as I love Tomlin he really has no argument over Cowher. 6 conference championship appearances to 3 for Tomlin and he did that with journeymen QBs like O'Donnell and Slash for most of his career, the first 2 years he had a franchise QB he went 15-1 and won a superbowl"
My incredibly biased and not fact based choice is Cowher.  I just missed the Noll Era and became a big fan while Cowher was at the helm.
It’s hard to sort them out and rank them..there have been so many coaches through the years. No stability.
""
Must be a very competitive league. You start all from one team and your opponent starts two RB on IR.
Does your opponent not check fantasy? Starting Ekeler and Barkley lol.
[deleted]
Smh
This should be embarrassing for you.....
No.
Did you hit your head on something?  Are you ok?  Is this a cry for help of some kind?
"Mods, if you can, please change this person's tag to ""Tomlinsimp""."
I only simp for tj watt
Blink twice if Tomlin is holding you hostage and forced you to write this.
[deleted]
Anybody that doesn’t like Tomlin probably likes Trump. That speaks upon their lack of intelligence. It is what it is.
[deleted]
The boomers in this sub trying to act young
Wtf is this?
How can I unseen this
""
These two have the most amazing relationship. And they fucking can play!!
Interesting thing I learned: Ben asked TJ to do the coin toss so he could be there with JJ.
These two really have some great chemistry together! I loved this!
Hopefully this signals their intention to keep the duo together. I have to think he wants to stay and might be willing to work with us.
""
Probably the most trash Steelers WR ever.
"I feel bad for Donte. He went out there and tried to play through broken fingers, and he got burned on that gamble."
Ole brick hands...?
Props to OP on the title. I nearly spit out my coffee.
Didn't get make like 1 million per catch with us? or 1 mil per target?
Wait where all the folks that want him to come back to us at /s
"John Stallworth just tweeted, ""legend???"""
If he wasn’t a top 4 or 5 WR on the Jets I don’t know where he could be. At least he fleeced us out of a few million last year. He should be set.
Best looking eyes of any Steelers receiver
-My five year old son
What’s the difference between Baltimore Raisins and Baltimore Ravens?
You lost me at Baltimore
I will never call them Ravens again. Baltimore Raisins forever!!
Lol 😂 at raisins
California Raisins? Yummy. Baltimore Raisins? Yikes. Probably taste like Old Bay and heroin withdrawal.
[deleted]
[deleted]
No it’s not
"He’s already getting paid by the Jets so bring him in on a cheap deal for the rest of the year so he can build his value back up to get a bigger contract next year from somewhere else.

If he becomes a locker room problem (doubt it), cut him.

If he performs shittier than Samuels, cut him.

At the very worst case he’s still a better pass catcher than any of our other RBs and could be used as such. No downside to bringing him in IMO"
"I wish he had stayed. He had a special career trajectory ahead of him, and from that perspective he threw it away. A part of me would love to see him suit up for the Steelers again. Having said that, I absolutely guarantee that we're one of the two teams he has zero chance of signing with."
Honestly the fact is that Bell is really good friends with Connor still makes me think that why would he want to come to the Steelers and take connor’s job in his contract year. Kinda fucked up.
"No it’s not time for him to come home, the dude was injured half the time, we don’t have the same O Line that can clear the way for him again. And the dude is a me first guy all the way."
No we are good
"I think there's a potential for a lot of reward with a small risk. If he could integrate back into the team without drama, he wouldn't cost a lot and definitely adds depth. 

With that said...I'm currently happy that my Kendrell Bell jersey isn't confused as much now that Le'Veon isn't on the team."
"Frank Gore, who is essentially 97 RB years old, debatably was better running behind the same Jets offensive line. Bell is just washed up.  Right now we have 3 running backs where the offensive line doesn’t have to change much if anything to block for any of them. Bell doesn’t know the offense, and he’s been hurt a lot. No need to sign him."
No
"Yes. What a wonderful idea. Let's sign a running back who hasn't accomplished anything in the past few years, had a drawn out contract dispute with us, bad-mouthed our starting qb, has a high cap hit, and did I mention he's been hot garbage since leaving the Steelers?

Besides, it's not like we already have 3, possibly 4 serviceable backs already on our roster.

This is like saying that your ex girlfriend who cheated on you, went on to catch a bunch of STDs and crippling debt would be useful to you again and that you'd take her back just because she's available.

Can we stop with these posts now? This is like the 10th ""let's sign Lev'eon"" post in the past 12 hours."
"We want playmakers, not has-beens.

I hold a monster grudge against him and what he did. I don't want his ass in a Steelers uniform ever again. Mistakes were made by both sides back when a new contract was on the table. But the team moved on. He can do the same, there's 30 other doors to knock on."
Just wanted some thoughts and opinions of how other Steelers fans would feel if Le’Veon were to come back to Pittsburgh. Also how do you think the team would react?
">I couldn't fully grasp why he did what he did

Because he thought that if he were on the open market and free to take contract offers from any team, someone would offer him more money than what the Steelers were offering

>It's time Le'Veon Bell comes home

He's from Ohio so I'd rather he didn't go to one of those teams."
Just kidding. Fuck the Browns.
God I wish we were playing in Cleveland so Ben can regain his record.....lol
You got me in the first half im not gon lie
Fuck the browns
I would like to add FUCK THE BROWNS and FUCK SCOBEE!
"When I have to do #2 I always say, “The Cleveland Browns are going to the Super Bowl.”"
"Fuck the Browns, fuck Miles Garrett, and fuck Kareem Hunt for backing Miles"
"This is going to be a good game Sunday! I’m surprised they didn’t move it to prime time, this is going to be the game of the week."
The BRAHNS are goin' DAHN!!!!
Anybody else happy the Browns are winning games? It just wasn't satisfying beating a 0-10 team.
"If you're in heinz field for the game, please start a LYLES GARRETT chant. LY-LES GAR-RETT!

PLEASE."
"For shits and giggles I decided to go check out their sub.  I hope they don't start charging us rent, cause we are in their heads rent free at the moment."
"Got me. Even though I know Browns fans can’t spell “peace” even if you spot them the p, e, and a."
I was in Ohio last week and saw someone repping a Browns Hoyer jersey.  Such a depressing franchise when that is about your best jersey option.
Never have i been so offended by a single sentence.
"Fuck the Browns and things of that nature.  


Also, Myles Garrett gave me another reason to be glad my ex from Ohio and I are broken up.  Can't imagine having a calm conversation with her Browns-loving dad regarding what a shithead Garrett is."
Flush twice! Cleveland needs the water!
"Hey come on man, I love [browns](https://www.thehealthsite.com/photo-gallery/fitness-brown-coloured-foods-to-eat-for-healthy-heart-strong-immunity-and-low-cholesterol-bs915-327819/)"
"I like that saying ""Fuck the Browns"" doesn't feel like we are kicking someone when their down anymore."
"Haha came here to tell you to fuck yourself. Great joke, srsly fuck yourself!"
I haven't cared about a Browns game in a long time.  Usually when we beat them all you get to hear is that knowing sigh from a Cleveland fan that expected nothing else.  But this year is different.  This year we can hear the sweet sound of shattering hopes and dreams.
I knew it was gonna be this and I still laughed lmao fuck the browns
"This deserves my wholesome reward. 

Nicely done."
">>Just kidding. Fuck the Browns.

I take back my downvote."
Fuck Myles
"I love how optimistic browns fans are. They really think this is their year. They've lost the last 16 games in Pittsburgh, but oh yeah they're totally gonna win. Idiots"
go long little brother
LMAO!!
Well played
Fuck em
"Brown sus, get him out!"
Em Brahns is Jaggs
I'll admit. Ya got me.
"Steelers will make it a game. Playing the chiefs or the jets, doesn't matter, it'll be stressful till the end. Can the steelers just blow someone out for once and let us fans have a nice relaxing game."
"Please, please, can we blow them away? Just this once (and 1 more time later this season). That's all I ask and then we can go back to making it difficult on ourselves."
lol OMG!
"oh thank god.

the ""___ fan coming in peace"" may be the worst part of this site  and thats saying A LOT"
Have the browns fans ever not come in peace? Or are they gonna play to win this week? Haha
No fucking peace !!!!
Sigh *unzips*
Someone give this man a raise!
Going to have to find a link.  Not show here this weekend. My YouTube tv doesn’t like spoofed VPN connections.
Lmao
 Don’t kid like that 😂
I see you all are pulling material from the r/ravens sub.  Cute!
[removed]
Probably cause they’re not throwing near him like they did last year
"Possibly?  


Looking at the stats he's on pace for the same number of tackles (13 YTD, 50 in 2019). Obviously no INTs this year.  


But it also looks like offenses are avoiding him. Through 4 games, opponents have only thrown in this direction 4 times."
"Teams are trying their best to avoid him in the passing, which means that when he's being targeted its because he (or someone around him) has already made a mistake. It makes it seem like the proportion of mistakes in coverage is higher. That said, I saw something on twitter saying that when you chart his coverage work he's still doing a rock solid job in center field.

The regression that I have seem to date has been his tackling - he's not sticking the way he used to. Hopefully Bradley and Austin can get him back in gear."
Hard to get Into when the QB doesn't throw the ball within 15 yards of you.
"I’ve been very vocal with my criticism of Minkah this year, but here is one thing I will say about him. 

He’s known as probably the smartest person on the defense and meticulously watches film and takes notes, even on his own time. 

Even though he is not making the same stat-lines as he did last year, his knowledge and football IQ alone is high enough that he might be helping the other guys be in positions to make plays. 

I imagine no one is more critical of Minkah than the man himself. I promise a big play is coming."
How so?
[Let Moats shed some light on the matter.](https://youtu.be/Mr42FqcnMZE)
they’re throwing to whichever receiver he’s not covering
""
"At the risk of downvotes, I always find it funny how there is a 'keep politics out of sports!' crowd that seemingly is also the 'wearing military inspired sports gear' crowd. I'm all for supporting the troops and our veterans but its a bit disingenuous to say the military isn't political."
I love the look of the gear but I still have no freaking clue what American sports has to do with their military.
I like the breast cancer gear
Love it all! Except the price...
I don’t mind it but maybe they should make some in honor of teachers and nurses also
"I see a couple items... everything else, well, it just seems to blend in..."
"I always like it but I own nothing to be honest.

The jerseys are the sweetest but too expensive for my liking."
Not a fan myself but anyone in Steelers gear in any form is a friend of mine!
I've never been a fan of the camo print gear. It reminds of the mossy oak stuff I see people wear. The spice brown and black gear is nice though.
"I thought the tie dye Pride gear from last week was pretty cool too.

Edit: went online to look for it, found out it was for Crucial Catch. Still cool though."
"You're not a badass because you wear camo, Cletus.  You look like a dipshit."
I always have my parents get me the StS hoodie for Christmas every year. I really love the look of this year’s.
Nice collection
I’ve been looking everywhere for that black bomber in a large but it’s all more expensive than it was before they moved to the next year
Are the hats actually correct.  Everytime I get a sports cap either the button on top is off center or the bill was off center.
"I've never been a fan of the aesthetic, but I respect the hell out of it"
wow! i need all this stuff!
Stolen valor
[deleted]
""
"Possibly the most underrated player on our defense tbh, seems like every time he checks in to a game he makes a play. Not easy to make a splash as a depth d-lineman."
"My buddy is a huge Steelers fan, whenever he makes a play we say his name to the tune of the System of A Down song I-E-A-I-A-I-O"
"Love this post, this man is a monster on the inside"
""
I'd be surprised if it's not Miami.  It's all about the income tax savings.
Chiefs would be brutal for us in our quest for #7.
"It will be the Chiefs. Best chance of winning. He got his money, now he wants to win. 

Bell on an Andy Reid team will be interesting."
This is some “the decision” bullshit
Oh no!  /s
I don’t think we need any additional posts on the sub convicing everybody why we need him :)
Bell in KC probably makes the most sense from a winning perspective. He would obviously see less carries though with CEH there
Not sure why there is any talk of a Steelers reunion...they don’t need a running back.
"Just for fun, my money is on Miami"
Bell is about to make a fortune this year.
"Let me be sure about this, so the Jets will still be paying him plus he gets another large salary from a new team? Is this correct?"
"I'd like to see what he can do with the any of those teams, but I feel he'll end up on either Miami or KC."
Seems like he's going for that revenge tour special with the Bills and Dolphins.
Sad boi hours
""
Amazing work I love the style
"I love it! I was hoping you were drawing all Steelers players every week so I could find my fave 😂, but I get it, gotta spread the love around."
Your work is incredible!
Amazing!
This is sick.  Nice art friend.
He went off
I wish I could draw like that
Ayeee thanks for the new wallpaper!
Hey man that's an awesome style. You're seriously talented. Thank you for sharing your work with us!
This looks great!
"Just went through your post history and checked the rest out. They’re all fire. Good shit man keep it up. 

Hopefully you’ll be making a few more Steelers by the end of the season."
"Your style is very very similar to mine! I need to get back into drawing, we’ve got so many guys I’d love to draw"
Nice!
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
You don't get respect for beating the Browns.  It's the bare minimum of acceptability.
Did Lebron really say this?
"You and I and everyone else here knows that won't happen, it's gonna be a one-possession game in the fourth quarter like the Steelers love to do. My father says it's to keep the value of fourth-quarter advertising spots high (and if I'm a sixer deep sometimes I agree)."
"> Big Ben after he puts up 5 TD’s and blows out the Browns this weekend

Let's not get ahead of ourselves here.  The Brownies don't suck this year so this game ain't a given."
I hope everyone sets their phone dialed to 911 once kickoff happens so all you have to do is click call for any major heart pains or pending seizures. Stay safe Sunday my fellow Steeler Nation!!
Might throw 5 TDs but the defense allowed 6.
""
"When these things say the Steelers will do well: good, useable intel from a premiere football simulation. When these things say the Steelers will do poorly: Madden sucks just a video game don’t put any stock in it"
Fuck madden
"To preface this, this is so trivial and not important at all, but I need some Yinzer opinions. I got a white (road) Antonio Brown Steelers jersey for Christmas in 2018, which means the only game he was on the Steelers while I owned the jersey was Week 17 against the Bengals where he didn’t play, wore a big fur coat on the sideline, and left at halftime. We all know what happened after that. I still have it, along with a black (block number) throwback Roethlisberger and a color rush JuJu jersey, so I do have other options. 

But I don’t know how I should feel about my AB jersey. He, rightfully so, left a bad taste in the mouths of all Steelers fans with how he handled leaving and the comments he made after. I guess my question is: Should I feel okay wearing it? I feel dumb for owning his jersey, and my roommates who are Cowboys and Texans fans definitely give me a hard time for it (all in good fun). 

But on the other hand, he was undoubtedly a top 5 Steelers receiver of my lifetime (I’m 21) and I had so much fun watching him play for the 9 years he was on the team. I don’t feel like wearing a James Harrison jersey would have the same kind of stigma associated with it, and he did not leave on good terms at all either. What are your thoughts? Is it okay, as a Steelers fan to wear an AB jersey?

tl;dr:  I own a AB jersey but never wear it, should I feel more comfortable sporting it on Sundays?

edit: split up block of text"
"The Steelers patch on the chest is more important than the name on the back.  They are not cheap.  Wear the one you have, buy a new one when you want to."
"Antonio Brown was one of the best at his position to play for the Steelers. Unless he's credibly accused of a felony, you can wear that jersey in remembrance of what he did when he was here.

Players come and go. That's how it is."
"I got mine the exact same Christmas! I thought I had cursed AB but now I think it must’ve been you.

In all seriousness though, you may get some remarks from people for wearing it but all that matters really is how you feel about it. I haven’t worn mine but I feel like in 10 years, when we have 3-4 more super bowls, it will be fun to wear. My guess is in the future the sentiment of the jersey will be: “man you remember how crazy that dude was? Wonder if he ever got help. But man he was a heck of a player, could’ve rivaled the greatest ever had he maintained his sanity.”

Edit: I’m to in"
"Personally, I wouldn't but I wouldn't exactly admonish or insult someone who decides to. It's up to you, ultimately."
"As long as he doesn't suit up for another team again, we can just consider what happened as him retiring from the game. You're good bruh. Noone is gonna fight you over an AB jersey. Personally, that'd be my slop jersey. The one I'm not afraid to wear when i go eat chili n shit like that."
"Wear it with pride!  I got mine for Xmas as well the same year so never got to wear it with him on the field.  As others will say, the Steelers patch is most important.  He was once beloved and I still have an uneasy feeling not seeing him there.  He was my favorite player and still is tbh no matter how unpopular that idea may be.  I still wear mine alongside my Minkah jersey I got for Xmas last year.

Edit:  I also bought a cheap block number Lev jersey last year when he was long gone and wear that too.  Its all about the logo!"
"I bought a new nameplate for mine. Let me see if I can find the site.

Edit:

http://www.thenamechanger.com/"
"I was lucky enough to escape purchasing one when my sports store failed to inter-store the jersey. A few weeks later, the unraveling started and I dodged a big bullet."
It will be fine in a few years after his memory fades
"I wouldn't if I were you, but you can keep it and get a new name plate for whomever has the number next.  

That being said, I have learned my lesson in buying current player jerseys.  Unless you know they are at the end of their career and retiring with the Steelers, no one is safe.  You can't go wrong with getting the jersey of a retired Steeler."
Toilet paper
"If you do wear it, make it fun. After AB went to the Pats, I got another jersey, and while I was waiting for it to ship (got delayed and I live on the other side of the country) I wore it, but made a few changes to it. I got blue tape and covered up the ""B"" in brown and wrote a ""C"" on the tape, also sporting a rainbow afro from the past halloween and white make-up. (If you don't get it, it wrote Clown and I dressed up as one, calling attention to the fact that AB is a clown) I have a friend who also was waiting for their jersey to ship, so he covered up the ""b"" with tape and wrote a T over it, and above the name (it was a large jersey on him, we thought hed grow into it but he never got the chance) wrote ""out of"" so it said ""out of town"". After I got my juju jersey and my Watt jersey, I cut up the brown one into a bunch of tiny pieces (still saving the Steelers logo and stripes tho) and burned those pieces in my backyard with a lighter. The memory still makes me still to this day..."
"I have a Mike Mitchell jersey, so... yeah, just wear it if you like it, fuck the haters!"
Wear it for the fucking memes bro
"Some guy posted a Randy Grossman conversion with a name plate update.  Do that or store it for way later.  It's too soon for right now.  He's got sexual assault and being a douche bag allegations/lawsuits still outstanding against him.  I'd be ashamed to rep a trash human being in public, but that's just me."
"Save it for a rainy day. I have a good friend that didn't like football when we met. He slowly started watching Steelers games with me and became a fan. I had a Bell jersey and gave it to him during the 2019 season, so he'd have something to wear to watch the game. It motivated him to order his own jersey (he chose Watt, I find no fault in this)."
He’s a legend. Crazy ending but he was the best for years.
Just get a custom nameplate with your name to switch out for Brown.
I sold mine when all that shit went down. But. I still own a James Harrison one so idk
This is why I only buy jersey's for future HOF players in all sports.
"I didn’t read your wall of text but my thoughts probably apply whenever these threads show up.


It’s a Jersey.. just wear it lol I don’t get why it’s such a big deal to people. If I pay $100 for something then damn straight I’m going to wear it. Who cares if he went nuts the guy was a beast when he was with the Steelers."
""
""
Hope he’s healthy. Don’t need any excuses from browns fans when they lose.
Pink eye?
Ecoli??
Too many ladies shittin on him?
Pls don’t postpone this game bro i swear
He’s got some sick moves
You would think that a covid test result works be included in such an announcement.
That could be a huge loss for them. Owning Landry in fantasy I am okay with it haha
"Was is it a ""sickness"" as in Jeffrey Dahmer or an ""illness"" as in having a cold?"
"If this turns into another goddamn postponement due to COVID, it will be disappointing."
Shigellosis?
This man was just streaming talking about where was Bronny at like a day ago.
OOO AH AH AH AH.
His feelings got hurt.
pls no i dont want 2 weeks of no football again
Holy shit...
anal fissures?
"Okay guys, I get they're a rival and OBJ is a bit.. off the walls but if he's sick we shouldn't just make jokes at his expense especially since sickness can be anything from mild to severe. 

Show some class"
"The last year Beckham was a valuable contributor to his team, Obama was still president.

I suppose they'll have to find some way to make up those 4 catches for 50 yards and no TD's.  But I'm not sure this is exactly going to send Vegas reeling."
"Trump told you to inject the bleach, not put it in your hair."
"Trump told you to inject the bleach, not put it in your hair."
""
"""Let's make a meme targeting the Steelers' backup QB.""

Weak even by Browns fan standards."
"Cool, are we still pretending TJ Watt isn't easily as good or better than Garrett?"
I will pray for you.
Too bad y'all ain't going up against mason this time round. Y'all going up against future hall of famer AKA Browns Daddy BIG BEN ROETHLISBERGER.
Imagine your organization being so fucking trash that y’all still care about a fucking backup QB who got hit in the fucking head with a Helmet by your dirty ass player. Move the fuck on dude.
Man got no comments or upvotes on the browns sub so had to come here to share his shitty meme
Fuck you turd and fuck your whole turd team
lmao with this weak sauce. go back to bed little brother.
[removed]
""
"No thanks, I'd rather we draft our own guy when the time comes, personally. I especially don't want anyone the Washington organization has had their hands on."
"Why. Why do we have to do this shit EVERY SINGLE TIME ANYONE AT ALL is getting released.

Why can't we just accept that, if it was a good idea in the slightest, the FO would consider it.

They aren't. It's not."
"Ewww

Mods can we get a megathread for QB or FA signings"
"I'd rather keep Justin Layne and whoever we draft in the 4th

Per reports, the dude became complacent when he was named starter. If the best he can do is be the starter for a subpar franchise for 1 year and 4 weeks, he shouldn't even be on our radar."
"No thanks. Completely ignoring his terrible play, he seems like a malcontent. Don’t need bad tude anywhere near the squad"
Ben Roethlisberger is gonna be the QB for at least 2 more years. no thanks.
Name one successful OSU QB
"I have a hard time believing the people that post this shite are even fans of football, let alone the Steelers."
Fuck no
Haskins is fucking garbage and has attitude problems to boot. I'd rather start Mason Rudolph then see him on this team.
Why would we want someone who upon learning he was the starter decided to stop preparing like one per his coach? A 4th is a pretty valuable pick.
"I’ll never understand why people get so butthurt over discussing hypothetical trades. People act like you’re insulting them lol. 

I don’t think it’s giving up much but I think the timeline would be weird not knowing when Ben is planning to retire"
"Nooooo thank you. Apparently his work ethic is under question, and he hasn’t shown me anything to think he’s a franchise guy

I’d take a flyer on Darnold though"
How many times do I have to downvote a post about this?
""
"In the BBC Nature dude's voice:

Simply the thought of playing the Steelers defense is stomach churning for the Browns receiver. He has to take a day off to gather his thoughts and hopes to return the next day to approach the daunting task at hand."
"Thats good news, if wants to take a long weekend that would be fine too"
"""He hasn't [tested positive]. He is just feeling under the weather....just an abundance of caution"" - Kevin Stefanski on sending OBJ home \#Browns

***

posted by [@RuiterWrongFAN](https://twitter.com/RuiterWrongFAN)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"This Week we play our toughest opponent the 4-1 Browns, who also have the best offensive line we have faced, Last weak they played the Colts who are the no.1 Defense and no.3 Run Defense. The Browns allowed 1 sack and ran for 124 Yards in a win.

#Browns 
* sacks allowed last week = 1
* 29th in Passing Yards per Game
* 1st in Rushing Yards per Game
* 4th in Points per Game
* 9th in Sacks Allowed (7)

#Steelers 
* 3rd in Defensive Yards per Game
* 15th in Passing Yards allowed per Game
* 2nd in Rushing Yards allowed per Game
* 6th in Points allowed per Game
* 6th in QB Rating
* 2nd in Comp% Allowed
* 1st in Total Sacks (despite only playing 4 games)

This Season
1. Giants - 3
2. Broncos - 7
3. Texans - 5
5. Eagles - 5

Ive done this for weeks 3 and 5. So far we are 1-1 on our sack predictions.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jbufc0)"
"I pick 5-6 sacks every week. I will continue to do this. 5-6 sacks, let’s get it"
"Sacks will be down from average, just because of how often the browns run the ball and utilize their running backs. 

TFLs should be up tho!"
"1-2

Their O-Line is top notch in pass blocking and Baker is an elusive little shit. 

Last year we only had 2 sacks on him through both games."
A Baker's dozen.
"I picked 3-4 last week and I was wrong, I picked 5-7 this week and I hope I'm not wrong this time. I know that the Browns have a good O-line but I don't doubt that the Steelers D will suck against the run. Who knows"
I love that this is a thing we can do each week. That’s how good our defense is.
"I get it, position changes are a big deal. I played football through college, I understand the game, the differences at different positions. But Hilton is a better cover guy than Edmunds. Hilton is smaller for sure, but he's proven he can make big hits and open field tackles. He played some safety in college, and the steelers have even put him at safety on occasion.

I'm not saying he replaces Edmunds. Hilton is very valuable in his current role. But situationally I think the guy needs some work at safety. We have other CBs that can fill in as the nickle. And what's happening with Layne, heard nothing of him.

 Personal opinion obviously, but the one weakness on this defense seems to be giving up long pass plays. Nelson hasn't been great either but I think playing with Hilton at some safety could pay dividends. He's just so versatile."
He has played some safety. His pick two games ago came from safety.
He’s not near good enough in coverage.
"Honestly Sean Davis was really good in Hilton’s role his rookie year, wouldn’t mind seeing Hilton at Ss and Davis at Nickel"
""
Great news. Excited we won't have a backup center in this week
"Abdominal injuries are tough. Decastro may be out for a while and less effective for even longer.

DJ gets banged up a lot, he needs to bulk up and protect himself more."
I am glad we are staying relatively very healthy all things considered. Let's hope it continues.
Thank God pouncey
"That year when BPA randomly drops two instant impact stud rookies in your lap on draft day, who *just happen* to be at the exact positions where you wind up needing injury depth."
""
"Dotson is strong as fuck.

No one has blown him up once yet and he's gone against some strong ass DT's.

I'm perfectly with letting DeCastro heal up 100% and letting Dotson start."
wondered what Kendrick Lamar was doing with Javon Hargrave then remembered Kevin Dotson is on the team
Hargrave is no slouch to toss like that
You don't see that happen to J Wobble very often
Looks like he was supposed to help on the doubleteam but Dotson moved him so far Pouncey didn't know what to do lol
God damn that is exciting to watch.
"Had Pouncey known Dotson was gonna rag doll Hargrave he would have gotten a better block on 50 which would have resulted in a bigger gain.

Probably a no duh situation but still"
[deleted]
"Looking at the depth chart we're very thin at tackle and very deep at guard. We have four guards that could be starting in DeCastro, Feiler, Dotson, and Wisniewski. Meanwhile we had to sign a practice squad tackle for depth. So why did we decide to move Feiler to guard, especially when we drafted and signed guards in the offseason? What am I missing?"
"Wisnieswki was supposed to be the swing guard and Chuks was supposed to be the swing tackle. Dotson is a rookie, and ideally wasn't supposed to play at all. They moved Feiler to guard bc they believe he's even better at that position than he is at tackle."
"We had Villanueva, Okorafor, Banner to start the year. Feiler can and has moved to tackle due to injury so they probably just wanted to keep as many young guys as they could to develop. This line is getting old"
Feiler can play tackle too.
Did you forget that Zach Banner was injured in Week 1? And just because Feiler now starts at guard doesn't mean he isn't allowed to play tackle and provide depth there if necessary...
""
"Girlfriend threw this in for another birthday gift for me today also as something small. 

Our women get us, don’t mind the hate from other people."
Is it only available in Pittsburgh?
"I certainly hope that your apparently single minded idea of Juju is more because he is a Steeler than him himself.

Because odds are? He is not going to be in the black and gold next year."
"I’ve been so conflicted with this.

I love JuJu. He’s kind of a poor man’s Michael Thomas, with his insane chemistry with Ben. They just have that thing with them. He’s incredible in the locker room. I don’t want to see him leave.

However, with how well Diontae Johnson did last year (basically became the new Antonio Brown in our offense) and Chase Claypool’s breakout game, as well as solid alternative options like Eric Ebron, Vance McDonald or James Washington, do we really need JuJu?

It’s his contract year, and he’s probably going to want more than $12 million/year. Which he deserves. However, we saw last season, he’s really only best when he’s with Ben. Once he retires, we don’t really know how JuJu will do, considering how he underperformed while Johnson did well with Rudolph and Hodges.

Assuming we make no contract moves this year, I believe we enter next year with about $6 million in the hole, assuming we go to the minimum cap space next year (we could be as low as $16 million, I don’t know if rolled over cap is taken into account in my reference). Assuming we can restructure Ben’s contract and extend him another year to pay other players, there are several players we need to pay as well as JuJu. There’s the question mark around Bud Dupree, there’s Feiler who is very important on our O line, and there’s James Conner who I think has been playing like he deserves a (hopefully team-friendly) contract.

Let’s say, since Ben is making 41 million next season, we cut that to 30 million, get our cap to $5 million over and extend Ben one more year to let him keep his money, while we work on a longer term contract (assuming he agrees to this). With that $5 million, should we sign JuJu considering how many extensions we need to sign that are pretty key?"
"There is no reason not to sign JuJu. Juju wants to stay here and so does the organization. ( to my understanding , I think both sides have made this very clear given their relationship ) they will come to an agreement that benefits both sides. This is my opinion and what I think, I got zero inside info unfortunately 😂😂. Don’t think we’ll let a guy like JuJu walk. He’s too special ."
"Watt comes first and then depending on the cap situation, you let him walk"
"If the price is right, and they can make it all work (which they probably can. after seeing the Heyward deal happen when everyone thought we had no money, I'm never going to doubt Omar Kahn and the front office's ability to make shit work) than they absolutely should."
yes we should pay him
"I think we need to find a way to keep him with a back heavy deal...

However, Ben needs to sign an extension for like $5M if he’s serious about winning more rings and finishing his career on a high note.  I hope he’s willing to do that."
"Just throwing this out there, but the Steelers are going to be $18 million over the cap at the start of the off-season. They will also have all of the following players as free agents. This might be a tough off-season in terms of finances. 

Bud Dupree, Alejandro Villanueva, Vance McDonald, Matt Feiler, Mike Hilton, Cameron Sutton, James Conner, Tyson Alualu, and Juju Smith-Schuster. 

Those are only the major free agents. The real question is going to be who will they focus on and who will they allow to walk."
"I love Juju  as much as everyone else, but it doesn't make sense from a roster construction perspective when you have guys like claypool, diontae, and washington on their rookie deals. We need to keep guys like Watt, who makes game changing plays on a regular basis. We just don't have the cap. And if we did, we'd be better spending it on non-skill position players (D-line, o-line secondary).

&#x200B;

Other than AB, we haven't paid a WR in a long time."
"Nope, not unless he's willing to take a massive discount, which he shouldn't - he's earned the right to get his money."
I trust the Steelers front office to make the right call.
"I if I were the Steelers FO I'd make him a reasonable offer for around the league average pay for a we (not including rookie deals). I'm not sure what that number would be.

If I were JuJu I would take the best offer I get.

So I think another team is going to overpay for him. No hard feelings, no bad blood, I'll still probably root for him when he isn't playing against us. That's just the business. Maybe later on once he's made his money and slowed a bit he can come back as a reliable veteran to help out whoever replaces Ben."
"I love Juju, but most of the guys that the front office are letting go to free agency are going to be gone. 

The Steelers are going to be cap-crunched next year, especially if there is a significant lowering of the cap. 

Juju Smith-Schuster, New York Jet is more likely than the Steelers resigning Juju."
"Yes we should pay him.  Unfortunately, the only way I see that as possible is getting rid of some talent.  Conner and Al would probably be out of the picture.  Either McDonald or Ebron would be traded or cut.  We better pray that stadiums are filled to full capacity pretty soon because the salary cap is based on how much money the league makes.

Edit.  I could see JuJu signing a team friendly deal where most of his money comes at the end of his contract.  Like how Nelson's contract was structured.  He would not make much in 2021 but he'd be compensated with more money a couple years in."
1000% you sign juju.
No
Making this post just so you all know.
"Personally I wanted him to go to the Dolphins. I was eager to see how that would work, and they have the cap room. Chiefs, they have CEH, I’m surprised they took this route"
"Unlikely but think if the Steelers knock out KC in the playoffs with Bell on the team, talk about the ultimate revenge. 👀🤞"
"Le'Veon is Andy Reid's dream rb, this should be fun to watch"
Fuck. Can you imagine the plays Andy Reid is going to draw up with him? I think they’re going to be fun to watch ngl
At least it wasn't New England...
Didn't understand how the chiefs went with only a first round rookie at Rb and a bunch of unknowns behind him. That changes things big timr
"This might be a weird sentiment, but at least it wasn’t the Bills. Like we already knew the Chiefs are the best team (besides the Steelers obviously ) in the AFC, but the Bills would have been really scary"
"so that means the Chiefs definitely won’t win the Super Bowl this year, right? karma HAS to show up for the win on this one"
Good.  Someone else’s problem.
I cannot think of a better place for him. He's going to absolutely dominate in that offense. It's going to be really interesting to see how the snaps are divvied up between him and CEH though.
"Owner in 2018 (thank god I took Conner also as a Steelers and Pitt fan), now I own CEH in a league this year. 

Dear Lev, please stop killing my fantasy seasons."
He’s not known for his decision making. Just sayin...
"Too bad, he would have been a huge upgrade over glass man Conner. Shame we couldn't get him back, especially with NYJ paying the bills."
i have CEH in fantasy. there goes 5 points a week
They haven't had a runner that dynamic and versatile since they didn't bother to re-sign LeSean McCoy.
The chiefs are stupid. Makes them worse lol
That should help wreck their chemistry.  Dynasty postponed.
chiefs vs steelers in the superbowl /s
"What do you think was the more clutch play in super bowl XLII, the James Harrison interception or the Santonio Holmes tippy toe catch. If I were to choose of the two I would say the James Harrison interception, lmk what you guys think."
I believe the most clutch play of XLII was the helmet catch
"James Harrison, if the Holmes pass was incomplete they would have had 3rd and 4th down to try again. Harrison managed to go down the entire field without getting tackled, the offense never would have had a chance to score before halftime if he was tackled."
Harrison’s play was a 14 point swing.. instead of cards getting points the Steelers got 7.
"Holmes was more clutch.  You're clutch when you execute under pressure.

Harrison was opportunistic.  He didn't execute.  He improvised.  He didn't have time to be under pressure.  Just reacted.  Harrison's play was unbelievable.  But it wasn't clutch.  Just awesome.

Both were great."
"In superbowl XL**III** it was definitely the Santonio catch.  Not only was it at the end of the game for the win, but it was an amazing throw and catch regardless of context."
"Honestly its hard to say. Both are super important to getting the win. But given that Holmes was triple covered, ben threw a perfect pass that only Holmes could catch, the toe tap, the score at the time, and the time remaining I have to give it to Holmes. Both are great and its an impossible decision but we might win if Harrision doesn't run it back. We don't win if Holmes doesn't catch it."
""
Hope he does has a better opportunity than the Jets fave him. Good luck!
Thanks for the extra info
Kill me
"Cya in the playoffs, Lev.  We have quite a few defensive players to introduce you to since you were last seen on a Jetski."
"I know he hasn't even suited up yet, but I just checked the Chiefs' website, and their team YPC is already dropping."
""
We wish him well on his future endeavours and things of that nature.
Let's get this championship boys. I want to go through Kansas City and eliminate Bell.
At least it wasn't New England
Mr Big Ring Chaser
"Here we go Steelers, Here we go!

Let’s use this shit to EXPLAIN to the rest of the NFL why we are the goddamned PITTSBURGH STEELERS!

Fuck ‘em.... let them sign Antonio Brown too! We will still kick their asses!"
Fuck me i have CEH on my fantasy team
Okay so who should we make 38 posts about us maybe signing next?
Fuck leveon and kc
Bell pulls a KD. So essentially he got the money he wanted from the beginning and still gets his best chance to win a ring. Man that pisses me off.
"No need to be upset. According to this sub, he's a has-been, locker room cancer who will absolutely kill the Chiefs from within.

Somehow, Lev turned into AB and we're supposed to believe that two bad years on the Jets (yes, the Jets) means he's a washed up old man. Let's ignore that he was ranked #1 in yards from scrimmage per game (in NFL history), prior to joining the Jets..."
Well bell already got his money. Realizes there's no additional giant contracts in his future. May as well try and get a ring
Suck it everyone that wanted him to come back
damn dude that worked out well for him
"I will say this: Tomlin and the Steelers FO must really believe in our running back group, because there were a lot of free agent backs this year and we didn't make a move on a single one."
I was first in my fantasy.  I had helare and dak.  Very bad week for me.
Rip i posted this before you and it barely got any traction
Honestly good for him. He got out of a toxic situation. I hope no ill will towards him. Chiefs were gonna be a tough match up for us no matter what
"That’s good, now the Chief’s locker room will become a mess"
steelers gonna regret not picking him up now they gonna have to play against him with an already stacked offense
Hmmmm....big surprise
[removed]
"This is a Steelers sub, kid.  We don't do magic football here."
Obligatory advisory telling people not to send money to random people on the internet.
""
"If it's Brown flush it down, if it's yellow let it 5-0."
"The last few years made me hate the Browns more than the other AFC North rivals. Bungals and Browns are switching places from the hate to pitty and vice versa. 

Fuck the Browns."
They're just bitter from never being good
Steelers Nation
"I remember the top comment in our sub being the virgin brown elf vs. Chad Steeler, which was great."
Imagine being a browns fan and actually believing your team was worthwhile
Browns can suck my fat cocktail
"that's a very bad definition of ""cute"""
Or hit him over the head with a helmet
"In fairness, it is a lovely drawing"
"Go check the comments, I have one on there similar to the browns"
It’d be cuter if the Steeler slammed the metal rod right into Brownie’s face
Myles?
"Fuck the Browns, I didn’t forget."
To be fair there was a comment very similar that someone from this sub commented... what is this selective bs 🤨
"HM: Louis Lipps (not really a huge name but played in the 80’s)

5) Santonio Holmes: what seals this for me is the tippy toe catch, although we had a fall out at the end of his career I would still consider in the top 5

4)Hines Ward: My favorite player, I mean cmon, HE BROKE A GUYS FRIGGIN JAW.

3) Lynn Swann: playing in the 70’s he was well known for his majestic swan like catches in the air. He help guide the Steelers to 4 super bowl rings.

2) John Stallworth: Like Swann, Stallworth also played in the 70’s, he also helped the Steelers to 4 super bowl rings

1) Antonio Brown: I hate to say it, I really do, but damn was he good. It’s a shame what happened but a wise man once said “hard work beats talent, when talent doesn’t work hard” except in this case AB was just a whining baby.

Let me know what you guys think, also keep in mind this post is completely my opinion. If you’d make changes drop them down below, but don’t be a jag off."
AB is absolutely the most talented and best WR to ever be on the Steelers. No one wants to admit it though because of how he left.
"I've seen most Steelers games since 1972. The game has changed so much that you just can't really compare players separated by 20 years or more.  

Swann was a highlight reel at WR. He made so many spectacular catches yet was rarely targeted more than 4-5 times per game. Look at his play in SB X. He was only targeted 4 times yet he made 4 spectacular catches. His unbelievable catch vs targeted ratio is probably the highest of any player. Not to mention that DBs could legally mug receivers and he played alongside Stallworth, which he had to share about 20 throws a game with. Given the same opportunities as AB, I cannot imagine the numbers Swann would have had.

Had Swan played in the days of SportsCenter, he would have dominated the broadcast as much as AB did. But I agree that what AB accomplished in his years here cements him as the best WR in Steelers history."
This list is pretty objective I do have to say myself
"Lipps should be #2, Ward #3. Yancey should be somewhere on there. Santonio doesn't belong on the list. I'd take Plaxico over Santonio."
"Not trying to be a jag off but the countdown of 5,4,3,4,5 really threw me for a loop for a few seconds! Having Lipps as the HM helped me realize AB was #1. I really want to advocate for Swann but as graceful as he was, AB is just on another level."
List is incomplete without Yancey Thigpen.
"No, Limas Sweed. Yeah okay buddy cute list"
Might be just my personal bias but I'd throw in Randle El in as an HM. Dude was so versatile and useful for us
"Pretty good list IMO. I'd move Thigpen into 5th and put Santonio as HM, but that's just me. Well done though."
Limas Sweed
"No issues here. Personally I’d swap Ward and Stallworth. Ward will always be underrated outside Pittsburgh. Santonio was great, but Lipps belongs at 5. Lot of good candidates for HM, but I loved Yancy."
You forgot Claypool
"1) AB

2) Stallworth

3) Ward

4) Buddy Dial 

5) Swann

Lipps, Holmes, Plaxico, Yancey looking in 

Buddy Dial is just criminally underrated. He put up two 1,000+ yard seasons (and *just* missed with 972 and 981 in two more). Even better, that 972-yard season came in a 12-game 1960 season, so yeah. Add that one. The rest, of course, were 14-game seasons, so he was putting up ridiculous numbers (92.5 yards per game in 1963) in general. 

Taking into context the time period, Buddy Dial truly was ahead of the game, and nobody remembers him because those Steelers teams were terrible. 

For comparison, Swann's best season came in 1978, when he caught 61 passes for 880 yards. Swann was unquestionably more clutch — but he also played on a team that put him in positions *to be* clutch. Also to be fair to Swann, those Steelers teams had more options and thus had to spread it around more. The defense also allowed them to play conservatively when needed.  

For me, though, Dial goes above Swann. He was huge in a time when the Steelers had little else, and he was wayyyy ahead of the game at that time. Swann was not the best WR on his own team. Dial absolutely was, and it wasn't close. 

Also, you can have a similar discussion surrounding Jack Butler/all-time Steelers defenders. Dude's in the Hall of Fame and I bet 5 out of 10 average Steelers fans (at least!) can't tell you what position he played."
Wait....did you forgot Moncrief?
Martavis bryant
Stallworth and Hines 1 & 2 or GTFO.
""
Based Steely Dan
In a fight Steely would beat Brownie to a little brown pile of pulp with him steel beam then got to the bar and pound a few IC's
"Not the proudest feature of either franchise, frankly."
Inspired by u/Pandae’s drawing
"I forgot Steely existed, tbh."
lol did they ever announce that steely was gone or one day he just never came back
It’s a tie. They both are terrible.
"Are we being proud of ""Steely McBeam"" now? Because I'm not really on board for that."
steely mcbeam is boaty mcboatface of mascots
"Idk bro, Browns mascot look like he pull bitches for a hobby. While the Steeler’s look like a family loving, Christian man."
Since when is the browns mascot not a furry from the dawg pound?
"They're actually the same age, Steely looks way older because he has 5 kids and constantly worried about being laid off at the plant."
"Trade Steely, Iceburgh, and Oliver Onion Pierogie to Philly for Gritty"
"The Steelers need to bring back this guy, the ""Terrible Fan"":

[https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C7kdq9WW0AAg\_pH.jpg](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C7kdq9WW0AAg_pH.jpg)

The guy inside that costume, by the way, was my high school guidance counselor."
Keebler elf vs Chad Steely
Steely McBeam is such a low bar though.
"What the fuck is that? Is that a real thing in Cleveland? Steely sucks as well, but Christ, at least  we tried."
They both look like the thing of nightmares tbh.
This is my favorite meme now
We all know where the rebar would go
We also all know which team is superior
We actually had a huge thing happen in the Browns sub... Brownie isn’t an elf. Brownie is a mythical creature in Europe called a brownie. Calling a brownie an elf is like calling a dwarf a gnome.
No way brownie is a virgin. The woman in Cleveland are all fat whores with big hair and old Cameros with the paint peeling on the roof.
Brownie the soy boy
Why don't the Browns just use Jeff Sessions as their mascot? Probably a copyright issue.
Scooter life 🛴 East-ish side bruh 😎
We won more NFL\AFL championships
""
With a broken freakin neck
It seems like such a strange story line now.  Eugenes character was literally retarded.  That's probably why they gave him the Browns jersey lol.
"Oh, it's true. It's damn true!"
Undertaker threw mankind off the cage during that hell in a cell match people always joke about in Pittsburgh too.
How is this my first time seeing this? Epic
Eugene won that match tho
"This is a football forum.

Not a thinly veiled homoeroticism forum."
[deleted]
I've been excited since he tapped his toes on the sideline against the Giants.
"As an ND fan also I’ve been so excited for Claypool. 

He never had the system of QB to make the most of his talents in college. Ben is legitimately the perfect QB for him in that he’s proven to be very willing to throw up 50/50 balls to WRs he trusts. 

Obviously no guarantees but he has the tools to be an absolutely elite."
"
Claypool looks legit

Has a good first step for a big WR. Stays under control, quickly closes the space on Slay, hits him with a head fake outside, and gets inside with an arm over.

Catches the ball with his hands, and hangs on through contact. 

***

posted by [@FB_FilmAnalysis](https://twitter.com/FB_FilmAnalysis)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1316924530141491200/pu/vid/480x270/JT83mGKKEezK8IET.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"My comparison has been Larry Fitz in term of his tool set at a young age. The kid has a crazy high football IQ as a rookie (that breakdown a few days ago shows how he was communicating with juju on the line).

On top of that, the way he turns his shoulders for his jump ball is just like fitz. His main difference from fitz is that his size is more like Calvin or Julio. Which is crazy..

I’m not convinced he’s going to be an elite receiver only because he’s very young and has a lot of work to do to get there. But if he keeps improving he’ll definitely have a crazy ceiling"
Canadian Bacon isn't just for pizza anymore.
https://twitter.com/joehaden23/status/1295475356158300166?s=20
It's too bad one of his best moves of the game was the play where he got a phantom OPI call.
I know.
"Well, as long as Nguyen thinks so."
"Guys I'm hearing that Claypool good, anyone else hear this"
""
fuck the browns
Gonna be the best Steelers - Browns game since moving to Heinz.  Fun fact: Steelers beat the Browns 16 straight years at Three Rivers from the time it opened (1970) until 1986. Looking forward to Sunday.  Fuck the Browns.
Hey now. There's a lot of us Steelers fans in OH.
Should I be worried?
Always has been
[removed]
""
James Harrison was a *baaaaaaaaaaad* man.
"This does not seem to be the most unbiased of articles tbh. 

I approve of the message of the title though :)"
"Lions fan coming in peace, but knowing that Megatron's name will be carried on to another franchise in Chase Claypool as Mapletron just warms my heart. Good luck on the rest of the season! Don't worry I know the Lions are horrible lol. #FirePatricia"
"Career games: Calvin - 135, Chase 4.

Career 4 TD games: Calvin - 0, Chase 1.

GG, Calvin."
"Always have love for the Lions. Best football subreddit out there aside from ours of course and you guys were so wonderful to us in Super Bowl XL. Basically a home game.

Also home of The Bus!"
No nickname is as great as Teddy Bridgewater aka Theodore Throwsevelt
I heard him referred to as 'Canadian Bacon' yesterday and rather liked that.
"My brother-in-law is a Lions fan so they're my NFC team.  Watching Matthew Stafford has been tough this season.

I know we had to weather Rudolph/Hodges last year, but at least we had no expectations for them.  Stafford randomly fluctuates between top 5 QB in the league to not deserving of a roster spot on any given drive."
"As a lifelong Steelers fan, and an Irish fan and fan of Chase, I wanted him to earn or make his OWN name attributed to his greatness. Plus, I personally think Mapletron sounds like a put down."
It’s terrible but just yinzer enough to catch on
"Imagine being a Lions fan and watching Barry Sanders and Calvin Johnson, two of the greatest skill players at their position, retire in the prime of their careers because playing for Detroit had totally broken their spirit."
r/titlegore
"It's a shame Megatron wasted his career on such a franchise. I know he got PAID so it's hard to feel bad for him, but still."
lol sorry but metcalf is the new megatron
"I genuinely hope that this Sunday will be a good football game, I’m really nervous about your pass rush. I think this will probably be the best Browns - Steelers game since I’ve been alive."
"I went to a game in Cleveland a few years ago.  I expected to have a less-than-pleasant time, but had a good experience with Browns fans seated near me."
"this game for sure will be tense, I hope there’s no injuries on both teams and everything hopefully will be clean. excited for sunday"
Last years games were pretty fun. I don’t remember being this excited about a matchup for a while
I hope this is the game that renews our rivalry because the Ravens and their fans are just the worst in all ways. I respect the die hard browns fans.
I enjoy and welcome your team’s relevance. Kind of sucks Baltimore is still so good. At least Cincinnati is back to being their adorable chili-on-spaghetti-eating shit show selves. Why’d you get rid of Sea World? It was so appropriate in Ohio.
Fuck off
""
This is the Gpodawund!!
This just made my day.
"This reminds me of [this article](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/25797430/inside-cleveland-browns-front-office-where-hope-history-collide) I read about the owner of the Browns.

""Marketing executives wanted employees to see how fans were engaging with the Browns on social media, so they projected the Browns feed onto a giant wall at the facility. It was like broadcasting talk radio over the entire building, and one day in particular, it was worse than that. One of the marketing staffers entered a search for #dp -- for Dawg Pound. The problem was, that hashtag carried a few different meanings, one of which triggered an array of porn to be broadcast onto a wall for the entire office to see for more than 20 minutes, until a tech employee killed the feed."""
That title gore though.
GPODAWUND FOREVER
This has to be photoshopped. No way are they making it this easy.
"As a Browns fan, this makes me laugh."
thats the sound bakers gonna be making after tuitt breaks his ribs
Competency at its finest
The perfect representation of the Browns organization.
Lmao. This is great to see
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jcbun5)"
If our O-line can hold up to Myles Garret our WRs should have a great game against a poorly playing secondary. Cleveland is a run first offence and our run defense has been excellent. Given these trends the Steelers should win.
The Steelers!!!
"Steelers 31

Browns 28

Closer than we want and we trail most of the game, but a last second Boswell FG kick to win the game. Juju has his named called and has a big game out of the slot. Run game spread amongst everyone including more reverses by Ray Ray and other WRs. Can't wait!"
Call me crazy but I like the team from Pittsburgh in this one.
Gonna be a close game. I got the Steelers of course but I think they’ll make it close to the end. Just hope we shut down Hunt and the run game
It will be close in the first half.  We will look bad in the 3rd quarter.  But the defense will show up and make a few good stops and Ben will seal the deal in the last 90 seconds of the 4th quarter.
10 people hate winning i guess
I think that the Steelers will win
We got 37 r/browns lurkers in here
"After seeing that both of their starting safeties are out, I feel more comfortable picking the Steelers."
"Steelers, baby!!

My bf and I have our predictions on a white board in our office. I think it's going to be a low scoring game because I think both teams are going to ""bring it"". I have my prediction at 24-17 Steelers.  He thinks it will be a high scoring game and he has it at 39-37 Steelers. I'm confident in my prediction but he still wants to think about his before ""locking it in"". We do this with football and NASCAR and we can change our predictions right up until game/race day."
"Browns aren’t quite ready yet.  They’ve got talent, but a lot of bad character guys on their team.  Time to being them back to reality.  Steelers win 38-13"
I'm calling it right here.  Steelers by 3.
"Cleveland- 27

Steelers- 24

These losses happen to every team THAT WINS THE SUPERBOWL LIKE THIS ONE WILL. But like Vegas at KC last week Cleveland is going to pull out every last trick they have to win this week."
"Steelers.

Bakers out and we're not so hot against back ups, so I say it's a bit closer than we'd like.

Steelers 31

Browns 24"
[deleted]
Stay classy yinzers.
We;re better than this...leave it for the gameday thread
"Reminds me of ""Blitz: The League"""
Happy Halloween to you too.
Ouch
He will be on at 1:25 today
Watched the interview with Mapletron and it was great. McAfee getting a lot of Steelers on recently
[deleted]
They wasted them on Bell and Brown. Such a shame.
OMG I need to start a Funko Pop Steelers collection...NOW!! I love these!!
Where do I buy these? I want all of them haha
"Ok, I *was* going to make an Amazon wishlist of Funko Pops and I ended up making a wishlist of all SORTS of cool Steelers stuff  instead!"
"I got them partially from Amazon and some from eBay. 

Some of the older ones, like the Polamalu and Ben aren't available brand new anymore, so you have to trust re-sellers on eBay and Amazon really for those, and make sure you get the original box they come in.

By my research, there are 6 more that were made, and those are on the way next week for me:

1. Brown, in White Jersey
2. Bell, in White Jersey
3. Brown, in Color Rush
4. Ben, in Color Rush w/ Knit Hat
5. Ben, in Bumblebee w/ Cap
6. Bradshaw, in White Jersey

&#x200B;

THAT will complete the collection of every Pop Funko ever made I believe."
"2 WRs, 2 QBs, 2 HBs, and 2 Defensive players is all they made."
Who's the block head in the 84 jersey? I think that one was a mistake. You should burn it.
"Is it just me or does the game this week feel like a trap? There has been so much talk about how the Browns can’t beat us at home that it is going to happen. 

I really hope I am wrong here but man is it making me nervous."
"It's not a trap game if the other team is good, which the Browns have been so far"
Yeah not at all a trap game. This game has been one our guys have been looking forward to.
You should be nervous. Not because of the talk that they havnt won in Hienz in Lord knows how long; but because the browns are legit.
"They're 4-1, where's the trap?  How do you not take a game for the division lead seriously?  Just because the fans are ignoring the Browns, doesn't mean the team is."
Browns will be the best team we've played so far.  I dont think that counts as a trap.
"This is a pretty solid football team we’re playing this week.  Well coached and pretty efficient on offense.

Defense is defense anyone can score on a defense these days so not really too concerned about moving the ball and putting points on the board."
"I don’t know why people still think the Browns are the 0-16 team of old. 

They are well-coached and have HEAPS of talent. 

Do not forget they made our #1 defense last year look like clowns the first time. 

This is gonna be a tough ass game."
It’s not a trap game when both teams are 4-0 and 4-1
The trap game will be the  Jags or The Football Team I'm betting. This is going to be a straight AFCN showdown
"Rival games are not trap games. Trap games are games where you have a big game the next week and a weak opponent this weak. If anything, the eagles game was the trap game."
Steelers know how important divisional games are especially when it’s for division lead!
Do you know what a trap game actually is? Because facing a 4-1 team is not a trap game.
"Last year we had a historically bad offense which led to the defense being on the field for longer during each game. This inherently gives our defense more plays to rack up sacks.

I went through our games last year and found we had an average time of possession of just over 27 minutes per game. This year over our first 4 games we have an average time of possession of 33:11. This means that our defense is on the field for 6 less minutes each game. We are currently tied for the lead in sacks with 20 with one less game played than most teams and our offense being able to hold onto the ball and sustain drives. The breakdown from last year is below.

&#x200B;

***2019***

***AVERAGE TIME OF POSSESION - 27:07***

&#x200B;

27:27

24:14

23:43

29:46

25:34

34:05

35:18

29:28

31:40

26:02

34:40

27:54

31:54

27:40

31:32

20:33

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

***2020***

***AVERAGE TIME OF POSSESION - 33:11***

&#x200B;

31:44

30:31

36:51

33.75"
Excellent post.  Someone posted earlier about the lack of turnovers our defense created.  This was my response - we spent way more time on the field.
That's an insane 20% less time on the field. That's like 2 whole drives less.
"If you take a look at the subs like r/ravens and r/browns they utilize their downvote as a Heinz bottle and a Steelers logo respectively. Obviously nobody gives a rats ass about the Bengals and just mentioning ‘Pittsburgh’ to them can send them into a neurotic rage (they just have arrows). 

Sure we have our downvote as the color of the Ratbirds, I suppose. But as of late it’s just so obvious to see ‘FTS’ everywhere. I love it. Hate us. Wish you were us. And Cincy, maybe just try to beat us? The Browns and Ravens have good teams so whatever, but it’s just crazy how much free real estate we get in the AFCN without really having to do anything."
The browns downvote button changes to the logo of the team they’re playing that week
The Browns update their downvote every week to the team they are playing.
"I am color blind, but aren't our down votes the same color as the general reddit down votes, or can I just not see the difference?"
light purple is the default color of the downvote.
"We all have free real estate in each other's heads.  This division has the most bad blood roots of any (could maybe argue NFC East/North, but I'd disagree).  

I could say, based on the # of Browns posts here right now (which, I love btw, been a lot of fun coming here!), you'd never know the Browns have been perennial bottom-feeders for the last 2 decades!"
"til the end of time, i hate the phrase ""real estate in ____ head""

""oh you don't like the team that beat you a lot? Quit thinking about us losers herpaderp""

who cares"
I don't like that I have to subscribe to r/browns to downvote. I don't want that garbage cluttering up my main page.
"wish our upvotes were like the browns down votes, where the actual colors of our logo appear"
[deleted]
"Dude, it's wild.

Same with Seahawks and Cardinals fans. Reminds me of that scene in mad men

""I don't think about you at all..."""
Ravens fans don’t care about the Steelers lmao. Y’all are frauds and will not win this division. Y’all are a non-issue. Big Ben is getting old. Steelers will be old news in a matter of weeks along with getting swept  by the Ravens lmao. Delusional Steelers as always. We’re more concerned about being the 1 seed.
""
""
That secondary tho 👀
Teller is a huge factor in the run game. His absence is being super overlooked.
"Their defense is pretty bad, should be plenty of space for our receivers to make plays. Teller is a big loss on their line too.. Should be some good battles in the trenches"
Their secondary missing a few players Sendejo is still playing. Ben boutta have a good day.
This could turn into a shootout real fast.
Middle of the field is going to be easy pickens for Ben. I expect Ebron to bounce back along with whoever occupies that space. This is going to be a shootout
"I don't know what is a worse fate, playing against our OLBs without a starting tackle or playing against our IDL without a starting guard."
Man I hope we blow the doors off them. Then we can go back to making it difficult next week.
We’re the walking wounded and still learning a new system. I’m afraid our best opportunity to give you a good fight will be the second time we meet up at the end of the season. Hopefully it will mean something and we’re past covid with a full crowd at First Energy. Good luck tomorrow and take it easy on our quarterback and defensive end.
[deleted]
"I seem to remember the browns subreddit mods throwing a hissy fit when our mod posted about it on their sub last year, and their fans weren't very... intelligent or civilized about it. Wouldn't surprise me if they just decided to skip the browns games this year."
"Yeah, I did a quick run through their sub.  Nothing there would make me think there'd be anything resembling a civil or productive conversation."
""
"Google stats have been fucked since Week 4 and for some reason live updates track way behind the game. Like halftime is happening and according to Google it's a few minutes into the first quarter. No game stats or player stats have been available either. 

No fucking clue what is going on with Google but as someone who uses Google to track stuff while at work this has been frustrating."
"They can just put 5-0, save time later"
Number of games scheduled minus number of wins must equal number of losses right?
10:00 AM?
Technically speaking they did lose a game.....
[deleted]
"Even upon seeing your deleted comment, the only question that sprung to mind was, ""Why?""."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
[ Removed by reddit in response to a copyright notice. ]
Thank you good sir for the paywall bypassing
">*”We call it our Dog Rush.”*

Kieth Butler"
The amount of hype this article gave me is unreal. Can’t wait for Sunday. Let’s Go BlitzzzBurgh
"Good read.  Blitzburgh is back, babyyyy!"
[deleted]
[deleted]
"If you wanna reconcile with Mason, admit that you lied about saying the N word. Kill off the slander before you even consider reconciliation"
"1) I don’t believe Rudolph said the n word to him. 

2) even *IF* he did, he’ll never admit to it. 

3) if he didn’t say it, he’s justifiably outraged that Garrett made this up in an attempt to make himself look better. If he did say it and he’ll never admit it, he basically has no choice but to deny it and demand Garrett apologize anyway (because that’s what someone who didn’t say it would do) or else he kisses his career goodbye

Basically, there’s no reconciliation unless Garrett apologizes for making the claim."
"If Myles wants to apologize, I'm sure Mason would consider it."
"Isn't this almost the exact same thing Myles said during the offseason?  He should just let this go... he is pretty much a defensive star in the NFL... and Mason may never become more than a backup.  He legit doesn't have anything to gain from it at this point besides stirring up a really fucking bad mark on his career.

&#x200B;

If he really needs closure... just issue another apology over twitter or such... accept it if Mason forgives you at that time and if not don't bring it up anymore."
"Is this the same story that was circulating around the start of the season, before then maybe, or am I just having deja vu?"
Is Rudolph still in the league? Dude is trash
[deleted]
"I feel like this stat doesn’t really say anything.  Steelers face 3rd/4th downs more frequently?  Couldn’t that be seen as a negative? Where is the pass going? Screen on 3rd and 20? 

A better stat would be 1st down conversion rate on 3rd/4th down.  This stat out of context tells us next to nothing.

Not a jab at you OP, just a comment on the stat presented lol."
I'd rather have 3rd/4th down completion percentage than just totals.  That stat can easily be skewed if we are throwing far more than other teams on 3rd and 4th down.
I dont think thats a good stat what it really says is we have a lot of 3rd and 4th downs
I dont think thats a good stat what it really says is we have a lot of 3rd and 4th downs
I dont think thats a good stat what it really says is we have a lot of 3rd and 4th downs
