text
[deleted]
Do you guys think dean Davis will get significant playing time this year. I know we have Edmonds and Minkah. But in the short amount of time we had Davis in the defense was significantly better than when he was injured in the patriots game last year. I think we could possibly play him back with minkah while putting Edmonds in the box in certain packages to do what mark Barron did last year.
It depends how much we use 3 safety sets. We’ve wanted to do this for years but never had the talent/health. I could see us going 3 safeties as much as 20-25% of the time. Otherwise he is just the top backup at both spots and won’t play unless Minkah or Edmunds is injured.
Yeah I think he'll get a decent amount of play time. The team loves 3 safety looks and used them a good bit with Kam Kelly. I can only imagine they're gonna use it even more with a competent safety in Sean Davis.
"I think it depends on how you define ""Significant.""  I think he'll get more playing time than Kam Kelly did last year.

I also realize that the Steelers still seem to have not quite figured out the dimebacker position.  Ulysses Gilbert is an option.  They've apparently been looking at Marcus Allen as an option in that role too.  Antoine Brooks, with more development, might be able to handle the job in the future.  I think this signing gives them another option as they can play Davis at SS and then move Terrell Edmunds to the Dimebacker role if they need to.

If the Steelers find that last option is best, Davis could see fairly significant playing time."
Drop Edmunds to ILB and keep davis at the safety role is our best move.
"Sutton proved to be everything we expected of Davis. Minkah even more so. If hes used, itll be because of injuries."
I’ll be honest. I hope this guy never sees the field.
I still can't get over how he bulldozed Joe jaden costing him the interception. The play  Joe jaden played keenan allen perfect. He was in front of him played him perfect and  perfect position easy interception. Then as he's catching the easing interception he gets bulldozed by sean davis ball goes flying keenan catches it easily touchdown. Since they were in the end zone. Can never get over that play.
""
Classic Madden move
Now we just need to get that first round pick back and we got Minkah for free
The ol' reverse Oleksiak.
"Colbert, you stupid sexy slut, you’ve done it again."
It's cool when it works out that way.
funny how that works out.
Finessed
"Solid backup, glad to have him back."
Nice!
Fleecing Florida
Look at that noggin’
Chess not checkers
"Except Dobbs is trash, and now he's our trash again."
"Either 4-D chess or pure luck. Either way, hell of a turnout."
Kevin Colbert has achieved the mad scientist badge
colbert just wins dude
"K but...if we had Dobbs last year I’m confident we’d have done better than we did without. 

So really we gave up some wins as well..."
"Probably cost us a couple wins and a playoff berth, though..."
Dobbs got a BALD head
[deleted]
"Has a lot to do with being the stalwart on the front of a line that faced an obscene amount of rushing attempts, because the secondary was so good, AND because the offense was so unproductive that opponents were constantly able to go into grind mode.

I imagine Cam and the team are hoping that number goes down quite a bit this year."
"Most defensive stops among DIs last season:

1. Cameron Heyward - 44
2. Grady Jarrett - 40
3. Kenny Clark - 39 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhUnMuZWoAAVJMZ.jpg) | [Photo 2](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhUnM3yXsAQN9OO.jpg) | [Photo 3](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhUnNAWWAAAHM75.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Last year was a good year for the number 97
""
"E'rybody thinking it's Juju or TJ, but I bet it's Ben to free up cap space to sign the critical guys like TJ and Juju after the season"
[deleted]
I’d love for them to sign JuJu. I really don’t want to see him play somewhere else.
"TJ, Juju, or someone outside?"
"JuJu would be my guess. I don’t really see them shelling out the money for Hilton, Sutton probably wants to test the market, Dupree is too much money especially since we need to pay Watt, and I feel like Fieler and Al have been kinda underwhelming but the Steelers might feel different"
JuJu for something like 4 over 45 would be nice. Bud for 13-14 to give us a deal would be nice but I doubt it. TJ for whatever the hell he asks for is fine too.
Please be Teej mahal
""
"Starting players up after this year:

-	Big Al
-	Juju
-	Conner
-	Hilton
-	Sutton
-	Fieler
-	Dupree"
"Its JJ

MAXIMUM WATTAGE"
Please let it be juju🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞
"I doubt it’s JuJu unless he’s gunna take a low deal given that his value is down..

Maybe it’s Ben taking and extra year or two at a discount to help his cap number next year...I really hope he does that, if he’s serious about getting rings he should."
If it's not Watt or Juju we're fuckin' up
Can’t tell if this is referring to bringing in an outside free agent or extending another one of our own. My money would be on Villanueva though.
"Or they might be done. Either way, the speculation is speculation!"
TJ
"Salary Cap-wise, an extension for Ben makes sense. He’ll need an extension regardless so we can re-sign some guys next year, might as well be now."
I'm gonna go out on a limb and guess Zach Banner.
"It’s ben, right?"
I'm hoping for Hilton or Sutton
I think Conner gets the Parker treatment and they run him until the wheels fall off because there is more than likely no “next year” for him in a Steelers uniform.
""
Diontae Johnson is the first name on the chart. I will read into this very much for years to come
Banner OR Chuks lmao mike t is a dawg
"On defense: It’s Marcus Allen OR UG3 behind Devin Bush, Sean Davis sliding right in as overall Safety 3 behind Minkah and Edmunds, Alex Highsmith behind Bud with Ola behind TJ. For special teams, DJ is first PR while it’s McFarland OR Ray-Ray for KR"
"There's a Benjamin who's sure

All that glitters is gold

And he’s leading us to a stairway to Seven"
"Where is this sourced from? 

Awesome to see though, thanks."
That receiver line up is giving me feelings of the super bowl 45 group
Chase Claypool is fucking huge.
[deleted]
"Boy that defensive depth chart was...interesting. Carlos Davis as a DE, Buggs backing up NT, and I can’t figure out to make more of Marcus Allen being behind Bush or UGIII being behind Marcus Allen. 

Not that any of it really matters at the end of the day...but I find it interesting."
That’s a big ass O line
Interesting.  That means we're gonna see Dodson filling in for DeCastro week one and not Wis
We’re fucked
""
One of these things is not like the others
"Jordan Dangerfield must be on here as a Special Teams captain, yeah? Is he a good STeamer?"
TJ being named a captain is a really good and welcome sign
Gonna have to cop that TJ jersey with the Captain sign on it
Dangerfield finally gets some respect.
No minkah??
"This reads as ""zozo"" captains. I am not amused."
Ben looking like the dad who plays football out back with his son's friends 🥳
I'm getting a Dangerfield Jersey
Happy for that Watt boi
Dangerfield finally getting some respect
""
Really seems like they're serious about shoring up the weak spots from last year
"I'm one of the few Redditors old enough to remember Dustin's dad punting for the Black and Gold. There's an adorable story about Craig bringing his son to meet Art Rooney and Rooney autographing a ball with the words, ""Someday you'll be a Superstar."""
Holy shit it happened!
[deleted]
Weird how fucking excited I am for a punter lol
"The Age of Underwhelming Berry Punts is over!! 

No more shall the ball only be punted 35 yards! No sir! Not on this team!"
Lol now we’re going to have punting consistency that most teams have had for years.
Does anybody know why Colquitt was a free agent so long or why we waited so long to bring him in for a tryout?
Great signing
"Release depth chart, then release Berry. Unorthodox but I ain't mad about it."
This sub just busted a collective nut
Fuck yes. Great couple of days for Steelers news
Congrats! Dustin was the Chiefs GOAT Punter! He still has plenty left and can get Atleast 3 years left out of him.
Fucking finally. The berry suck fest comes to an end!
Why did Colquitt leave the Chiefs?
Stop it! My dick can only get so hard!
"The \#Steelers are releasing punter Jordan Berry, source said. 

That makes room for longtime \#Chiefs punter Dustin Colquitt, who went to Pittsburgh for a tryout with the anticipation of signing.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Wowzers. We are moving boys
Good first step but we really need to move on from Danny Smith. Our special teams has not been good under him.
"The one time I’m on the “we need to sign x” train, it comes to fruition https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/g9ra8h/looks_like_colquitts_getting_cut/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
"Thank god. Between terrible QB play and terrible punting making us consistently behind in field position, it’s amazing how good we did"
I will miss his net 18 yarders!!
Please treat him well he will carry your community- sincerely a Chiefs fan
"Pat McAfee talked about how good Colquitt was today and how much of a good fit he will be

pumped"
"Thank god, I've been waiting for this since 2015 no more 20 yard shanks

You don't remember in 2015 at Denver in the playoffs? He literally gave the Broncos great   field position every time he punted"
The best move of the offseason
About time.
"Signing of the year, I can’t wait for his booming punts"
Hallelujah! Bye-bye garbo Berry!
🦀BERRY IS GONE🦀
Longtime Chiefs fan here! Please take care of him he was our MVP for very long time and good luck this coming season
RIP to a very average dude.
"Finally Steelers FO listening to my posts https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ib2zoz/steelers_should_bring_in_a_punter

https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ebavnm/jordan_berry_has_to_go /u/SleestakLightning in absolute shambles /s all that aside I'm happy and excited to see a change"
"I will expand more on this in a live podcast tonight so will just gloss over my three points. 

Matt Feiler still being at left guard is such a bad move. Some people repeat the false narrative that he is a natural guard. This is just plain false information. He spent his sophomore season in college roaming the interior and then spent the next two seasons and most of his NFL career as a right tackle. Now the depth chart has the dreaded ""or"". Has Chuks not started growing into that raw potential we kept hearing about when he was drafted? I just do not have any faith in Banner and his 10 pass pro snaps last year. We have a 38-year-old QB coming off majority elbow surgery with a llllooooonnnnnnggggg history of injuries who will now be protected by one of the two question marks? Was Feiler that good at LG last year? In the Rams game, he was not. It was not Donald that was beating him up, it was Brockers and another guy. Against Donald, he never took him on successfully without a double team help. 

&#x200B;

The next baffling listing is Carlos Davis at DE and Buggs at NT. I believe Davis is a huge mistake to make the roster in the first place but to have him at DE when he has 25 pounds on Buggs is just baffling. The Steelers will see a lot of stud running backs in 2020 and have two undersized NTs is worrisome. 

&#x200B;

I sat down yesterday and dug through the roster trying to figure out who our kickoff returner would be. Anthony McFarland never really crossed my mind because of his one lone kickoff return in college. Sure Tomlin likes to have running backs be kickoff returners but McFarland has no experience. No punt returns and a limited number of receptions is concerning. In 208 touches in college, he did have four fumbles, not a large amount but something to keep in the back of your mind with a player with virtually no kickoff experience. 

&#x200B;

I hope these three concerns are just my mind nitpicking and not actual worrisome things. I guess come Monday night, we shall see."
"Kick returner is Johnson and/or Ray-Ray.

Aaron Donald beats double teams every single game. Don’t use the best pass-rusher in the NFL as a knock on a lineman.

NT is not a critical position to stop the run for this group, it’s more to eat up blockers. The ILBs and hybrid safeties are crucial in that area. Edmunds strength has been run defense and tackling, as well."
"With the way players move around to multiple positions, the depth chart spots are relatively useless"
If this was an attempt to get people to listen to your podcast and hit double digits finally... you failed
Sorry I stopped reading once you all but said feiler isn’t a good G. Did you miss the rams game?
"Size isn't really all that useful for stopping modern run schemes anymore - that's why you see the NFL as a whole shying away from the massive, 2-down space eaters. NFL teams have gotten wise to the fact that you can disrupt both the run and pass with interior pressure and explosiveness. That coupled with the fact that we're talking about guys who are arguably in the #48-#53 range of the roster doesn't have me too worried there."
"Do you have some alternatives? 

We can't have pro bowlers at every single position"
"Super Bowl champion P Dustin Colquitt signs with Steelers

Published: Sep 07, 2020 at 04:38 PM

￼

Nick Shook

Around The NFL Writer

Dustin Colquitt's next phase of his professional career will take place in a familiar location.

Colquitt has signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers, the team announced Monday. NFL Network's Tom Pelissero reported it's a one-year deal.

Colquitt's 15-year run with the Kansas City Chiefs ended after he helped them win a Super Bowl when the team released him in late April, and he was without employment until Monday. He's returning to football with a franchise near and dear to his family's lineage.

Colquitt's father, Craig, punted for the Steelers from 1978-1984, winning two Super Bowls in that span of time. Colquitt's brother, Britton, played for the Steelers' AFC North rival Cleveland Browns from 2016-2018 before moving on to the Minnesota Vikings in 2019.

Now, there will again be a Colquitt in the division, this time punting for a team that hopes to do what Colquitt's father and his teammates achieved in the 1970s. They'll hope Colquitt can bring some of the magic he's used to send 462 punts inside the opposing 20-yard line to the Steel City in 2020"
"Yes finnally I been making posts about him in this subreddit since he got cut, no one commented not one. People don't realize his dad won 2 Superbowl with us, has two sons one former chief who we singed who play for chiefs 14 years never less then 44 yard. 14 years to be a sb champ. His birth with the broncos also a Superbowl champ. There a dynasty of hall of fame punters. Their grandpa was a really good kicker at alabama but and fro the military his cousin a kicking or pining legend at tennessee. We have the best punter of all time LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
""
Lmao you just wanted an excuse to post this obscure picture of him you took 😂😂😂
[deleted]
""
He is on the practice squad now! Lol
Quack is back!
Where did you get that towel? It’s awesome
Yeah. Imma need one of those towels.
""
" Need add ""Colquitt's father also played for the Steelers"" to commentator Bingo this season"
"""Now here's a guy..."""
Craig Colquitt won two super bowls punting for the Steelers in '78 and '79.
""
"So we crush the Bengals and Browns the first time, but somehow split the meetings. We crush the Titans, Texans and Giants and become the last undefeated team but get blown out by the Ravens twice. And then lose in the playoffs to the Texans.

And the Super Bowl is Chiefs vs Cowboys?

Throw the whole computer away. Must have simulated this on Madden 21."
"TL;DR Steelers go 12-4 w/ losses to Ravens x2, Bengals, and Browns.

Steelers lose in wildcard round to Texans

Chiefs go on to win the Superbowl. What a bold prediction!"
"I think we beat the giants but I don't see the Steelers dropping 41 in week 1.


In 2008, sure. 


2020, not so much."
""
Quack quack he's back
"\#Steelers have signed QB Devlin 'Duck' Hodges to their practice squad. So he's back.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQKKj_qeOBQ&feature=emb_logo
""
My death was somewhat exaggerated
This is a year when you might just need four  quarterbacks . The fact he has starting experience and knows the offense is a bonus.
THE QUACK IS BACK
Quacktice Squad
The legend (kinda) lives on!!!
"\*Mark Morrison type beat blares in the background\*

***RETURN OF THE QUACK***"
"I like this move. I couldn’t help but feel bad about losing him even though I believe Rudolph and Dobbs are better options to back up Ben. Also, good continuity having three guys who know the system and can (hopefully with more success) step in if things go south with Ben’s elbow. But I really, really don’t want that to happen..."
Quack!
Quack quack motherfuckers.
Pittsburgh's promised!
*Mighty Ducks theme starts playing*
Quack II:  The Return
PITTSBURGH STEELERS : THE DUCKPIRE STRIKES BACK!!!!
🎶LIFE IS LIKE A HURRICANE HERE IN PITTSBURGH🎶
These past 24 hours have been amongst the most traumatic of my life.
"
🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆


🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆"
Not sure what it says about my mental state that this made me cry
I’m happy now. After the weight he pulled he deserved to stay.
Duck yeah!
Thank God. Now the Duck call I drunkenly purchased after the Chargers game isn't a complete waste of money
That’s about where he belongs. I sincerely hope he can grow and work his way up....
The Duck lives!!!
Quack. Quack!
RELEASE THE QUACKEN
BRING BACK DENNIS DIXON
Happy the squad still has faith in him. Last year was extremely tough for everyone.
QUACK
Duck takes the crown from Herb Waters as everyones' new practice squad favorite.
"Browns fan here but the bar I go to always has a lot of Steelers fans.  If I'm there and duck gets in the game I am going to try to start a ""quack"" chant a la mighty ducks in the early 90's and see what happens."
""
Rip Chadwick Boseman
Kinda looks like a chunky Harry Potter
"Good move, we might need him!"
Seem like a good choice.
Whew!
Literally me rn
"I’m not clever enough to figure out if all you guys are joking. The Steelers don’t need this guy. It’s not like he’s got some code breaking sheet for the highly difficult offense. He can’t teach proper throwing motion. 

People are still hyping this guy up like he’s a hidden jewel.

And for every downvote, a black man gets attacked by white police."
""
"Honestly, Duck will always be such a fun story. I love sports man"
"Previously released by the team to make room for Josh Dobbs, Devlin ""Duck"" Hodges is back with the Pittsburgh Steelers, who signed the quarterback to the practice squad.

STEELERS : THE DUCKPIRE STRIKES BACK!!!!"
Quack
[deleted]
"In the words of Coach Tomlin himself: ""We're looking to employ people to hunt""

Hunting season starts 9.14.20"
Rookie Andrew Thomas will be playing LT (Bud) and Cameron Flemming will play RT(TJ)...their interior O line isn't that great either..  so on paper it looks like they'll have at least 3 sacks a piece plus a few FF.. in all seriousness I hope they don't overlook the Giants on MNF; this should be a very easy win.
"The only thing good about NY, besides their star running back, is their D-Line is pretty good. Beyond that, their secondary is hot fucking garbage and their WR corps is not good enough to go toe to toe with our DB’s for 60 minutes.

Their O-Line is a tragedy and I expect TJ, Bud, Cam, and Tuitt to literally eat Daniel Jones."
"League leader in forced fumbles vs. the most fumble prone QB in the league last season.

Something's gonna give, and by that I mean, Daniel Jones is gonna give up the football."
Y’all sleeping on Jones lmao dude absolutely slings it and had weapons all over.
My week 1 fantasy opponent is starting Jones and I can’t tell if he’s just an idiot or if he’s trying to play mind games
Made me laugh so loud lol
"How does everyone think Ben is going to play his first game back? Not just in terms of game plan, but also quality of play.

Looking around subs other than this one, people seem fairly sure that Ben will be significantly worse than he usually is."
"He was somewhat of a turnover machine last year.  Hopefully, that continues come Monday.  Unleash the Hounds!  Other than that, he looked alright."
[deleted]
They straight up just picked the dude who looked most like eli and ran with it
"I feel bad for Danny Dimes. The talking heads are going to ask if he’s a bust come Tuesday morning and if he’ll ever make a leap, but it won’t even be his fault.... don’t worry Jonesy, you’ll get back on track in week 2."
I'll thank you to never shop TJ's face onto Nickelback ever again. You shall not disgrace his face with such shitpostery.
""
"👀👀👀

Looks like we might be sneaking another signing in before the season. If not, then it must be for rollover cap for next year."
Standard operating procedure for the Steelers
"Some Steelers fans on this sub in 2021: ""hEy, tHiS sUpErStAr wAs jUsT rElEaSeD. wE sHoUlD sIgN hIm."""
Mike Hilton 💯
Fitzpatrick 💵
[deleted]
""
"Lmfao


https://twitter.com/zbnfl/status/1303304132095365120?s=21"
"Step aside, Mayfield. Ebron is the REAL baker!"
Kaiser or Ciabatta?  Maybe Brioche?
"It's an ad, Gronk posted something similar too"
#EbronBakeryOpeningSoon
Ebron at runningback confirmed.
"I mean who doesn’t love rolls?  Fresh, war, rolls with melted butter are the best!"
So did Ertz
Ebron returning kicks wtf
"It's a pure Kelvin Benjamin tweet, nothing even needs changed."
People are joking about the spelling of rolls but I think it's totally intentional. Him and Ertz about to be sponsoring some carbs.
le baguettes
""
Which mean's he's no longer eligible 😢
Who’s gonna report as eligible now :(
I knew this man would do it. Guess I need to change my flair to Starter now
"YES!! So happy for him, he's earned it. And that also means he'll be on the field for more snaps, aka TD opportunities😏"
"Wooo!

To quote Tomlin, love this example of ""Football Justice.""  Banner has worked his ass off, and it's paid off.

(Now, let's hurry up and extend him for cheap)"
Mark Madden bout to be super pissed
Number 72 will not be reporting as an eligible receiver.
We've got a Hulk.
Im worried about our line. Big Al took a step back last year. Pouncey is coming off another injury. And Im not sold on either Feiler or Banner
Good for him but wow what happened with Chuks? This was supposed to be our guy when we took him In the third woof
"Chucks got eaten alive by 87 year old Clay Matthews last year. 

I never expected him to start."
"Love Zach proud he won the spot. Was hoping it would be Chuks just because we own his contract next year too. 

Congrats to Banner I'm hype

Edit: Brain wasnt working and said one instead of won"
Love the Crowley thumbnail.
Does this mean he's out of the running for a fullback?
"Happy for him, did we draft him or was he undrafted"
New jersey incoming. HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
"Haven't seen this confirmed from anyone else.. from what I've seen it looks like Chuks and Banner are both going to both play, a lot. Whether one ""starts"" the game or not, expect to see both of them on the field."
LETS FUCKING GO
That’s crazy. Happy for him! He’s been putting in work
Have I missed something? Why is everyone sad he won't get any TD's lol
"so should we cheer every time the offense lines up because Banner is on the field, or should we not because he's not eligible."
That's a little surprising. Wonder if Chuks has an injury of some kind.
[deleted]
"I’m a lifelong Steelers fan and just graduated from Penn State in May. I had season tickets in the student section every year that I was there. Allen was always one of my favorite players. He was never the best in coverage, but he was such a great tackler and very aggressive. I remember going to the home game vs. Minnesota in my freshman year and he had 22 (!!) total tackles.

I was beyond thrilled when I was studying for finals and got the notification that the Steelers had drafted him. My immediate thought was that he could possibly be converted into an ILB and fill in the Shazier void. I just checked the official depth chart for this season and they have him listed as an ILB. I would love to see him progress into a starter eventually. We could potentially have the most athletic ILB duo in the league with him and Bush. Good days ahead for our defense.

Also, I haven’t read anything about Allen’s training camp so I’m mainly speaking on what I saw of him from college. I’m hoping he can get some chances to play this season."
"I was a little worried that bringing Davis back would mean his spot was gone but that LB versatility seems to have won out over Curtis Riley's experience. We're pretty thin at ILB depth with Gilbert coming off his injury.

It'll be interesting to see if he can make a run at the starting ILB job. Vince is probably gone next year ($7M salary, $3M dead cap). Allen has lateral movement issues though and if he has to bulk up a bit to play the early downs that could be even more of a problem."
might be my favorite [picture](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fi.ytimg.com%2Fvi%2FMI1cEotVi0M%2Fmaxresdefault.jpg&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.youtube.com%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DMI1cEotVi0M&tbnid=HAt6fAX7OENazM&vet=12ahUKEwio0_OLptrrAhWOdt8KHVVvCbwQMygJegUIARCvAQ..i&docid=3RjLbhYlwdbAhM&w=1280&h=720&q=marcus%20allen%20safety&ved=2ahUKEwio0_OLptrrAhWOdt8KHVVvCbwQMygJegUIARCvAQ) ever
"I think they’re looking at him as a LB/S hybrid with the idea of him maybe being a LB full time...he’ll need to bulk up a little, but I think it’s his best shot at a successful career"
"Teams don't use two Athletic ILBs in the middle unless one of them can take on blockers and allow the other to make plays. Exception with passing downs.

You get run on too easily if you don't have a guy there who can take on blockers like Vince Williams. I remember last year with Barron at Vince's spot when he was injured and we got gashed. Even though Vince and Barron's measurables are nearly identical.

TL:DR Unless Allen weighs 240 and can take on blockers. Like ""the Fullback of the Defense."" He probably won't directly replace Bince."
""
*alejandro Villanueva not Andre. Other than that nice vid!
"Hey guys, the mods never got back to me about posting this video in here after 2 days so I posted it. If it is not okay PLEASE just comment down below and tell me to remove it and I will wait for them to respond, thanks!"
Is this your video?
"Good take, I agree with most of what you posted. I think Villanueva is solid player, but definitely not an upper echelon LT. Same could be said about Pouncey. Pouncey started off his career performing like an All Pro, but has regressed last couple of seasons likely due to injuries and age, and I think now is one of our more overrated players. He is still athletic enough to pull as a center though, so that has been a boon to our run offense. 

I agree that if our defense stays healthy, it should be the best in the league. I think we may give our late 2000’s Polanaku/Harrison/Farrior defenses a run for their money. Especially when you consider our offense last year was terrible, that put immense pressure on our defense. This year we have Matt Canada coming in and should add some wrinkles so we can get our run game going and not have to rely on Ben throwing it 40 times a game. I think our run offense is really the x-factor this season. ( with the exception of Ben’s elbow)

How well will the new pieces fit in? How much of a difference schematically will we see with Matt Canada’s influence? How well will our older linemen hold up? 

I think it is safe to say it will be better than last year, because it will be harder for defenses to stack the box with Ben, but how much better?"
""
"First ballot HOF for sure. When you are between Favre and Elway, that’s pretty good company..."
Ben. 1 more ring. Please.
Bradshaw getting robbed.
"They're the only two Steelers QBs on the top 50, but better to have two in the top 10. (found this one [here](https://www.highrises.com/nfl-quarterbacks-ranked-by-playoff-performance.php))"
The difference between 1 and 2. Man.
"Giants fan here, love seeing Hostetler on this list lol"
"Of course the browns only have one at #49

Edit: 2. At 48 and 49"
[removed]
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ioy5rn)"
Got a really good Sativa I plan on enjoying during the game.
Monongahela River Water (IC Light)
Beer. Miller Lite to be specific.
Last time I told you guys what I was eating you all gave me shit (in a non OBJ way) 😂
Pierogis!
Too early in the season for chili down here in VA
You should've had a Tomlinism for each food.
"I don't see an option for ""yes""."
Wings and pizza would be great.
Probably Nachos and Moscow Mules.
Im gonna have whiskey and probably pizza
I’m the one vote for chili because that’s what I’m having. Chili dogs baby
Troegs perpetual ipa always goes down smooth
Voted for things of that nature
I want wings and nachos.
Either having wine coolers or whiskey(keeping my options open because I can’t remember if I still have a bottle or not and I’m currently too lazy to check) and I’m gonna make pizza because I live out in the middle of nowhere and pretty much no one delivers.
Wings are cursed with my family. No wings during steelers games.
Holy Heartburn Batman!
[deleted]
JuJu as Arwen lollllllll
Why is Rudolph Gollum lol
[deleted]
Oh Ben how I missed you
to many back up QB's in this
"Pretty sure the answer to every question I asked myself last year was ""Big Ben."""
Side note: probably the best movie I have ever seen.
I hope Ben does good hope he doesn't get hurt again after all that
The Return of the Ring
Impeccable photoshopping skills.
The Duck. LOL. Awesome!
Does anyone else think clean shaven Duck looks like Rick Grimes from season 1?
im not going to lie ive believed every single year. maybe its the virus stuff but i have no faith at all this year. i ll be happy if we win one game lol maybe im just getting old lol.
Unfortunately Duck was released
"Ben's been going downhill fats the last 3 seasons, I cant see this year being any different. Probably will be injured again by week 4."
""
"* Jayrone Elliot, LB

* Henry Mondeaux, DE

* Curtis Riley, DB

* Wendell Smallwood, RB"
It's bullshit that these guys can be blocked from getting a job on another team's 53 man roster while not getting a bump in pay or anything while they are protected.
This team has a weird infatuation with Wendell Smallwood man
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
But but I thought Ben is washed up?
How can this be?  I thought he was 4th best in the AFC North! /s
This is what made Big Ben a singular talent when he was in his prime.  Ben is waaaay better than Terry Bradshaw regardless of era.
"Highest passing grades on extended plays (4+ seconds time to throw), last 2 seasons:

1. Patrick Mahomes - 90.9
2. Ben Roethlisberger - 90.3
3. Carson Wentz - 87.5
4. Russell Wilson - 86.8 

***

posted by [@PFF](https://twitter.com/PFF)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhbaEpkX0AUNTtV.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
How many plays? PFF gets all creative and Steeler fans love them when they are in the team's favor. This just does not say anything without context.
"I don't know that we want to beat our chests about any Big Ben stat rating him over ""the last two seasons.""  Mostly, he watched plays like that from the sideline."
""
That bengals game on fox is bewildering
So pumped for Thanksgiving Steeler football!
"I'm so glad for all the 1pm Sunday starts this season!

-A UK Fan who has work the next morning"
Hot take: I think we make it till week 7 without dropping a game.
"I've been using the old version with the Redskins. Gonna yoink this updated one, thanks."
Saved it. Thanks
https://www.prosportsbackgrounds.com/nfl-teams/pittsburgh-steelers/
Can anyone tell me which timezone is it? I'm trying to adapt and adjust to my timezone here
My best friend is a cowboys fan and of course the game is on my birthday this year where I can’t go... so sad
I wish people still made wallpapers for PC guys like me.
"Nice, none of the games will be in Nfl network"
""
This sucks. Von is such a cool player to watch.
I mean sounds like he didn't break it if there's still hope it isn't over... wonder what happened. Bless the ankles/knees.
Since we’re playing them week two
Contract year too. Wonder if he’s done in Denver?
I never wish injuries on players but this is good news for Zach Banner. Especially after hearing Dave Decastro will be out at least 1 week.
[deleted]
imgur
What
Juju with the statue of liberty TD catch with a mirin Zach Gentry.
https://imgur.com/BIVj1Qm
""
"I’d be happy with a 10-6/11-5/12-4 season, but realistically I see us going 9-7 or 10-6"
""
I just spent 10 minutes watching Pat McAfee talk about punting and I came away wanting more.
"There is a lot of good detail here, such as why Berry didn't do so well in Pittsburgh, and why Colquitt will do better."
We'll get 'im when he's old and cheap.
i want Colquitt highlights! never thought i would say such a thing
I just hope that getting a better punter won't make Tomlin more willing to punt.
Lol I called it! Back in March 21st I called the Pat McAfee show and asked pat if the Steelers were gonna replace Berry. Had a cool convo with Boston Conner while waiting to get in air.
"...or at least Cam thinks he did.

**Ian Whetstone** is a great follow on twitter regarding cap stuff, had this to say on Cam's deal: 

*""I'd been feeling since last year that about $17M per year would be the number, it just felt right. This came in a touch lower than that. It suggests to me that the hold-up in making it happen was team concern about cap uncertainty and keeping the cost down, not that Heyward was asking for the moon.""*

Then **Cam** had these quotes...

*""When I said 48 hours, I feel there was a time this was almost dead, to be completely honest. I was getting ready for farewells and getting ready for my farewell tour and this being my last ride. I'm excited to get this done. I've always wanted to be a Pittsburgh Steeler, nowhere else. I couldn't see myself being anywhere else, but I had to be ready for that reality...""*

*""We started about three weeks ago, but then talks kind of broke off this past week and to be honest I thought it was dead. I didn't think we were going to get there at all. But, man, even (Sunday) I came up here around 8 in the morning. I won't divulge what was said, but me and Mr. Rooney got to talking. I'm just appreciative of him. I understand it's a family business but I understand how seriously he takes this. Along with that, I wanted to be a Pittsburgh Steeler and he made that happen for me.""*

I'm just speculating here, but based on those quotes it sounds to me like the front office was resigned to let Cam play out the season and see what next off-season looked like and Art said ""just get it done and we'll figure the rest out later."""
"Cam is this generation's Mean Joe Greene.  Art II:  ""Get it done, Kevin."""
I remember an article not too long ago that said Dan’s biggest regret was seeing Rod Woodson leave in Free Agency and they didn’t try hard enough to keep him. I wonder if things like that were on Art’s mind.
"If true, that gives me hope that Art II is keeping DMR's values in place"
"Sort of a misleading headline but regardless it’s wonderful news. I Love hearing that faith in a player, A bond with owners/front office, relationships being more than just a transaction exist. Cam is pure class, cool, leadership on and off the field"
[deleted]
"Likely signals the ""farewell tour"" for Pouncey. Ben's extension/discount will be the barometer of who can be kept."
""
This doc series now also doubles as a Switzer memorial :(
Ben's house is insane.
His dance with his daughter was just wholesome
"Goat shit!

Ben dragging switzer on the tube was an accurate representation of his career in Pittsburgh. 

“He really doesn’t give a hoot about what people say”- Mrs Roethlisberger. Bam

Just getting an inside look to his life after so many years of privacy is cool as hell and I’m glad he did this"
Big Ben is a clown and I mean that in the best way possible. He gets so much shit for being a shitty person but watching these videos he's corny as hell lmao. Also Switz getting dragged on the tubes was fucking hilarious. Love these videos every week. Wish they would never stop.
"For some reason when he was in bed saying ""we just got done paying the bills"" I thought he meant he and Ashley had just paid their monthly bills lol"
Entire video was ruined when I saw he had a framed Brady jersey. /s
Isn't Ashley one of his trauma nurses from when he had his motorcycle accident?
Tomlin looks really thin in these videos
""
You should consider trading thoughts with someone who isnt pessimistic.
"No.

^^^but ^^^it's ^^^true"
Should’ve made the guy holding him back “playing down to competition”
"People say every year that this is the best shot at a super bowl we've had since _____ but this year is the time I actually believe it. If Ben has actually been dealing with pain for what, 14 years? and he's actually throwing as good as reports say (I haven't seen any videos), and we went 8-8 last year with Rudolph and Duck.. how can you not expect a great season this year? Even if Ben is half as good as he used to be it's better than the QB play we had last year, but at this point I'm not expecting much of a drop-off and I was pretty pessimistic about it last year. The defense is largely the same, arguably better, and Tuitt's back. The offense is improved as well. This is the most optimistic I've been about a season for a while"
"Wait, where the fuck is all this negativity coming from. We still have an insane defense that carried two sacks of flour to an almost playoffs berth. We are getting back a first ballot hall of fame qb that says (and shows) his arm is as good as if not better than ever. We lost basically no one of consequence in the off-season (even as good as jwobble was, getting Tuitt back is more significant imo), and picked up significant pieces like Ebron.

Why are all the comments (as of 11am) so negative about our team?"
"I am a realist.  We went 8-8 with Mason and Duck as our starting QBs for the vast majority of the year, and Ben having a bad elbow for at least one of the first few games if not all of them.

Now we have a defense and offense with more experience, PLUS Ben, and you think we are going to have the same record?  

You're crazy. Something major has to happen, such as an injury, for us to end up with the same record.  And that can be said of any team in any year."
"Lol we’re going much better than 8-8 my guy. Like, you have to have zero understanding of football or the workings of the NFL to see our team’s makeup and expect an 8-8 season."
"Get fucked with this.

We're loaded at every position on the field, and have the best defense in football.

You wanna tell me we take that team from last year, add a HOF QB and a first-team AP-level DE to the mix, and we *don't* improve?  Another year for Diontae and Bush?  A full year from Minkah?

Hell, even our backup QB's are better this year.

The only way this team doesn't win 12 games is if the season gets cut short."
8-8 isnt the worst. There are a lot worse possibilities than 8-8.
"We all know how it’s going to happen: we’ll get to Week 12 with a 7-4 record, but then continually choke up to the Browns game in Week 17, which we’ll lose with a walk-off field goal, but we’ll still be technically in the hunt until the Sunday Night Football game.

Possibly as a result of the SNF game being a Titans needing a win to finish 9-7 and the 7th seed."
""
"""“It’d be like other instances where people agree to disagree,” Garrett said. “Just what I heard, just what you said you said and that’s what it is. If you say you didn’t say that, that’s okay, but that’s what I heard. It is what it is at the end of the day.""

Bruh. Literally saying ""I don't care if you said it or not - that's what I thought I heard so I'ms ticking to it despite any evidence.""

Come on buddy..."
does this guy let it go?
"""why did you say the n word""

""I didnt say the n word""

""Yes you did I heard it""*

**No evidence from any other player on the field or any field mic*"
">""let's agree to disagree""

""I agree, fuck you""

>:("
Who fucking cares what this piece of shit wants? Fuck him.
">between the players, I feel like it should always be competitive but never go over the line.

He obviously didn't feel this way when he swung a helmet at another player's skull lol"
If I were Mason I would only agree to do this if Pouncey is in the room with them.
"Fuck Garret. He's a piece of shit hothead who was already getting criticized for dirty play before the infamous game ever happened.

If Garret wasn't the first overall draft pick and a superstar, he would be JOBLESS.

I hope Pouncey beats his ass again."
Ayyy Myles smollet strikes again gtfoh with that shit
"I'm not really sure what Garrett hopes to accomplish here...

For the most part everyone has moved on past it outside of the conversations surrounding Garrett since he hasn't played a snap since he decided to weaponize a player's helmet against them. 

Not really sure how both move forward being 'better men' when, by all accounts, Rudolph didn't do anything wrong beyond not backing down after the initial blow up before people tried to separate them. 

Sounds like Garrett is hoping that in some way talking with Rudolph validates his position and gives him an out to move past this whole thing he's pretty much 100% responsible for. 

Still amazed the contract the Browns gave him even though his last game got him suspended for the season and threw a bunch of stuff about his character and career into question. Feel like we're just waiting for another blow up from him."
"Unfortunately , Garrett does not qualify"
Fuck Garrett
"For as big as Garrett is, he really is a little bitch. Loses more and more respect as this fake story gets brought up."
I am not at liberty to say whether or not racist words were used but wouldn't there have been some evidence on tape/audio or something? If not Garrett is being a bitch because he is locked into double downing.
"If Garrettis already coming at it from the point of already having made a conclusion, and hasn't changed his mind despite the lack of any actual evidence, what does he hope to accomplish from having a talk?  This doesn't make sense."
"""I just want to have to a Man to man with helmet talk, what's wrong with that?"""
Myles Garrett is a piece of human garbage
if it was just the helmet thing i would be down for a talk. after he accused me of what accused mason of i would tell him to go f himself. dude seems like a real scumbag
"I don't believe a man whose teammates are mostly black, whose head coach is black, where the majority of the NFL players are black, actually called a player that name. This guy needs to let it go."
Fuck Myles Garrett and most importantly Fuck Cleveland.
"This is what should have happened like, within a few days of the game. At this point it's just silly."
Myles Garrett is a psychopath
[deleted]
""
"He very quickly became my favorite player. I remember being completely unable to watch the end of the Bengals game, and being on the verge of tears. I sincerely hope he enjoys his retirement, and hope he continues to work within the Steelers organization, because he has a great mind and personality that I'm not ready to lose completely."
"The way the Steelers organization handled this man's injury is every bit the reason why they're my favorite AFC team and second NFL team. Absolute class from day 1, complete support through every step, and no question about how they were gonna be 100% behind him no matter what. This ownership set the fuckin bar for what a team is supposed to be about, and I'm proud to call myself a fan of the Steelers."
"Truly a great guy. I had one of the biggest surprises in my life on my honeymoon last year when I was hungover at the Mykonos port in Greece waiting for our ferry to Naxos... look up and Shazier is there with his wife. Ended up sitting by them on the trip and chatted with both of them for a bit. Extremely humble and kind. Always will remember watching him play, but getting to meet him was a true blessing"
"Sad day. Love Shazier, hope to see him pop up here and there."
Greatest tragedy in Steelers history. You won't be forgotten Shazier.
"I will never forget that night against the Bengals, what an emotional game. I remember Vince was having a hard time on the sidelines.

The next week we played the Ravens and the defense came out with Ryan’s jersey lifted in the air. We kicked the opening ball off and Rosie Nix absolutely trucked the return man and hopped up to lift his jersey to a shirt that represented Ryan. After the win Ben did a post game interview with Ryan’s jersey draped on his shoulders and he said that “this ones for Ryan” as he choked back tears.
I get goosebumps just thinking about. I love this team, this city, these players. Ryan embodies Pittsburgh Steeler football. I’m glad he has come to peace. ❤️"
I seriously almost cried when he walked out to make our first round draft pick in 2018.  Enjoy retirement Ryan!
"Expected, but still sad. Such a tragic story. Still, I’ll bever forget watching him play his heart out for us on the field. Awesome player and awesome guy. Thanks, Ryan ❤️"
"The day Ryan Shazier was walking around Pittsburgh while shirtless in January before a wild card game was when I knew I had picked a good favorite player. 

I know this is a meme, but the dude really was built different"
Would rather have Shaz than Bell or AB. So sad that he has to watch our great defense that he was supposed to captain. 😔
All the best
This is very sad. But I could not imagine him getting on the field and taking another hit. Hope he finds some peace in this decision
"Hope he takes all the time he needs for himself and his family.

Would still love to see him back with the team in some capacity some day, when he's ready and willing."
"Ravens fan here, I'm happy for Shazier and his family that he is officially making the decision to walk away from the game. I hope he can end up coaching for yall, it seems your FO is giving him an inside track to stick with the team for a long time to come. The Steelers have been all class in how theyve treated him and I've got a lot of respect for that. No one should ever literally die for this game, seems like more and more young guys are making the decision to walk away with their health and I applaud it."
I'll miss him. seeing him hobble on the sidlines the past couple years has been rough. He could have been a great if he fixed his tacking form. He was my favorite player at one point. I remember debating getting a juju or shazier jersey and then that bengals game happened...
"I have a rule: never buy a rookies jersey. I broke that rule for Ryan years ago. 

Truly a special player"
"
Thank You 🙏🏽... 

***

posted by [@RyanShazier](https://twitter.com/RyanShazier)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1303700253384806400/pu/pl/H9n-XMnNm1NQXF6A.m3u8?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Let's get the chant going boys. Since no fans, we need it here and at home.


THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!

THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!

THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!

THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!

THANK YOU RYAN!!!!!"
"This dude is an inspiration for the way he has handled his recovery. Here's to hoping he can live a long, pain free life."
Retire the jersey. I don't give a flying fuck about availability or options or tradition. Seeing anybody else in a 50 would be wrong.
:(
"😢 50 forever, man."
Heartbreaking.  Hope he finds his way back to the Steelers organization somehow.
RETIRE #50
"Professional football is a part-time profession, it gets you ready for your life's work. - Chuck Noll"
"Glad to see he has come to terms with it, I don’t think there were many who ever expected him to get back on the playing field"
God Bless you Ryan and best of luck to the next chapter. You can’t embrace your new life until you let go of your old life. Here’s to many more successes and triumphs
"Based on his previous comments, all I could think about was how hard of a decision this must have been for him. About cried my eyes out watching the video. I wish him luck in all his future ventures. He will always be remembered for what could've been, but he will always be loved for what he already was. #shalieve"
That video almost made me cry ngl gonna miss seeing him on the sideline 😭😭
"sad day, but so happy he made this decision."
Glad this man gets to literally walk away from the game and spend time with his wife and kids.  Special talent and personality - will definitely be missed!
Really sucks Ryan has to retire but his injury was absolutely devastating. I am thankful the man can still walk on his own two legs. I hope that he takes care of himself in retirement and wish him and his family the best. Very sad but I think everybody agrees we should be glad he is putting his health first.
This breaks my heart man. Love you 50
"Shazier Beam was the heart and soul of that defense, with no shun to Heyward and the boys on the line. He was so much fun to watch, and I remember being in shambles during that awful night v. Cincinnati.

Best wishes Ryan!"
"I remember watching that bengals game and hoping that he wouldn’t be paralyzed for the rest of his life, and to see now that he’s had such a amazing recovery makes me so happy! It was a really sad at first see such a talented player that I loved have a career ending injury but I’m happy to see It didn’t ruin his life and health overall, which is amazing!"
You will never be forgotten. Go Steelers 🏈
"I'm very thankful, I would not want to see him get hurt again"
It's a terrible day for rain. :(
"Truly one of my favorite Steelers players even though we only got to experience his elite level of play for so long. This man is a fucking legend and came back from something most people couldn’t. I knew this announcement was coming, but I still shed a tear watching this and knowing we’ll never get to see this man out on the field again. It’s for the best of course, but damn, it really settled in now."
[deleted]
"I’ve always been so conflicted. On one hand, it was clear how badly he wanted to play again and I really really wanted to pull for him. On the other hand, I had a hard time thinking that was possible or at least in his long term interest - and like many fans, I really grow to care about these players as individuals. I’m so happy he has gotten to where he is and so proud of the work he put in to get here. Coming to terms with this must be harder than anything I can imagine. I hope he continues to have a support structure and strong faith to get through it and be happy and fulfilled."
I loved watching the man play football.  I can't wait to see what he comes up with next.
"It’s rough, but at least he’s able to walk away from the game.  It could’ve been so much worse.  Selfish part of me hopes"
"Damn it!  I was just about to start him on my fantasy team!


Jk.  Congrats on your recovery progress Ryan.  We’ll see you again soon!  Coach Shazier has a ring to it!"
"The r/Bengals subreddit is having a field day with this announcement. 

Those poor bastards"
😢
A great person and a great football player never will be forgotten I hope you become a coach with the Steelers wish you the best of luck👍
"Love you Ryan - 

I'm sure this next stage of your will be just as successful and meaningful as the last one.

You are an inspiration, a hero.  God bless you man, I hope we all can attain your level of class, dignity and greatness.  Cheers!"
"Good.

It's tragic this happened to him and very sad it had to end like this, but he had no business trying to play football again. He's extremely lucky he's able to walk. Even if the doctors somehow cleared him (they wouldn't have), it would have been grossly irresponsible by the Steelers or any organization to ever put him out there again.

Keeping him involved with the organization would be great though."
"I don’t get all the sad comments. We’ve known for years he wasn’t going to stay on the roster once his contract was up. 

He’s going to The Ringer. Why can’t we just be celebrating him taking a positive step in his career?

I’m happy for him. Seems like a great guy and I wish him continued success. Looking forward to him visiting the sidelines like other former beloved players."
"I'm gonna get crushed for saying this, but I don't consider this real news.  The sad fact is that the game of football retired Shazier from the game of football in 2017."
Now he can put all his focus on fucking Pitt cheerleaders.
[deleted]
"
Former Steelers’ LB Ryan Shazier officially announces his retirement from football, via @RyanShazier. 

***

posted by [@AdamSchefter](https://twitter.com/AdamSchefter)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/ext_tw_video/1303707176825913344/pu/vid/480x270/OOGM1N7pwP2oyoe7.mp4?tag=10) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Steelers legend. God bless
""
"Been running this for 5 years now. Usually see more than 5,000 predictions from fans from all 32 teams and get some interesting information out of it.  Here is last years [preseason prediction survey](https://public.tableau.com/profile/tblausey#!/vizhome/DraftNFL2019/rNFL2019PreseasonPredictionSurvey ). 

In 2016, the Cowboys had the highest homer bias score (68%), and the Seahawks, followed closely with a (65%) bias score, as the rest of the league was on the Cardinal bandwagon. Both won their divisions.

In 2017, I poked fun at the Jags, Bills and Rams fan bases, all of whom had 70%+ bias scores, calling them delusional. Many were huge underdogs coming into the year. I was left eating crow as they all made the playoffs.

I cannot find any reference to this in 2018, but I know I did one.

In 2019 the Titans scored the highest homer bias score ever of 80%, and Vikings came in second with 75%. While neither won their division, both over performed in the playoffs."
*Laughs in Cincinnati*
"My knee jerk, no research, no second guessing prediction was Seattle over KC. I feel very wrong about that."
""
"Roethlisberger.

And he doesn't have to be 100% with our defense lol"
"He doesn’t have to be great, just better than Duck and Mason"
Yeah Ben Rothlisbether is actually not very good people
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Go to the nearest river. Scoop up some water. Piss in it.

Same thing."
"People who still live in Western PA don't understand the allure because they have it all around them.

1.  It's the same as any light beer.  IC is no worse than Bud, Coors, Miller, whatever.  It's just...what it is.  A mediocre light beer.  And for most people that's fine.

2.  It's more about the association and nostalgia than it is about taste.  Iron City/IC Light is associated with Pittsburgh, so it's a bit of fun to drink it while watching the Pens/Steelers.


I live out in AZ and would love if I could get some IC light.  Is it my favorite beer?  No.  Is it my 20th favorite beer?  50th?  No, probably not.  But cracking one open as I watch a Steelers game  is magical.

When I lived in Chicago, I used to go to a bar called Durkin's that was a Steelers bar and had 2-dollar IC/IC light during games.  Everybody there loved it because it reminded them of the burgh and also because it was so damn cheap.  

Best of luck in your search.  If anyone knows of a place in the SW that sells IC or Yuengling, let me know."
You can get at total wine here in NC.
Theres a random locally owned drive thru that has it in my town.  I would call all the drive throughs and small businesses.  They aren't gonna have it at your Circle K or Seven Eleven.
Man fuck all of y'all I fucking love IC Light
I appreciate IC Light doesnt mean i go out of my way to get it but id never turn her down
Live in NC. Try total wine. It's where I get mine.
I ended up paying a redditor to ship me a couple cases a few years back.
I'd try an alcohol app. Maybe drizzly?
I have this same issue in Western NY. I think someone found it in a store in NC and posted to the Pittsburgh sub about it... 2 weeks ago?
"IC Light is better than Miller, Coors water, and Bud Light (taste like straight piss) all you have no taste."
"Call some local beer distributors and see if it's in their supply chain. If you're willing to buy it, somebody will probably order it for you. You're not too far away so there's gotta be distribution centers that stock it."
"Whichever domestic swill is on special is always the right answer.

Iron fits that bill pretty often, in my experience.  Especially now that more and more places are charging Budweisers up to mid-shelf, as if beechwood aging were a benefit and not a mass production shortcut."
""
No. BC it will be TJ.
If he can beat out Watt. Watt is just in a position that is valued more.
As long as it isn’t an overrated corner like last year I’m cool with it
Steelers nation is going to have to pick a candidate to push for we don't split votes
"Yes, yes he will."
"First off, I’d like to take this time to say fuck you to coranvirus and that I hope everyone here is healthy and well. 

I figure it makes sense to do some sort of a “welcome thread” for either those that are new, seasoned vets, or those that flat out can’t remember (myself) how things are ran. Of course, reference our sub rules for behavior(s) that are acceptable or not, but this post should serve as a good reminder for us all..

It’s week one. The king is back. The north is ours. It’s time. It’s u fortunate the NYG have to be victim no.1 on prime time television but in the words of Mike T “it’s only prime time because we’re in”, and I say that will all disrespect to the giants. That’s not what this post is for tho. This post is to remind us all what a week at r/Steelers looks like (I’ll save my thoughts for an appropriate time). I need you guys to keep me honest here if I have a day mixed up or forgot a thread type. Just let me know and I can make the edit:

Thread structure-

Thursday’s(?):

- Trash talk thread: this is where we invite our opponent that week for some good old fashioned trash talk. It can get off the rails and easy to lose your cool, but what else is trash talk intended for?

- Discussion thread: This is the more serious thread. This is where we discuss with our opponents sub the game and how we see it play out, things to look out for, so on and so on. Be respectful on this because we invite them to our sub, and the good hosts we are will make them feel welcome. 

Game day (S/M/T): 

- Game thread: you guessed it. This is where thousands of us gather in one place and want to trade the team to japan after 2 minutes of play. Sub rules apply in this thread, but feel free to congregate together here and talk about the game live action style. 

- Post game thread: who comes up with these names?  As you can imagine... this is where we talk about the game that just happened. 

- Other games thread: this is where we all gather and talk about the other games that are being played while we wait on the Steelers to start or are on a bye week. Just a little something to keep the juices flowing. 

Day After Game Day (M/T/F):

- Day after thread: this one is a little more serious. This is where we sleep on our most recent game, gather our thoughts, and share them with the sub. We try to keep this to solid contributions and not so much meme material. 

Wednesday or Friday? I can’t remember:

- Unpopular opinions, hot takes, and bold prediction: simple enough. If you want to shout out to fire Tomlin and tell Ben to retire for the RuD0lpH eR@!!1 then do it here. Let’s see who is the biggest yinzer. 

Friday:

- Free talk Friday: this is anything. Doesn’t have to be stillers related. Just got a new car? Let’s see it. Passed an exam? Brag about it. You can drop whatever you want in there. 

- I think that’s it. I’m sure I’m missing something so please let me know and I’ll get it fixed/added. Just follow the sub rules you see and we’ll be in good shape, and have some damn fun. 

- If there’s any content you would like to see added, modified, etc just drop a comment, message the mods, or DM me and we will look into it. 

HERE WE GO"
Let's watch some football and things of that nature
"It's actually football season again. 

Let's fucking go!"
Stairway to Seven
Looking forward to another year here!
*Ohhh mama I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law...*
let’s fucking go boys. this one is for #50
"Two things:

1.) Wake up motherfuckers

2.) ALL CAPS UPVOTE PARTY"
The standard is the standard
Cheers to hoping for a full 16 glorious games of Steeler football.
"Obviously today is September 9th, we are now just 3 months away from unleashing hell in December. I said what I said."
Hell yes. Time to dig out the Terrible Towel!
Thank God football is back.. finally something to look forward to. STEELER NATION RISE UP !!!
u/Ooziez MVP this year for you
"I have 3 year old and a 5 month old at home, I am working from home, and my wife is an itinerant teacher.

I dont know about anyone else but I **NEED** this."
Here we go
"Thanks for the post man, it’s appreciated. It’s been too long. I’ve got a fresh terrible towel for the new year and in a few days I’ll be waiving that bitch all over the place. 
LETS FUCKING GO!!"
Can’t put the jello back in the box
"I’ve got my game day shirt and my terrible towel ready, now just gotta make it until Monday."
Good to see yinz back
Steelers Super Bowl run starts on Monday night... Can’t wait.
""
""
"Good for him!  I was hoping he would get involved with the Steelers in some football operations capacity, and hopefully he still will in the future."
"glad to hear! i hope he does it all... media, football ops, maybe becomes a coaching intern like gay did. just a real character guy, hard worker. rare in this world."
Great for Ryan. Fuck Bill Simmons.
[deleted]
""
"Shaz, Bush, Watt. The greatest LB core to never play together 😭"
"One more time:  SHHHHHHAAAAAAAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAMMMMM!!!!  

We will miss you."
Imagine the damage he could cause alongside Bush and Watt
"I think Shazier would make a great coach and not just saying that to be nice.  His football IQ is high, he can start as an LB coach."
"Truly believe he could have been HOF, a heartbreaking end to his football career but I'm thankful he's at least got his health back and is able to walk and live a normal life."
One of my favorite players. Hopefully he comes back as some type of coach
This guy will always have my respect!
"Amazing talent, amazing recovery, wish him nothing but the best in whatever comes next."
"Man, the fact that the door was left open to the small possiblity that he could ever return to the field was incredible by itself.  

However, the important thing is that he is getting better and appears to be living rather normally. Ultimately, there's a lot more to life than football."
"I'll never forget that game where it was snowing and the dude came out to warm up shirtless to flex on our opponents. 


Legendary"
Honestly kind of a sad story. He could have had such an amazing NFL career if not for that terrifying injury. But obviously he's got the rest of his life to live and can still accomplish a lot. Wouldn't be surprised if he got into coaching.
Anyone think he'll pull a Joey Porter?
That ear shadow though
Steeler Great!
He’s joining Ringer NFL Show once a week now. He can still be in our lives (audio anyways).
Will miss this guy.
""
Love the aesthetic
Beautiful
Awesome
Is this sarcastic and I'm not getting it? Cause all I see is the imgur logo
"Did you make that? If so, do you have any issues if I steal it for my logo?"
Incredible.
"I didn't have the cool logo, but that was my team name last year lol.  I ended up going with the Nick Cage theme for all my teams"
""
"I don’t think the rest of the NFL truly understands how wonderful this front office and ownership is. Of course it’s going to make mistakes. Of course it’s imperfect. But from the owners to the GM to the coach, these are truly good people who care for eachother. 

How often do you hear about coaches and owners not getting along? How often do you hear about the power struggle of the GM and HC? How often do you hear players talk smack about the organization/front office/coaching staff when they move onto a different team? Often. But how often do you hear ANY of that about the Steelers? The organization is class personified. 

Whether it’s Ike Taylor feeling like Mr. Rooney is a second father, Kevin coming to tears about how much he appreciates Shazier, Art having heart to hearts with Cam, or Tomlin treating his players like his own sons, the organization is remarkably stable, caring, loving, and strong."
#RetireFiveZero
"I am hoping that if Ryan wants to do it, they hire him on as a part of the coaching staff."
"I don't want to get political here on a football sub, but the Steelers' treatment of Shazier specifically, and how they run their organization generally, speaks volumes for me in terms treating people equitably and compassionately.
  
The NFL can put whatever message they want on the field, but it amounts to a hill of beans if you don't have coaches / owners / management walking the walk - and the Steelers have done it for a long time now."
Sounds like a threat
[deleted]
Stupid is as stupid does
I can't believe I wasted 30 seconds of my life reading this
""
"Ugh. Take my upvote you piece of shit. 

Now I have to do and deal with this erection. Thanks."
"Pretty good ""Renegade"" Highlight video, but I feel like they could do a better job with editing the clips to match the beat of the song better.

It's an old one, but [this one is a good example of what I'm talking about](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAL2bxQdbXw)"
"Well, I’m hard...is it Monday yet?"
Love seeing the Trey Edmunds pick lol
Take my karma all you want I am hyped!
"I wasn't really play attention to football during the off-season because I thought there wasn't going to be an NFL season this year ,but now I'm looking at the roster and I'm seeing some new faces and I want to know why he got into the roster."
"Long, lanky, and rangy.  Bad combine.  Doesn't look, on paper, like he ought to be able to hold his own as a corner in the NFL.  

But he's got the sort of body where, if he does happen to have good CB instincts, can be extremely rare and valuable.  A Richard Sherman type.  Limited clips seem to show he's a good tackler, and seem to show he can hold his own in run support.  Looks like he could be nasty off the blitz, which we like.  

They must see some of that in him.  Enough of it that he's worth a developmental stash.  Enough of it that they don't want to risk exposing him anywhere but the active roster.

With his profile, he should make a good special teamer, too.  So that makes him easy to carry."
Went undrafted this year and signed with us as an undrafted free agent. I don’t know a whole lot about him but the Steelers seem to think he was a pretty good find since he made it to the 53-man roster. Guess we’ll find out what they saw soon enough.
"He’s from Deerfield Beach, FL, town I work in (north of Ft Lauderdale). I don’t think he’s going to be a meaningful contributor but glad to be wrong. Here We Go Steelers! Amped for the season to start"
"Only issue I see with a guy like this making the team is he’s an outside cornerback.  Agility isn’t a strong suit because he’s not agile enough so unlikely to fill in like a Hilton.

I’m just wary think a udfa guy could ever develop as an outside corner.  He’s tall and maybe a little raw so perhaps his 4.59 fourty could be improved.  It just seems to me that guys with outside cb talent get drafted even if very raw - we did it with that one guy who had great mensurables but limit experience and stashed him on the roster for a couple years."
Posted an [article ](https://reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/ioynov/behind_the_steel_curtain_james_pierre_db_the_only/) about him the other day from Behind Steel Curtain
From between his mama's legs like the rest of us?
""
"Ben's new documentary should be a mandatory watch. 

I know that it has impacted my outlook on him as both a player and a person."
"The Shazier one is so annoying. 

Right after it happened, you’d get shit on for mentioning it. Now you can’t see a Shazier post without some ass saying he did it to himself. 

Like, we know. You’re not providing some deep, hard truth that nobody wants to admit. It’s been admitted and everybody can just leave it alone now, but god forbid somebody doesn’t play their hand at the karma grab every time his name is mentioned."
"You might add something about steroids in the 70s, Bradshaw dumb, Tomlin on the field tripping a guy, towels being stupid, Hines Ward dirty, Joey Porter on the field, something about Harrison’s kid getting baptized, refs cheating Seattle, Noll catching a defamation lawsuit, and so forth. We got a lot of these. Yet, for all the success, the Steelers are way less hated than the Pats and Cowboys. Our haters do march out the same sad shot though. I don’t even click on comments in the Reddit sub if the post has to do with Ben. I don’t need to."
"Don't forget the obligatory hate on Pouncey for defending Mason, and hate on JuJu for his hit on Burfict"
"Being born in 1990, I can proudly say that I've never seen Cleveland win the division. 

And ill proudly take any hate from any team. Because at the end of the day I know the Steelers will always compete. And the Rooney family wins. And they do it the right way."
What does AB have to do with the Steelers?
""
"Bold prediction that we take the AFC North outright considering the easy schedule the Ravens face this season and we've got a few real contenders to go up against later on in the season. 

However it's refreshing to hear the points he brought up and not the same nonsense trotted out every time these conversations take place.

It's weird how time off, rookies, and COVID-19 impact some teams but not others."
"The Bucs are this year's 2019 Browns. All the media clowns picking them for the super bowl.  LMFAO.  Bucs are gonna be about .500 and irrelevant by mid-season. The nfl is a young man's game.   BTW - the same talking heads that hyped the Browns still have jobs. How is this possible?  The media mostly sucks balls with zero consequences for their lazy, no game watching, know nothing idiocy."
"I love how much Pit has been dismissed and dissed by most analysts this year. We easily have one of the most balanced teams this year. We have the talent to go all the way. The question is, are we coached well enough to go all the way. If our coaches have the right game plans and keep the locker room where it needs to be then we will go all the way."
"As the title says, I'm curious to see what people in the sub feels, deep in their bones for perhaps no particular reason, will happen with regards to the Steelers upcoming season.

Personally, I think James Washington is being a little bit overshadowed and disrespected with all the pre-season hype for Diontae and Mapletron, and will improve upon his roster leading 735 in reception yards 2019 season, becoming a very reliable target for Ben and hitting 1000+ yards for the first time."
"I just made a bet with my friends that if we don’t make it to at least the divisional round I’ll eat a Carolina realer so that’s one thing.

I agree with James Washington. I’ve been really high on him since the draft."
Benny Snell and Diontae Johnson establish themselves as legit weapons and are our next stars on O.
Could be a good season with a playoff run but not as good as we hope
"IIIIIIIIIII’ve got a feeling....Pittsburgh’s going....to lose in the AFC Championship game. I think they beat the Ravens in the Divisional round at home and lose to the Chefs in Arrowhead.

That’s all predicated on Ben’s elbow holding up and an average season of players staying injury free."
My gut feeling is this is a super bowl contender
"Diontae Johnson 1,000 yard season and shows that he's a budding superstar"
"Think 14-2 is what I feel for the season. Think we split a game with Baltimore and lose to either cowboys or Texans. 

I think this is a Super Bowl team IF Ben and the defense can stay healthy."
Matt Canada completely transforms this offense. The movement before the snap fakes out defenses enough that it gives the Steelers the edge they’ve been needing. Think with the addition of Ebron and Claypool you’re going to see some nasty 4 wide sets with big body playmakers all around. Ebron across the middle with Juju playing in the slot Claypool or Washington taking the top off the defense and Dionte on the other side and all the movement before the snap? Safeties and ILBs are going to be have a crisis against this offense.
"Optimistic Gut Feeling: 

Devin Bush takes another step forward and is looked at as one of the top 5 off-ball linebackers in the NFL.

Eric Ebron ends up in the all-pro conversation with the likes of Kittle, Kelce, and Ertz.

Pessimistic Gut Feeling: 

The offense is going to be better, but just fine - not great. The defense is going to regress to being merely good - not great. It's good enough to contend for a wildcard, but this isn't a team that challenges the top of the AFC.

Lack of depth across the team is going to come home to roost, as a season filled with soft-tissue injuries across the NFL tests every team. Steelers are paper thin at a number of different spots and this feels like the type of season where that could be a real problem."
I'm feeling super bowl and I have no logic to justify it.
"It’s all about Ben in my opinion. If he’s top tier, we’re battling with KC for a spot in the SB. If he struggles, we drop to a 2nd tier club. My gut tells me Baltimore is set for a disappointment (LJ is about to hit a wall) and I’m not sold on any other team in the AFC. Colts are a bit of a dark horse and believe it or not, I think the Browns will be tough. COVID and injuries are going to screw up a couple good teams this year. It feels like we’re due for good luck on that front. Best case, I think it’s reasonable to think Lombardi 7. Worst case, I still think we get into the playoffs with the expanded WC."
"I feel like it’s going to be a typical Steelers season of losing games they shouldn’t be losing while destroying good teams, and tons of butt clenching last 2 minutes to decide the game."
I think this is the year we've been waiting for from Tuitt.
"Having seen nothing coming into the season 

offense is top 12 - less throwing than 2 years ago Ben and less INTs

defense is top 5 - but less TO due to less time on the field (better offense), but more sacks to to more leads in games.

11 wins overall, 1-1 split with the ravens"
Without any major injuries- Division winner and at least AFC Championship game or bust. The Chiefs should be the only team between us and the Super Bowl. Our Defense should be top 3 and with a healthy offense there's no excuses for anything less than that.
The highest highs and lowest lows.
My gut feeling is that this season is the last realistic hope for a 4th Roethlisberger SB appearance/win(third).
"I just don’t get all the regression talk for the defense. We are YOUNG with another full year together and Minkah not learning on the fly. If anything that defense flies even higher. 

Expectation is Bens first super bowl replay. Defense carries us and he does what he needs to. If he’s not a pro bowl contender that’s fine and I think we still make a deep run. If he is top notch, the league is in for a show."
With the defense we had last year and Ben being back we have a good chance of at least playing in the Super Bowl even if it is to get beat to 7 rings by Brady
"There's going to be a lot of timing issues in the passing game. Ben always has these issues beginning of the season, and there's a good chance they're worse this year with more rust and less time to knock the rust off."
"As I've become jaded and cynical the last few years. I expect us to be disappointed.

Though I will be ecstatic if we do better than expected.

Not getting my hopes up."
Gut feeling is that we do well and get the wildcard but get bounced out in the first round of the playoffs.
"In 2018, the Steelers had the #2 ranked offense in terms of yards. Last year, they were 27th. I would say we are going to be somewhere right  in-between. I'm guessing 14th in offense, 5th in defense, meaning 9-7 or 11-5 on the year."
"Ben 4500+ yards  25 ints, 30 tds

Defense very good but stats not quite as good as last year

Record 10-6 squeak into wild card"
"We finally have a losing season with Ben, or we win the super bowl"
It's our year.
Chase Claypool will be freakishly good.
13-3
i’m really high on washington too. i honestly think he has some of the better hands in the receiver core. i missed out on Tae for my fantasy draft but i got JW. it just seems like he’s a very disciplined player with really clutch ball control.
I think it's gonna be real fun to watch.
"I feel like the Steelers are an underrated team coming out of the gate.  IF Ben can stay healthy and get the offense hitting on all cylinders, this team can be dangerous.  IF the team can get off to a fast start, like 6-1, (which is doable given the schedule) then I think they will be a Super Bowl contender."
Too many variables for me to have a real gut feeling about this year's team.
Anything short of a Lombardi is a disaster.
"Boz god is back

JuJu and Diontae go off like AB and JuJu 2018

Defense is a legit problem but I fear a little soft up the middle.

O-line kinda scares me for some reason

The rookies will play like rookies(I think Hightower will be the most ready) and Benny will be better."
"It's Ben's last, one way or 'tother. This won't necessarily be a bad thing."
[deleted]
Conner is going to go down in the first 5 weeks. IDK why but I've spent the whole offseason thinking that.
[deleted]
""
"This game he absolutely deleted a screen pass to CJ2K as well. He came from like a mile out and stopped it in the backfield. It was the best I had ever seen him play, and then he got hurt on a field goal try."
I watched this play at the Damons at the Waterfront. The whole restaurant went nuts and I'm pretty sure someone through a rib bone at the screen.
"So many reasons to like this:

1.  Troy Polumalu was a top-rate Steeler and a top-rate human and therefore one of my favorites (if not my favorite) Steeler of all-time

2. The play is incredible.

3.  This reminded me that Kerry Collins existed."
"This wasn’t the same game that he vaulted over the OL onto Collin’s back, was it?? Man I miss Troy!"
"
\#OTD in 2009, @tpolamalu did this 😱 \#tbt 

***

posted by [@steelers](https://twitter.com/steelers)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1303814882211627008/pl/25PCSofjjAm1oEw0.m3u8?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
I was at this game with my family for opening day ! I was probably only 11 or so but it was a great time - if I remember right my dad somewhat called the pick before by saying they need a turnover or the offense is gonna stall out
"As a young Aussie kid who knew nothing about the NFL, this was the play that made me a Steelers fan for life."
Good times
You gotta love that block after
"Awesome grab by Troy, but I was more impressed with a tackle he made at the 2 or 3 yard line.  He started at the 19 yard line at the snap, and by the time the runner had barely started to move toward the sideline, Troy makes the tackle.  His closing speed was always unbelievable."
"Remember when Minkah did this to Ryan Fitzpatrick and everyone in /r/NFL said ""who cares? Ryan was basically punting it"""
"Can we also praise whoever it was that had the presence of mind to smash Britt so Troy could get up and run that int back a bit? I know it was number 25, but I can't remember who played that number at the time."
"Also on that day:
https://i.imgur.com/6N5YO3f.png"
This is the game that made me hate Crumpler as a player. 43 made that season look cheat code this game then Alge fell on his leg.
Little did anyone know at the time that our playoff dreams ended on that play.
""
No. I think he will have a couple more conservative games and a take a couple weeks to get moving/ warmed up.
"In my heart I say he kills it for 350+ and 3 TDs but I have a feeling the offense is going to be super rusty. 

I could see this game being super close and I wouldn’t be surprised if we lose. Having no preseason and Ben not playing for a year might be rough. That’s just me being pessimistic."
"First pass, incomplete or 70yd TD to Juju..."
"No I have a pretty bad feeling he's going to have a mediocre to decent performance that's above anything Rudolph or Duck ever did but people will immediately be back to bashing him left and right. Ben usually starts slow, I don't see it being different when he comes back from a year off of recovering from surgery. Not to mention the o-line situation. Maybe we'll see a performance like that opener against Washington a few years back though. That'd be tight"
"Against a new coaching staff, a young, mistake-prone QB, and an injury-riddled WR corps...all of whom haven't really had any chance to come together as a team so far...I'd expect a huge night for the defense, a little offensive scoring, and a whole lot of grinding clock with a two TD lead.

If they don't have to push Ben too hard on his first live action back, they most likely won't."
Hell yeah I do. Championship run starts Monday. He’s fired up and coming out guns a blazing.
Remember the playoff game against Denver when his shoulder was injured? First pass was a deep ball. Expect Ben to attack early to keep the D honest and then play more conservative ball.
"Probably a 250 , 2TD night, maybe 1 pick. Main targets are Diontae, juju, ebron, and conner. If 2 passing touchdowns, probably one to Ebron/MacDonald and one to Diontae. 

Defenses/Special teams usually have a more difficult time with rust than offenses IMO. Note how high scoring games tend to be in week 1 every year."
"Doubt it. I expect a heavy run game to help ease him back in, but rust is rust. As long as we win he’ll be fine as the season goes on."
He’ll probably start at slow because getting over an injury is so mental. But after a few possessions when he starts to get into the flow of things he’ll forget about it and just play.
I expect it to be better than last year's opener at the Pats.
"In a normal season (not coming off surgery) Ben doesn't usually start the season strong...and that is with at least some pre-season warm up.  

I think he'll do enough to win but I don't expect that he'll light it up."
"
I’m going to guess 275 yards, 2tds, 2ints, sacked 3 times. Still win 24-10."
"Not especially- unless their secondary has multiple lapses which is possible. I think most games this week will be sloppy and most offenses will struggle. Our experience and continuity better get us a W. I think the numbers will come later for Ben as he gets the groove back. My biggest fear is the lack of offseason/preseason causing an influx of injuries. I want us to come through Monday 1-0 with no major problems. I’d guess 1 TD, 1INT, 170 yards. Steelers win 20-10."
Every year people think he is going to jump out the gates hot. And every year it takes him a while to actually get moving.
In my fantasy land he throws for like fucking 450 and 4.5 touchdowns
"I think he's gonna ease back into it and nerves will play a bit of role in holding him back. However I also don't think we're gonna need him to go all out or even have a great game to win it.

All signs point to our defense feasting Monday Night against the Giants offense and that will likely take a huge amount of pressure off Big Ben (mentally) to perform and prove to everyone he hasn't lost a step. 

Come Tuesday outlets won't shut the fuck up about how Big Ben didn't throw for 300-500 yards and had 4+ touchdown passes before ironically talking up our monster defense like that isn't a reason for Big Ben to not have to throw the ball that much."
"Hard to say.  On the one hand, the Giants have a new coach and probably a bunch of new plays they didn’t get to try out in pre season.  That should give the Steelers offense a huge advantage.  On the other hand you do want to ease Ben back into things if possible.  So I guess we’ll see!"
I feel this will be like the game against the chiefs where Todd Haley wanted to embarrass the team that fired him and decided to air it out during a monsoon.  I think they will force the pass early and if somehow we end up behind going into the 3rd that the strategy won’t change because “you have to pass when behind to conserved clock”
I think Ben will do well because he’s going up against one of the worst defenses in the league. It’s a perfect first game to have. That’s not to say he’s throwing for 400 yards but I think he’ll play well
"My prediction is a 23-13 win, carried mostly by the defense. The big comeback won't be Ben, it'll be Tuitt, with a couple sacks, including a strip sack. Ben will look good as far as decision making and crisp passes are concerned, but I don't think he has the rapport with this WR room quite yet."
I would normally agree about Ben and the slow/start rust theory. This isn’t any normal year and this isn’t a Ben we have seen before. Throw in that the Giants are a couple bad weeks from being a full on dumpster fire and I see Ben having big game. Not a huge 500 yarder but a solid 3td 300+ yards. Want to know what would make me ecstatic? A healthy Ben in a baseball cap with Mason killing the clock early in the fourth.
first week not at all. especially this year with the changes.
Ben goes Adrenaline. Slays.
I actually had a dream a couple of nights ago that the Steelers played so fucking terribly in the first week and Ben had literally 0 completions.
"He is usually rusty the first few weeks. Plus we have mostly new receivers. I mean, other than Juju Ben has hardly played with any of them. So no, I expect the offense to start slow. The defense has to step up and win it."
"No.  The Steelers usually play conservative ""Don't beat yourself"" football for the first month of the season."
Ben looks rusty after bye weeks. Him looking off is the only reason I don't think we win this game by 3 TDs
"I expect the first few weeks to act like his preseason so to speak. Definitely some miscommunication and rust. Probably a very pedestrian - 200 yards, 1 TD kinda game."
"260 yards 2 TDs, 1 INT, 1 fumble."
I think his first pass will be a deep bomb that gets picked off. Everyone will panic and then Ben will settle in and have a nice game. Like 250 yards 2tds-1int. Some rust but better days will be ahead!
We always tank games following time off from playing. I'm expecting a loss.
How many interceptions will he have to throw before you all start screaming for Rudolph?!  I miss last year already!
""
"Everyone keep saying we don't have depth behind dupree and watt, why haven't we signed clay mathews?  He still available should we take a shot."
"We need ILB depth more than OLB, Matthew's would be a one year rental, whereas Highsmith is looking like the guy going forward, so getting him more snaps might be better"
What are Adeniyi and Highsmith? Wastes of space? Clay Matthews is a shell of his former self tbh
"I believe the situation is that Clay still gets two million dollars from the Rams (there’s a dispute), but voids that money if he signs a deal. So it doesn’t make sense for him financially to sign a “prove it deal.”"
He turned down the other team because the pay wasn’t high enough.  He’s not taking vet min just to get a helmet and a team.
"No, we shouldn't run out and sign every washed up player you've heard of.

We would have kept more OLB's on the roster if we didn't think the backups we have were ready to contribute."
"It's like there's a 3, 5, maybe 10 year delay with a lot of fans. It's like we don't realize that the only reason why we recognize some of these player's names is because they *used* to be good. And it's like simple word association. ""Oh, I see the name Clay Matthews available. I also associate the name 'Clay Matthews' with 'good player,' for some reason (the reason being that you heard it a lot 10 years ago). That means maybe we should sign him now!""

No, the Steelers should not sign Clay Matthews or Lawrence Taylor or Deacon Jones. It's true that it's scary to go into the unknown with a rookie like Highsmith, rather than go into the known with an old guy who was good 5-10 years ago. But we really need to realize when our thought processes start and end with ""I've heard of this guy and he used to be good so the Steelers should consider signing him today."" We should recognize that there's more to it than whether or not they made some Pro Bowls 5-10 years ago."
Chickillo 2.0
No.
Clay might only want to play for $$money we dont have
""
"There is gonna come a moment this season. Steelers have marched downfield and are sitting on the opposing team's 1 yard line at 3rd and Goal. Receivers are getting covered due to lack of space, already tried to break through the line with a running back who got stuffed, Big Ben wants to go for it before Boswell comes out to add another notch to the belt.

The ball gets snapped, the line holds but no one gets open. Pocket collapses, Big Ben scrambles out throwing a defender to the ground in the process, and then he sees him.

Zack Banner standing in the endzone, no one around him, arms in the air screaming ""I'M ELIGIBLE!! I'M ELIGIBLE!!"" Big Ben smiles, gets it a light toss, and Banner catches a touchdown pass.

That's his secret folks; He's always eligible."
Just need a chip shot field goal like Big Al's
"Just sub Chuks into right tackle, and banner will be ELIGIBLE"
Perfect smoke screen
Cries in ineligible receiver.
i remember Ramon Foster saying if he ever managed to score a touchdown he had the most extravagant celebration dance planned. Wish he would've scored just once before retiring
"Matt Canada will tell Randy to try it once.
Couldn't tell you how many times I watched Pitt throw to a linemen haha"
That’s what they want other teams to think
"Ben takes care of his linemen, if there’s an opportunity to get Banner a TD, I guarantee he’ll make it happen."
Banner with the fake punt!
Beans
F
🧢 🧢 🧢
"I'm semi-out of the loop on this.  I get 1) Banner is known to be a funny guy on social media. 2) there's some gag about him being eligible.

What's I'm missing is how #2 came to be.  What is the source of this joke?  When did it start, and why?  My only guess is it happened before some big play, or maybe it happened a lot in tight sequence in a particular game?

I get that it's a joke. I just don't know WHY isn't a joke. Is it a lucky rabbit's foot? A reference to something ex-NFL? Some earlier hot topic? What?"
"Wait, when did we lose Marcus Gilbert?"
""
Please someone tell me as soon as some good news about diontae’s injury comes out. please......pretty please.
If Diontae is out then Claypool is starting
"Remember, this is like missing a wed practice for a Sunday game (since Steelers play on Monday). Tomorrow is the day you gotta watch to see if Dionte is out there"
"I'm seriously worried about DeCastro.

It was already revealed Pouncey tore his meniscus at the end of the 2019 season. He opted not to have surgery. If he goes down and DeCastro stays out, we are in some shit."
"Diontae was my sleeper pick of my fantasy draft, pls play"
Foot injuries always take forever to heal. That is... worrisome.
""
I have all 3 on one fantasy team.
Hmmm may we see some unexpected extra Claypool?
It's Wednesday my dudes.
Hope he is good for Monday night
"Banged up WRs:

Steelers WR Diontae Johnson has a recent foot injury and missed practice today. 

Broncos WR Courtland Sutton hurt his shoulder and left practice today. 

Kenny Golladay was limited to individual drills today after a hamstring injury suffered  Wednesday.

***

posted by [@FieldYates](https://twitter.com/FieldYates)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Juju to the slot, wash and claypool on the outside?"
Should I drop Johnson for Claypool
The amount of injuries with Dionte is suspect. Dude could be a legit #1 receiver but his health is holding him back
""
[deleted]
"Dionate. 

Sounds explosive."
As the post implies I am trying to contact the Steelers. I am a Bloomsburg alumni and Steelers fan. I would love to get matt feilers autograph on a football that already has Jahri Evans. Unfortunately he doesn't have a social media so I was hoping to contact him some way and offer to donate to a charity for his signature.
"Zach Banner is very active on Twitter. 

I’ve also seen Vince Williams give away jerseys and reply a good bit on Twitter."
Tuitt watched all my snapchat stories his first 2 and half seasons or so. No more :(
Ebron has liked a few replies I’ve left on his tweets but that’s about it lol never really tried to contact any of them
"I messaged deebo on snap once and he viewed it, best day of my life"
"as mentioned Banner and Vince are pretty communicative. you may have luck with Diontae too, he sometimes likes my replies to his tweets"
"Ramon Foster

Might also be worth reaching out to Burt Laudin. He's probably too busy to respond to autograph requests but maybe could give you an address to send to."
I think your best bet could be JuJu
"Holy shit. We are here and it’s been far too long. Only one thing to do... let’s talk about it. 

Chiefs... Texans...  who ya got?"
David Johnson is making Bill O'brien look like a person with average intelligence
"I knew the Chiefs’ fans were trash, but that was bad even for them."
I think it would be foolish to not pick the Chiefs here.. I’m struggling to find reasons why they wouldn’t win
"Damn, it feels good to be in a game thread again. 

Cannot wait for Monday though."
If the Texans defense plays this bad the whole season JJ is coming to us baaaby
Boy I missed these. We made it guys. I’m rooting for the Watt that’s not on our team
"Draftkings had a offer too good to pass up. KC +101, I like my chances!!"
Is it Monday night yet?
I hope the Texans win. They still got a watt right?
This feels so weird
I knew it'd be heads.
The NBC app has been struggling so far tonight.  I guess I wouldn’t expect anything less in 2020 tho
Chiefs offense looking explosive
That kick reminded me of Vinatieri’s kick last year
Andy Reid looks like he's in an aquarium
"The number of people they’ve already shown who aren’t wearing their masks or don’t have it on properly is just depressing.

ETA: since most of them are Chiefs fans, I’m rooting for the Texans just for spite."
Missed you bastards. Even sleestak
We're back boooys and girls
"Ladies and gentlemen, we did it. Football is back!!!"
The chiefs managed to get an explosive rookie RB who’s running all over the Texans tonight.. as if they needed another weapon!
[deleted]
I think it's better if you pretend you never found out.
"We’re your family man, forget them"
"Hey that's a brutal collection of fans bases to deal with. Good luck.

Just remember you are a part of Steeler Nation. Best damn fan base in the league."
"I mean, you lived this long without them."
"The Bills got us into the playoffs awhile back and the Titans took out the Pats last season, so you can keep them, the rest have gotta go. Sorry, that’s just the rules."
You can disown the Pats and Bengals fans.  Bills and Titans are cool.
I have a relative who wears his Ocho cinco jersey to work
Steelers > family. Get your priorities straight bro 😂
Reminds me of that commercial from a few years ago
F
"Bills and Titans have pretty cool fans usually so that's nbd.  Bengals are division ""rivals"" but not really a threat so you have all the cards there.  Pats fans though...yikes, good luck with that one."
disown the pats and bengals fans. the bill fan don't because terell and treys (well he isn't on the team anymore but still) brother tremaine is on the bills.
"> They’re Patriots, Bills, Titans, and BENGALS fans. Can I disown them? 

Nah, man -- blood is everything.  Unless they were Ravens fans, then you should just deny their existence."
"How did sperm donation work back in the day? I had a coworker go through it and it all seemed very complex for a situation I always found to not be very complex. Back in the day did you just like, pick a guy that looks kinda like you and then he bangs your wife?"
"Disown what?  They never had anything to do with you in the first place.

All the same, thanks for keeping us posted on the strength of your old man's nut."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
What disrespect?
How is this disrespectful?
Really? Upset about Watt's placement? Don't be a snowflake
"The quest for the Lombardi Trophy begins tonight. \#Kickoff2020 \#ItTakesAllOfUs 

***

posted by [@NFL](https://twitter.com/NFL)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EhjOoymVkAEocow.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
""
I too have seen someone wearing merch
"Hi.

This year I do not have access to cable so I was hoping to catch all games online. I have little interest in watching any non-Steelers games and most of the answers to my dilemma seem to involve buying access to much more than I want or need, so I thought I would come here and ask for advice.

(ps- I live in the lebanon/lancaster area)

thanks for any help"
Nflbite.com or sportsurge.net
"You can buy a digital antenna and get most of the games.

You can buy one for like $20"
"I live in New England and am blacked out of most of our games so I cut the cord. I’ve streamed all my Steelers/Red Zone for the past 5 years now. 

Agreed with other post about nflbite - that’s r/nflstreams after it got shut down. Quality is ok, but sometimes can run into buffering issues.

Another option, less of a guarantee it’ll be our game, but Yahoo Sports app streams some games for free on mobile devices that can have the app installed. Not 100% clear on VZ/Yaboo deal with the NFL but it was a decent number of games last year at super 1080p. Plus, this doesn’t have the 20-45 second delay that the nflbite streams generally do. I’ll watch on an iPad if the Steelers are the yahoo game, however they block screen mirroring to AppleTV unfortunately though. 

Even less of a guarantee, but last season, someone on this sub was streaming some games and posted a link each week. I don’t know which /u/ it is, but hopefully they do that again.

Amazon Prime Video also streamed Thursday nights last year, I think they will again this year. 

The final and most expensive option, would be to get a VPN and pick a country where you can buy the NFL Game Pass international version which live streams. Due to their deal with DirectTV Sunday Ticket, that app can’t live stream in the US. Last time I looked into this was a few years ago, so not 100% sure this still works. Video content providers have gotten better at detecting VPN traffic recently."
"[If you want to know whether the Steelers will be on one of your local channels, check this website every Wednesday](https://506sports.com/)"
"Do you have a amazon firestick if so watch this 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4N6jZtMfn8"
CBS All access might be an option to consider depending on your area.
Ive used seasons4u and have been happy with it
"Have a laptop that can connect to your TV or maybe a firestick?

If so, I can solve all your problems."
There should probably be the full games on NFL like a few hours after the game ends?
"Google these two words on game day

Buffstreams 

NFL"
"Footballstream.tv 
This is life for me, no problems at all"
[removed]
[deleted]
">St. Peter’s Prep

I read this at St. Peppers and was like wtf they named the school after him??"
"Jabrill did more with the ball in his hands so maybe he got more high school press.

But Minkah was a 5 star prospect 30th overall nationally and signed with the top football program in the country at Alabama.

I guess jabrill was third nationally but Minkah had plenty of hype."
But Minkah is elite and Peppers actually kinda sucks as an NFL guy.  Ain't no competition.  Peppers is awful.
Jabrill Peppers? They still servin them dahn at Applebee’s?
Fuck Michigan.
""
"I grew up driving by the turnpike mural everyday to school. Lived in Plum and never knew the history of Pudgie Wudgie. Very cool, thanks for sharing!"
"I grew up in plum, so I would drive past the pudgie wudgie sign near hulton rd sheetz all the time"
"I had the humble honor to meet Pugdie Wudgie once. 

All hail Pudgie Wudgie!"
For a few years in the 90s my parents had a homemade brownie they packaged and sold as a brand called ‘Fudgie Wudgie’. I never knew the reference until today!
"For those of us steeler fans who aren't aware, can we get the story?"
"Please use this thread to post anything.  Doesn't have to be Steelers or football related at all.  Don't downvote in this thread.  If you see someone being a jerk, report it, or message the mods about it.  

Need to vent?  Do it here!  

Hate/love something, and want to talk about how much you hate/love it?  Do it here!"
"After watching last night’s game, I’m really, really excited to see our front seven against the Texans O-line in week 3."
Bruh those Chiefs fans were trash last night
"Man when the pandemic started in March I lost so much focus at work, then we started work from home and in April and I surprisingly got my focus back. Until this week that is I have been watching hype videos all week I cannot wait for Monday"
So i finally found something to help with my nocturnal pruritus. Baking soda deodorant all over my body
Duuude got my new color rush Ben jersey and my new color rush terrible towel just now. I’m so pumped. I love getting new jerseys every year
Just bought tickets to see our squad play the Cowboys (I live in Dallas). I think all of Ben’s rust should be off by then
I’m going to mow the lawn today.
"I'm so ready to have something to look forward to and get excited about. These last 4-7 months have been some of the worst of my life.

LETS GO FOR 7!

Edit. After Skip's comments yesterday. If you're struggling then talk about it with someone. I kept it in and am paying the price now."
"I just want to say Fuck Skip Bayless, that dude is a human trash bag."
"UK-centric question. Just got a doggo and need to baptise him into Steeler culture, but I'm having trouble finding any bandanas or pet/dog stuff this side of the Atlantic. Has anyone got any suggestions?  Cheers."
"I'm listening to the Pitt Panthers broadcast and there's no Bill Hillgrove. I usually prefer to listen to SNR instead of the TV play by play but I was wondering if there is any word on if Bill will be doing the games?

EDIT nevermind. He's been suspended two games 

https://sports.yahoo.com/steelers-radio-announcer-bill-hillgrove-suspension-dui-supermarket-014753102.html"
"I’d say we have the best, but maybe our LB spot is still a little questionable."
"Defenses biggest problem last year was that we didn’t have an offense to help them. They almost dragged our sorry offense to the playoffs. 

Now we have an offense. It’s not solely on them. This is the best defense in the league."
Top 3 at least. Wouldn’t argue with anybody saying #1
#1
"Hard to not call them #1. 

\#5 in total yards allowed  
\#2 in INTs  
\#1 in sacks  
\#6 in points allowed

The yards and points allowed are really the only negative aspects, but the offense was one of the worst performing offenses the team has had in its history and they put the defense in a lot of bad situations. Even with that, #5 and #6 are not bad.

The only defenses last year I think were on par were the Patriots and 49ers, but the only stat the 49ers were better in than the Steelers was yards per game. The Patriots were arguably better last year (especially early in the year), but they lost a ton of players on defense this season and their star QB is gone so offense may be struggling. Whereas the Steelers on the opposite hand retained their defensive studs and got far better on offense this season."
"ESPN ranks it 1, I don’t disagree"
Uno
"Number 1, obviously"
1 imo.... inarguably top 3 for sure
"I would say Top 3

We are still not elite when it comes to stopping the run. Gave up WAY too many big chunk plays last year. Our MLB’s and backfield need to step that up."
Our LB spot is the envy of the gods themselves.  A little questionable?  GTFOOH.
"2nd behind the 49ers.

If the Pats didn't have so many defensive starters opt out, I'd have us behind them too."
At worst 2nd behind SF.
"I don’t think LB is questionable. Dupree is a great run defender who also had 11~ sacks last season. Watt was a top 3 defensive MVP candidate and 1st and 2nd team all pro. Bush was a top 5 DROY candidate. Williams is a solid veteran in the box.  The backup LBs are unproven just like most every other teams backups. (But as a fan I’m itching to see what Gilbert III, Ola, and Highsmith can bring)

I think our only questionable area is NT.  Our DL as a whole is good, with Cam and Tuitt. But we don’t know if Alualu, or Buggs, or Davis will be that unmovable anchor. We have been blessed with talent for decades at NT. (Hargrave, Big Snack, Steed, etc..) what kind of impact will that have on our overall D? That’s the big question.

A second questionable position could be, SS, with Edmunds.  But IMHO, he isn’t “bad”. He just happens to be the most targeted guy in our starting secondary. But consider our secondary: Fitzpatrick could be a HoFer. Nelson and Haden play at a pro bowl level. Hilton is one of the best nickel back/slot defenders in the league...  We haven’t had a WHOLE secondary with this much talent in my lifetime.

Just my honest opinion, maybe I’m wrong. But I honestly believe this is a Super Bowl winning defense."
Top 5 overall
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser known players you think will have an impact. If you are a fan of the Giants, feel free to add in your two cents, and ask us about the Steelers."
Stopping Barkley needs to be priority #1. Watching that rookie tear through the Texans was not fun. Also I think I'm more anxious about how our Offensive Line will look more than Ben.
"Here’s how I see it playing out:

Daniel jones lead the league in fumbles last year for QB’s and out defense are just straight bullies when it comes to takeaways, so I’m expecting quite a few turnovers. 1-2 fumbles?

Our front 4 against the giants OL is just a huge mismatch to me. Could be a 5 sack day. Defense will win this game and that’s all we need while Ben gets his footing back. Just win and he will help out as the season rolls"
"Giants fan here

Here is what the Giants look like:

1) Very good offensive weapons. Saquan, Engram and Slayton are very dangerous. Shep and Tate are also good players.

2) Average Offensive Line: we are starting a rookie LT, a new Center, and a new RT. If our LT can play to the level of Nate Solder(average to below average) we should be a similar OL line to last season. 

3) Daniel Jones: Good vision and passer but struggles holding on to the ball. Hope he has improved in ball security.

3) Productive DL against the run: we have great run stuffers on the defensive line in Leonard Williams, Davlin Tomlinson, and Dexter Lawrence.

4) Unproven Edge Rushers: this is where the Giants struggle. Lorenzo Carter and Ximenes have struggled getting to the passer.

5) Inside Linebackers that struggle in coverage: This is where I expect the Steelers to target the Giants

6) Hole at CB2: expect the Steelers to attack the corner opposite Bradberry

7) Safeties: Peppers and Love should be good 

Closing thoughts: I’m benching Tom Brady in fantasy to start Big Ben in this game. That about tells you what kind of game I expect."
"I'm super scared to face you guys Monday. 

I'm worried that DJ is gonna get his shit pushed in by your defensive front, and then everyone will think he sucks all year when in reality the Steelers defence is just god-tier. 

Big ben being back is curious, not sure how slow he will start but I don't expect more than 24 points out of that offense. I doubt they established the passing game early. However our secondary is very very questionable so it's a good game for Ben to get his feet wet.

Also curious to see all of the Giants weapons on the field at once: Barkley, Tate, Shepard, Engram, and Slayton. First time this has ever happened so that's exciting

Overall, I'm cool with the Giants losing but I want to see OL and QB development. Please don't be a blowout on MNF.."
"Giants fan here to fill in some info about our roster:

* OL has alot of investment into it over the last few years. This season will be trotting out a new C, RT and LT. Our center is a guy who has proven to be very versatile but it is his first stint at C. LT is Andrew Thomas, a 1st round rookie, but was seen as the most pro ready out of them all. RT is Cam Flemming who is a JAG so we believe that is the weakest link in our line. Zeitler is one of the best guards in the NFL and Hernandez is young and promising. 
* Our best strength is our DL. While not flashy we were top 5 against the run last year. We've had trouble converting pressures into sacks  though but I wouldn't underestimate it. 
* Our secondary last year was hot garbage. We added James Bradberry, drafted Xavier McKinney (hurt) and Logan Ryan to aid this though so its unproven. Overall the average age of our defense is 24, so if this new coaching staff is legit we can see some strides here. I wouldn't bank on it though until we see it.  
* Saquon will be our biggest chance to win, but we do have a fairly good set of weapons for Jones. Slayton, Tate, Shepard, and Engram is nothing to slouch over. 
* In my eyes the best way for the Steelers to win is taking advantage of our bad pass defense and putting pressure on DJ."
"Hey everyone, I'm here from Big Blue's sub. I'm curious to see how Slayton opens up Year 2. Our other two main WRs are more of the slot type in Shepard and Tate. I'm just curious, how have ""outside"" receivers faired lining up against your defense compared to slot receivers?"
"How good do you all think Ben is? Same legend as always?

I'm fairly confident in slowing down Conner, but I'm certain Ben will be able to pick apart the Giants secondary. We've lost our #2 corner (arrested), #3 corner (opted out), and our second round safety (broken foot) who was supposed to play a very big roll. James Bradbury might be able to keep up with Juju, and Logan Ryan will hopefully be up to speed and able to contribute but after that it gets bleak.

I'd rather not talk about the Steelers D. A successful day for the Giants offense will be Daniel Jones having 0-1 turnovers, regardless of score."
Is enough else nervous about this game despite it being the Giants
"A lot of good information is already in here but one thing I'll be watching in this game is the interplay between Saquon and Engram. I expect our outside receivers to have a tough game regardless, but if your linebackers are really focused on Saquon early (as they should be), it could create some mismatches for Engram over the middle of the field. I'm not expecting us to win here but I would like to see a competitive game. And I think if that happens it starts with some good 15-yard completions to Engram early, which will at least get in your LBs' heads and potentially mess with some safety bracket coverages on the outside."
"Giants fan here.

I’m excited, think this will be an interesting game with lots of question marks. 

On paper, I think our offense is better than your offense, but your defense is better than our defense. I think your defense is much better than the difference between our offenses. 

Overall, for y’all I’m concerned about bens health, especially season long. I think he will start out slow this game, but short underneath passes will be good for him to warm up and effective against our defense. 

Only way I see the giants winning is if our interior d line steps up and really pressures. 

I expect the same score to be: 20-10, steelers win. Would be happy as a giants fan with 20-17 steelers win. 

Could be a blowout too, although I think we are a sneaky trap team with lots of offensive talent, and a good interior d line. Think this is a great matchup in that both teams have different strengths and weaknesses."
"Always enjoy playing the Giants. Just one of those teams I’ve never disliked. 

I’m not sure what to expect tbh. This feels like a game we would lose last year because our offense couldn’t score more than 10 points. My guess is we score off of a turnover, a good punt return, and one late game drive to seal it away. I see NY scoring at least once off a rusty Ben pick. I don’t expect them to move the ball too well against our D. I’ll say they cross the 50 from their own half probably twice.

Final score prediction: Pit 21-13 NY"
All I need to say: Steelers defense forces 4 turnovers
Apparently they look like shit in practice and their coach made them restart practice from the beginning.
"As a Giants fan these are some of my notes on how we can win (specifically defensively as that's what I know better) 


>DB versatility and the short height of your WR Corp is gonna be the key to our defense. We can win this game by exploiting Ben's rust and creating coverage sacks 


>Lorenzo Carter had a monster training camp, he could surprise the Steelers and cleanup a lot of pressures


>Darnay Holmes needs to show out, he likely will see some play time and will be tested. His camp was really strong, at times looking like a top 5 player on roster. If he controls his matchup he can limit the game 


>Tomlinson / Lawrence / Williams should generate pressures and control the middle of the line, we need to get Golden / Carter / Ximinies off the edge effective 


> Expect a lot of disguise and blitzing to try and confuse Big Ben and catch him on his back foot after a year off. 

>Saquon needs to run effectively and limit Ben's time on the field in order to tire out DBs and open up Slayton. Also in a similar sense Minkah and Watt are the scariest people for me on the other side of the ball"
"Any of you Steelers folks got any insight into Diontae Johnson? Seems to have snagged that WR2 role more or less from Claypool/Washington, although it seems like Washington will still be a flyer/outside threat. 

JuJu gonna play more slot this year too? Big bounce back year ya'll think? He burned me last year in fantasy hehe."
"I feel like the giants and steelers always play close games that always are at least half entertaining. (Giants fan) I think both teams have a lot to prove this year, and have lots of potential. Could be a good start to MNF"
Anybody know why they decided to have two games on Monday night?
"Fantasy question .... juju , d. Johnson, or Kareem hunt. Idk much about Johnson so I'm on the fence between them."
"I think that the offense is most likely going to get off to a rough start, maybe some 3 and outs, but the defense will start off hot on a Giants offense that doesn’t have much other than Barkley.  I expect some sacks early on and some splash plays through out with a Steelers win that’s only by one score, but a win nonetheless."
""
Good shit.  I really didn't want to be without him Monday.
"Juju only confirmed that he practiced

Does this mean he's good to go? Probably, but that's not what Juju said"
Yesssssss
"He said, that he said, that she said, that he said, that his cousins, uncle’s sister’s, friend, said that he was good to go. 

He’s good to go!"
"Debating whether I should start him, Lockett, Kupp or A. J Brown"
Our WR told a reporter that another one of our WR is good to go? What?
Honestly I'm worried about the cap next year I don't know we're going to have anybody on the team .
""
"Honestly, we HAVE to make playoffs this year. Its been a minute. Im calling 11-5"
We have a lot of 1pm games dang
I’m saying we go 16-0. 😂
Only tough stretch is week 2 to 5. We needed up with one of the easiest schedules this year. Let's gooo
"~~LMAO Y'all play the rest of our division. That's fuckin hilarious. Now I can root for y'all in every game.~~ 

Nevermind, that was preseason."
"Whoever gave me gold medal you are an absolute legend and you made my day. I never got it in my life, and it really means a lot to me. THANK YOU!"
It is unfair we are not allowed to smash Tom Brady and make him cry unless he somehow gets his sorry ass into the playoffs.
"Living in Denver, I'm super stoked I get to watch the 1st two games from home and not a pirate stream or bar!"
Anyone have a good iPhone 10 background of the schedule ?
"Mmmmmm that week 8 bye week, fuck yeah"
"9-7 floor, 14-2 ceiling; 5th or 6th seed"
Looks like an easy 16-0 to me
Can someone make this into a cellphone wallpaper? Thanks you in advance
Maybe we could find a new schedule that doesn't have the preseason games and the old washington logo?
[deleted]
""
Lots of spread coming 👀
"Pumped. It's been too long since we had a good TE.


^^I ^^still ^^love ^^you, ^^Heath. ^^:("
Throwing it 40+ times confirmed.
"So I’m guessing it may be a good thing I drafted Ben, JuJu, Diontae and Ebron in fantasy football this year."
"He’s pranking them/us
He’s only gonna line up at fullback or right guard"
At the same time shut the fuck up Ebron
"Steelers and Lions fan here. 

Ebron is a soul crusher. I hate to say it I'm not hating but I will have full asspuckering every ball to him. He drops crucial balls routinely.

Watch him choke in the playoff game he played for indy last year. First series (iirc) and a critical drop 

Y'all I'd love to eat crow but seriously he earned the nickname Droptimus Prime in the D"
Remember when we'd line up Bell wide at WR and everyone would go crazy.
Come on Monday night 😠 I'm so hype to see my squad this season because last season was just a glimpse of what we could become and now our offense is looking tight there's no telling what this would turn out to be
I drafted Ebron for the culture so I hope he is a major part of the offence this year.
I knew i drafted Eric in fantasy for a reason🤫
""
I think the wallpaper broke its ankle
Unpopular opinion: can’t wait to replace Conner with someone more reliable
""
""
Thought that was Todd Haley lmao
"I’m burning up in the PDX... this made me smile Homie! Wu-Lers ALL DAY!

Let’s GO! 🤘🤘🤘"
Details!!!  Can I purchase this or are you just talented and made this?
Bring da ruckus
"Is this a wu tang ""w"""
Smh Literally sitting here trying to figure out what weird bush has been incorporated into this and where you’d plant it. Took me way too long to realize it’s a reflection... looks cool though!!
Wu-Tang Clan ain’t nothing to fuck with
Hopefully the Steelers take after the Wu this year and the Steelers “ain’t nothin to fuck with!”
"Paired with a 36 chambered The Bus Jersey, it brings Da Muthafuckin Ruckus"
Awesome
How much was it? I’d def like to purchase one
"when I saw the title I said to my self......self, this man is beautiful. you weren't lying lol.  jk. that is cool"
"Two things are forever. 


The Wu Tang and the Black & Gold."
Man that is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍🏿
Wu Tang is for the children
It ain't nothing to fuck with.
Absolutely Badass!!!  Steelers Rule!!
Sick!
Steelers gang aint nothin to fuck with!!
Wu tang forever
"Not only did he not take a job. They signed the old backup, and brought the old backup back, AND signed the other backup to the practice squad over him.

Crazy this guy was a first round pick."
It’s crazier that one of the greatest QBs of all time drafted him. Shows how difficult it is to pick/scout a QB out of college.
[deleted]
Someone in media said casually that he has the best throwing arm in the league but he cant play. Whats the story there?
Bad. Check out the article on btsc
Which is quite disappointing I was hoping for that Tommy Gun magic to happen again. You know just in case the event that shall not be named happens.
I can't say for a fact but I seem to remember hearing rumblings that he is just not very dedicated. There are plenty of guys that have the physical traits to succeed but not the work ethic.
His height gets him tryouts but hes not very good
[deleted]
Check this forum everyday. Some of us are really active and post all the latest news.
"This forum, steelers depot and get a Twitter and follow missi matthews, brooke pryor, etc"
Someone said steelers depot already for articles....they also have a podcast (The Terrible Podcast) that I listen to religiously and think it's very thorough and well done.
Podcasts. I use Locked On Steelers but there are plenty of options
"For the past 5 years I've tried a bunch of different ways. Just using this sub is good enough. They'll give you all the news that actually matters and filter out a lot of the shit that doesn't. But you can also follow team reporters or players on twitter. Between those 2 options, you'll be as up to date as it matters."
Bleacher report app aggregates news for your selected teams from multiple sources.
"Hey guys, I'm looking for a new Steelers hat, any recommendations of hats or places to get them?"
"Fanatics.com has been running crazy deals and free shipping lately. Some stuff they sell cheap material, but others are legit. I got a 47 Brand Steelers Snapback for 20 bucks and free shipping 3 days ago"
"Much pricier than other options but I loved the new era draft hat from this year with the neon style logo and “steel city football” on the side. I’d look on the websites for fanatics or lids. They’re basically identical because they’re run by the same company, but sometimes lids has different inventory and better deals."
"https://shop.steelers.com/pittsburgh-steelers-new-era-39thirty-the-perf-hat

I bought this a few months ago. I love this hat. If this is your style."
https://steelcitywest.com/shop/ols/products/90-kick-hat
""
"The tweet: 

""Zach Banner on winning the starting right tackle position: ""We can all celebrate now, but if I go out on Monday night and suck, I am done. That is the bottom line."" 

Our eligible receiver means business ‼️"
They had so much fun together :(
Switz: I don't feel so good Mr. Roethlisberger.
"Are people on this sub just doing a complete turn-around on Switzer? Or am I missing something.

Last season, this sub was full of people talking about how shitty he was. Now that he’s gone, everyone suddenly wants him back lol. Serious question as I’m kind of confused."
"I will preface this by saying I genuinely think Switzer is good enough to have an impact here and I’d rather have him here than McCloud. So I’m absolutely biased and don’t really care.

If McCloud absolutely sucks, I’m pretty sure we’ll bring Switzer back. McCloud had a bit of a fumbling issue on returns and had one good return in practice. He’s probably had more of an appeal with his offensive snaps than his special teams time. I guess we shall see on Monday."
It's for the greater good
I don't think that we've seen the last of him.
"It's not like Ben and Switz can't still be buddies. He's a FA, they can still kick it. They're just not coworkers right now."
"What’s up Yinzers

What is going on this year with fans in the stands?

I’m a gigantic Steelers fan, have been so since I was a wee child. I live in Lancaster Pennsylvania, but I’ve been able to attend one game so far in my life (an awesome TNF game against the Bungals). 
I am about as in tune with the roster and schematic and coaching things and things of that nature as I possibly can be, but with me living a distance away, I’m unaware of some of the stadium/tailgating/etc. info. 
A quick google search didn’t help me out with this, what are the Steelers doing as far as seating? Thursday’s Chiefs and Texans game was interesting with the 20k fans. What is happening in Heinz Field?"
https://www.wtae.com/article/no-fans-at-pittsburgh-steelers-home-games-pennsylvania-health-secretary-says/33993743
"YOLO is always good, but if you're a bit more risk adverse, I'd probably wait to see how the fall/early winter shakes out where the flu and general sicknesses spike.  Wait and see how the authorities handle things, since they may start shutting things down again if things go haywire and when most people are likely to be paranoid."
"My girlfriend and I are flying in from Houston, we were hoping to see our first game against the Texans WK3. Thought we were in the clear after the reports said first 2 games wouldn't hold fans... Exploring the city will still be nice 👌"
""
"Hella sad about that catch. Still stings.

Side note why do half these posts just say IMGUR but not show the picture?"
"i hope everyone absolutely tee's off on the patriots this year. I don't care if Cam gets caught in the crossfire, he's wearing the uniform now."
"I say on the 3 year anniversary we need to let it go, lest we sound like Seahawks fans whining for eternity about SBXL."
It’s still too soon
Still think we would’ve won the Lombardi that year if it was a catch... 1st seed playing the bills and titans instead of the jags
Wait what the fuck the picture just says imgur
"This win would've gave us home field advantage. Of course, Leveon still prob would've been injured but its def a big ""what if?"" being that the Pats were basically unstoppable at home in the playoffs until last year."
"Can we just get over this already? Yeah it sucked when it happened, but Jesus Christ..."
""
Holy shit the website also has Bob Ross Cereal
As someone with a diary/cow's milk allergy I fucking miss milk so much...
"Uh oh, don’t show this to Mark Madden"
I might have to buy a box. There's a Giant Eagle near me; but unfortunately I'm diabetic and I don't think the sugar content will help my cause
What flavor is it?
[deleted]
""
"F. 

Sorry for your loss, the rainbow bridge hopefully has an end zone on the other side so the first thing he did was score a TD."
Sorry for your loss. Our Rooney dog sends his condolences.
R.I.P.
RIP rooney seems like a great dogn :( <3
Sorry for your loss.
Sorry about your buddy
loosing a much loved dog is so hard. I'm so sorry!
aww man. poor lil guy.  RIP
I'm sorry to hear. I lost my Rooney last Thanksgiving.. still hurts.
"RIP Rooney 😔 🙏 Steeler Nation will miss you dearly.

Sorry for your loss."
Waving a terrible towel for your pup today. Hope Monday does your dog justice
"RIP, let’s get a W for him Monday night"
F
F
F
F
"I’m heartbroken for you! 

I had to send the best Steelerette of all time over the bridge recently. 

Here’s to Rooney and Chica cheering us on from up above! [Chica the Steelerette](https://i.imgur.com/xyCf0UP.jpg)"
"Rip Rooney, I hope you get watch the Steelers win #7 while eating endless bones above."
What a happy looking dog. I'm sure there was nothing Rooney enjoyed more than watching the games together with you. RIP.
Sending love your way. What a happy pup
NOT ROONEY..... NOOOOOOOOO!!!! 😭😭😭 Beautiful dog
Damn. He was for sure the goodest of boys. Sorry for your loss. Steelers will take care of business Monday for Rooney.
RIP Rooney! You were a handsome devil! The Steelers will win a ring for you this year. Here We Go!!
What an incredible picture. Looks like he gave you a lot of good memories.
"RIP, power through brother or sister"
Very sorry for your loss!
Sorry brother
Sorry to hear.  RIP Rooney.
So sorry for your loss
What a good dog. I'm so sorry for your loss.
"That's tough, sorry for your loss. Rest In Power Rooney.. We know you will be around when renegade is crankin. GO STEELERS!!!"
I'm sorry for your loss. We came back from our Labor Day trip to find one of our cats really sick and it took him three days of help to recover. We weren't sure we were going to get him back so my heart goes out to you.
Sorry for your loss
o7
"This made me tear up...what a beautiful goodest boy! So sorry for your loss. Steeler Nation lost a real one today..but I know and believe he’s in the most peaceful place right now probably enjoying some chicken wings and running around with other beautiful pups...I’m praying they get a big W for Rooney tomorrow night and even more so, that 7th Lombardi! 🖤💛"
""
Will just delete and/or ban anybody crying here on Monday. If you wanna join the bozos in protesting football for this then do it. No need to vocalize it here. We promise you will not be missed lol
Report: The Steelers will be a team. More at 9.
This is the way
Yeah it's sad to see my family protesting the NFL over their demonstrations. As far as I'm concerned freedom of speech is everything and everyone can show out for what they believe in
Good
"So they are coming out together as a team and supporting each other in every way?  Sounds awesome, good for the team, and the individual players.  That's how you bond as a team.

Fuck yeah Go Steelers!"
Do we know what this show will encompass? Is there a plan for a team statement etc?
"Kinda seems like, ""will they or won't day"" is usurping all the attention from the real underlying issues.  Almost the entire talk is about the pageantry/ceremony/display v. what it really means.  Focus on substance over form.  The message is being lost.  But I'm glad Steve Nelson has something to tweet about."
"The question is what are they showing unity in support of?
  
It's easy to knock anyone who questions the *cause du jour* as being ""against unity"" or some other such bullshit, however, reasonable people can have reasonable disagreements.
  
If the Steelers are showing unity as team in support of BLM the organization, I'd have a problem with that given their principles are abhorrent.
  
I wager, however, given the commentary from the mods in this very post, nuance and genuine discussion are not welcome in the here and now."
Will they? Who gives a fuck?
"Thumbnail shows shaizer, no one cares who Steve Nelson is, thanks for shitpost."
[removed]
https://i.imgur.com/xhVB2IE.jpg
Good. Steeler Nation will be better without you.
Nah I'd be happy that they're using their platform to bring attention to social issues
imagine caring if players take a knee
The pro racism hot take.  Good job.
Goodbye
I would never give a politician the power to make   me to hate something I love. Here we go Steelers.
"Well buckle up, because ESPN will be playing Lift Ev’ry Voice And Sing in place of the Star Spangled Banner on Monday."
"K, bye"
I know I'll probably get hella downvotes but I don't like politics in my sports. I support the movement and they have every right to protest however they want. I tune into sports so I can escape everything for a few hours. If I want politics I'll watch the DNC or I'll watch CNN. I understand they want to use their platform to raise awareness and that's great. I'd rather see that than seeing a bunch of people destroy a city. I just think there's a time and a place for everything but I'm not going to boycott anything because that's just silly.
"Preferably for free, also. Thanks, yinz!"
Nflbite.com
You can use yahoo sports app on a phone
I know on game days someone here usually posts a link.
In addition Bilasport.net has plenty of streams as well for all sports
sportsurge.net
The ESPN app should work too.
""
"Chase: 500 and 4 touchdowns

Diontae: 1000 and 6 touchdowns

Juju: 1000 and 8 touchdowns

And I think Ben is throwing for just over 4000"
"DJ- 1,000, 7 TD
JuJu- 1200- 7 TD
Claypool- 600, 6 TD"
"People are really underestimating JW this year. I would not be surprised if he had a better year than Juju. Nothing against JJ, I love all of our 4 WRs this year! It's going to come down to who Ben trusts, and what the opposing defense gives us."
"Billion yards, million TDs

Zillion yards, gazillion TDs

700 yards, 7 TDs"
"DJ 67-891-5
Juju 94-1357-9
Claypool 34-640-6"
"Juju - 75 / 1000 / 7TD

DJ - 60 / 850 / 7TD

Mapletron - 32 / 515 / 5TD

Great photo."
"Dionte 1100 5td
Juju 1000 7td
Chase 700 5td"
"I think DJ and JuJu both are in the 1000-1200 range with 6TDs each
Claypool probably will have 8TDs but I see his yardage much lower, like 300
I think Washington will have similar stats to last year"
"18 Touchdowns, 19 Touchdowns, 11 Touchdowns.

That would be a cool number"
"Juju - 92, 1250 yards 11tds 
DJ -  79, 950 yards 7tds
Chase - 60, 625 yards 5tds"
1000/6.  All of them.
"Diontae Johnson: 85 catches, 1100 yards, 8 TDs

Juju: 80 catches, 950 yards, 7 TDs

Claypool: 30 catches, 400 yards, 5 TDs."
"+Johnson - 1,100yds, 7 TDs

+Juju - 600yds, 3 TDs

+Chase - 400yds, 8TDs"
"I like claypool, but MAN do people sleep on james washington, even steelers fans. Guy can ball"
""
"I obviously don't want to see anyone injured, but this is not a bad injury report given the long offseason and number of injuries on other teams. Glad Johnson is active and hopefully Decastro comes back healthy."
"Interesting that they put doubtful for Decastro. I've always wondered what makes them decide between out and doubtful, it's seems pretty obvious that he isn't going to play tomorrow."
This has to be one of the cleanest reports in the league
Did Ben hurt himself or was it just a day off?
I fucking love the format of this injury chart.
""
I definitely remember. I’ll be wearing my bracelet on game day :)
So excited for game day!
I'll buy a steelers one If she sells them. Those are awesome looking
[deleted]
Don't bring this facebook-tier garbage to this sub..
[removed]
We play tomorrow tho
Good try tho
"Damn, thought I slept through Sunday.  Even had a dream where I had to choose between the browns and ravens and it was painful."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Hello r/Steelers,

Appologies for not releasing these sooner, I just didnt have the time to knock them out as fast as I would have liked this year. 

* Pacific: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/CbiNoJE.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/r4liQPr.png)
* Mountain: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/tFgC0vR.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/9xM5Zia.png)
* Central: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/pTwiOFb.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/Wk5U2D9.png)
* Eastern: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/XLR4VbD.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/ixc6Amj.png)

As always, credit to /u/dbeat for the original work.

Enjoy!

*Error Correction: Week 3 was listed as 11pm, corrected to 1pm. Thank you u/lizzi6692 for point this out. 

*Note I: If you notice any errors, please let me know and I’ll try to correct them as soon as possible.

*Note II: If you are having trouble viewing these at full resolution on Mobile, you are most likely viewing through a Reddit app. I recommend either viewing this sub using a mobile web browser and from there clicking the links, or downloading the Imgur app to your device and opening the links in there. These wallpapers are 3414p x 2112p and view as such when reddit apps are not interfering with that."
"Thanks for the wallpaper, but I did find an error. On the Eastern pics, the Texans game is listed as 11pm, not 1pm."
Do you have the blank background files? Or maybe a PSD for this? I’d like to update it weekly with scores if possible.
"Question: on week 2, for example, what is the box that says ""OFF MNF"" between the date and the opponent division? There are a few more of these further down the schedule and I can't figure it out.

Thanks for the work on these, definitely going to use this for my wallpaper!"
What stadium is this? Definitely not Heinz field
good cowboys fan
"These are amazing. Do you happen to have the blank backgrounds, as I'd love to change these to UK time?"
"Awesome, these are always my favorite. Thank you!"
I feel excluded as a European :(
"A psd would be great for us UK based yinzers, love it!"
Can you edit this with the new sheduale change lol. I been using the original one my fav wallpaper. Have it on android as a widget taking uo a full page lol.
"Uhhhm, is that a dirty purple ratbird crowd I see surrounding our schedule??!?"
"We made it. Just under a hour away from full on glory and all day greatness. 

What are we watching today? Who we rooting for??

LETS GO"
"Man, I love football. God damn did I miss it and spending Sundays with you weirdos. Here's to a great season"
"""Lamar Jackson. You name it he did it last season... except win a playoff game.""

I laughed."
Lol baker
"Browns first drive is an INT. Second drive is a fumble on a fake punt. 

Browns' fans might be on suicide watch by halftime."
I'm super excited for the Saints Buccaneers game I wanna see Brady in his Florida man form
Baker Mayfield has an INT on the first drive of the game. Hahahaha fuck the Browns.
Looks like 2020 is the same in one sense.  The Browns are still the Browns.
"I've lost track...was this year supposed to be the Browns year, too?"
"3rd and 41??? It really doesn't matter who their coach is, who their GM is, who their fucking QB is, they'll always be the Browns. God damn"
Baker sucks so much. I love it.
3rd and 41 jesus
"Cleveland looks awful, but fuck, Lamar looks so good. The game looks effortless to him"
"I don't think this game could have started any better. Ravens getting some great turnovers off of the Browns and Baker being stupid, yet only up by three currently."
Sad Tom is my favorite Tom
"2020's brought a lot of change to my day to day, but it's nice knowing that the Browns and Bengals are indeed still the Browns and Bengals."
I would be happy to see Cam doing well if he was on pretty much any other team.
"I’m rooting for no outbreak of Rona. 

Also whatever benefits us.

Also us."
"So on ESPN they were discussing the Arians/Brady pairing and everyone was super optimistic about how well they’re going to get along. I, for one, think we’ll see some tension once Brady realizes that Arians does not care nearly as much about protecting him as Belichick did."
Minshew is incapable of tanking and I love it. I wish he was on a better team but damn he’s fun to watch
Our defense is going to eat Burrow
Hahahahahahahahahaha bengals ahhh
Baker threw a pick on his first drive. Is anyone surprised that trash bag is picking up where he left off last year?
"Browns look like a mess. 24 points allowed in the first half plus Baltimore lost a fumble on the 7 yard line or it would be even more. Baker looks lost again like last year. Still can't utilize OBJ. Chubb and Hunt were running all over Baltimore but now they're going to have to throw all second half. 

Ravens look to be about the same as last year. Lamar with 230 total yards and 2 TDs in the first half. Tough for defenses to stop his legs, Hollywood Brown, and Andrews. Hopefully the Steelers can do it this year with the offense having a pulse and not leaving them gassed.

Bills are playing the awful Jets but Josh Allen looks great. If they can't beat out NE (whose struggling against the Dolphins) for the division this year they never will. Bills could be a serious SB threat this year although the AFC is loaded.

Colts look pretty good with Rivers and Raiders have some serious weapons with Carr looking good. Both could be playoff teams."
Ravens will be a problem this year. Time to see how we come out looking tomorrow
"All these QBs rushing for TDs today, slim Ben better get one in tomorrow"
"This Saints D is scrappy and I love it, especially since it’s against Brady"
Can’t wait to watch the Browns and the Bengals try to out-suck each other.
I sure didn’t miss Collinsworth during the off-season
"I hope Rivers continues to bring down the Colts.


I always thought he was an a-hole of a person and I hated how r/nfl tries to compare him and Ben all the time. It wasn't always the Chargers fault, it was Rivers."
"Im sorry if this is the incorrect place, but Im trying to watch games with a buddy from the UK this season. He wants to root for the Steelers cause of me.. So I'm converting one :). Anywhere I can watch the games?"
Mayfield is so terrible lmao
Good heavens the Chargers are *dreadful*!
Love to see Brady hit the turf. Was nearly a strip sack too.
"I’m not sure what I love more, seeing Brady throw a pick, getting sacked, or bitching for a penalty that he doesn’t get. It’s great when we get to see them all in one game."
this bucs game is becoming outright porn for us. brady looks terrible
I want to see some top tier bengal memes tonight boys.
HahahHahahaha bengals
"Palpatine w/o Anakin: 1-0

Anakin w/o Palpatine: 0-1"
C ya next year Cleveland 😂
Joe Burrow was sacked? Wha...how? I was told by r/nfl that he couldn't be sacked and would throw for 9000 yds and 5000 rush yds his rookie season?
Will be turning into browns/ravens at 1 and tampa/NO at 4. Let's go Browns!
Lolbaker
New year same browns
Opening drive. Baker INT. The Browns season is officially underway.
"Baker already throwing an int, Browns might just hand this game away"
Myles Garret first game back since attempting to kill Rudolph with his own helmet.
What are the browns doing??
"Marquise Brown looks good, damn"
Ooooh Ravens fumbled it. This game is gonna be fun
Browns kicker is bad
Watching some jagoffs in orange helmets play some jagoffs in helmets with a stupid bird on them. Can't remember the names...
Browns still suck lmfao.
Seriously. Not even 2020 can stop the Browns from being actual flaming garbage.
"Goddammit, Brady looks good."
BS flags followed Tom Brady to Tampa. That's nice.
And Brady gets picked off!
"haha, fucking bungles. lmao. hope the kicker is alright though"
"What a fitting season opener for the Bengals. Just wow, snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. 

Burrow has a long season ahead of him."
"If I was Burrow, I’d be pissed at Green. For all the mistakes he made the rest of the game(which lets face it could be forgiven given his rookie status), he handled that final drive very well. On a team that isn’t a complete trainwreck, he could be a great NFL QB."
I can't wait for Lamarr to try and make that throw against our secondary.
"Eagles vs The Football Team, I wanna start off slow."
Alright I was not accepted in the nfl browns ravens game thread for probably obvious reasons so I’ll be hanging out here. Go football!
Lol browns r poop
Jets still suck in case anyone was curious
Feels strange starting out season on Monday but I guess I can enjoy browns being browns atleast. Small signs of normalcy in these strange times
[deleted]
I love the Browns so much. How are they such a bad team with so much talent there..
"Bears win after some amazing fourth quarter play from Trubisky. As an adamant anti-Chicago fan living in IL, I am severely disappointed. Mostly bc I got my hopes up on Detroit actually doing something."
This is the best day ever.
That was an ugly interception by Burrow
Bungles gonna bungle
"If we win tonight, the Washington Football Team will lead the NFC East. Weird"
During the Pats game they just brought up the lack of crowd and honestly I hadn’t even really noticed. The fake crowd noise isn’t over the top or distracting and I don’t really miss the crowd shots either.
why is cowboys ram the SNF game and not bucs saints. i feel like that had more hype than this but maybe that’s just me
"Go chargers, go browns. 😎

Also rooting for the jets, jaguars, dolphins, and panthers."
Lol baker
"I remember getting a YouTube video recommended to me where Ryan Clark was losing his mind when someone else said Ben would be the 4th best QB in the AFC North. Now, I understand Browns QBs haven't had the best situation but if Ben can't AT LEAST play at the level of Baker Mayfields performance so far today, I will be very sad lol"
I’m watching Miami vs NE for the early game. Rooting for Miami of course. Will probably switch between Bengals/Chargers and Bucs/Saints for the late game and I’m pulling for the latter in both matchups.
"Siant and bucs letss see how tom bradybdoes with his new team and weapons. Also gonna watch hikights or tune in to see how joe burrow does.  I still think he had one good year the best by a qb in collegbhistory yes, but before that he was a jobady and not even a starter I belive. I wann see how he pans out if hes the real deal or not. He looks the part so far but everyone gets hyped in camp."
Trubisky is just bad
You guys winning your fantasy games?
Does Lev ball have the worst contract in the NFL? No way he’s a jet next year
"I bet Belichick’s not going to be thrilled by what Newton just did. 

Overall though, I think that once Newton’s more comfortable, the Pats are still going to be a team to worry about. And while it wasn’t as blatant as some other games, the refs are still clearly in NE’s corner."
"So can someone please explain me the bears? Trubisky is 7/17 for 107 yds vs the lions MINUS okudah. 
Cam and Jameis were on the market but you traded a 4th for big d*** nick and pay him 21 Million just to announce that trubisky is the starter? Or do I miss something here?

Nvm he did it!!!"
"Man, I’m just loving that football is back! Roll on Monday, let’s go Steelers!

How about those Jags though? Loudest I’ve heard that stadium since... ever. #thatartificialcrowdnoise"
Did the fucking Bengals already destroyed someone? Holy fuck...
Josh Rosen’s face when they showed him in the stands 😂
"I like Joe, but watching him pitch that INT is gold. Oh bengals"
Jesus Christ that hit on the kick returner was hard.
Feel bad for Burrow to have to play on the Bungles
Anyone else glad Ben got a haircut lol ???? He was looking rough last year with that cave man hair
Gotta love the Bungles Bungling it
"Baker's career path kind of reminds me of Alex Smith in his early years.  Smith kept having OC and coaching changes every year, and people kept saying how he was over rated.  Then he finally got in a situation where he was able to stay in one system for several years, and he played much better.

I can't help but wonder if Baker could be a decent QB were he in a different organization that didn't change HCs and OCs every year."
"Im pretty sure every football fan will be watching the tampa game at 430. As for the day games im going to be watching the bills jets game as i live in upstate ny, but ill also be keeping an eye on the browns ravens."
"Never change Bengals, never change."
RedZone
I’m trying to find a way to watch online but no luck
Cleveland good lord. They might even be worse than last year.
That was a bad move on Miami’s part. They should’ve gotten that snap before the 2 minute warning.
Time to see how Burrow does
Burrow starts his career with a 3 and out.
Chargers LB just suffered some sort of leg injury and it didn’t look good. He’s being carted off now.
Of course his first TD as a Buc would be rushing. Can’t have anybody else sharing the glory.
I know the Chargers have a new QB but I don’t know much about them otherwise. Are the Chargers that bad or is the Bengals defense actually decent?
"If Burrow is going to be running for TDs regularly, he needs to practice his ball spiking."
Sack #3 for Burrow.
Saints better not start making stupid mistakes now.
"One of the Bengals’ O-line just went down, that’s not good for Burrow."
Apparently the Bengals never learned a very important lesson: never get cocky when you’re losing.
"Have to give the kid credit, he’s handling this pretty well."
They need to kick this and take the chance on overtime.
E
Stream?
I know Chase Claypool will probably be a beast and I’m so pumped for Ben to be throwing his way but damn I wanted JK Dobbins and he looks outright beast mode today
"Da Bears! 

(Sorry, my Mom is from Chicago, so it’s a thing)"
Damn I wish we had taken Lamar.
"Things I've noticed

Browns - OBJ is overrated and they had a lot of self inflicted wounds. I've said this plenty of times but until the Browns get a stable FO and a decent coach no QB will develop there. There is too much talent for that team to be that ass 

Ravens - Good start but honestly didn't see a lot of improvement from Lamar. Not trying to discredit him but that Browns defense is booty butcheeks. Side note those announcers were trying really hard to make it seem like Lamar was out there throwing nothing but lasers. He had some nice passes but lets keep it real here

Buccaneers - Covid really messed this team up. Combine that with Evans being hurt and that offense line being questionable its gonna be rough for them for a couple of weeks. That LT better get his shit together or he will get Brady killed. Gronk looks pedestrian. I know he isn't a burner but man does he look slow. He just looks big and slow. Maybe that will change but right now the Bucs look a mess

Defensively though the team is solid just undisciplined in certain areas. Gave up some huge penalties due to mental lapses 

Saints - Offensively they look like a well oiled machine. Defensively they look pretty good too. The only I will say is they have to figure something out with Taysom Hill. I understand he's a swiss army knife but I think those packages have run its course."
"Anyone else having issues with Buffstream? It's either not loading or asking me to login. Never had these issues before, I also have ublock, so I shouldn't have these pop-ups."
"I've been watching it on Buff. 

Make sure you're scrolling. It was doing it to me then I realized there's like a decoy video player at the top and the actual stream towards the bottom."
I had that problem going through nflbite.com. But I got around it by going to buffstream.io/nflstreams.
"http://bfstrms.xyz/watch/nfl-red-zone

This link is working for me.. its the nfl red zone stream"
"Viprow.me has been by go to for years. Basically anything yoj could want from TV, just lots of ads to click through."
"I am at a friend's house and cannot load it on their WiFi, but can on the free Xfinity. So, knowing what I know, it's an issue with their firewall and security. And I know a lot about networks and computers."
[Best site](http://yoursports.stream/)
"I bet the over for this game, ama"
""
"Not necessarily looking for a stream just asking a question about their official app's capabilities so I hope you don't mind me posting here rather than the other subreddit.

I cut the cord recently and am wondering if getting the Steelers Mobile App would allow me to watch the games on my TV still via my Chromecast. I'm in Pittsburgh so I shouldn't have any market issues to combat. Any one have any experience with such a setup? I'm also wondering if it being MNF has an impact on viewing in their app as well. Thanks! Here we go!"
You can do a chromecast of your screen (on android at least). Anything in your phone screen will go to the TV ^be ^careful ^with ^porn ^( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I usually pull up a stream on my desktop browser (chrome) and cast the tab to my chromecast. Works flawlessly for mee
"For posterity: the Steelers app would not allow me to cast the live stream to my TV via the Chromecast, it was blocked."
How are you viewing the games now that reddit live-streaming is gone?
"Buffstream, 720p.me, NFL bite. Use duckduckgo to search for streams because I think Google blocks a lot of results for copyright reasons"
There’s some discord servers that have streaming options
DAZN in Canada.
I listen if it’s not in TV... 🤷🏻‍♂️
nbastreams.xyz
Gamepass in the uk only blacks out like 2 games a week. Ive been using that the past few years
Sunday Ticket - only $100 if you’re in college.
Buy ticket. Cheaper than going to bars.
"I work on Sundays and want to listen to the games. This year, the NFL blackedout all radio broadcasts to mobile devices. Local radio streams just loop a message that they can't stream, TuneIn no longer supports NFL, and SiriusXm, the only service that still seems to support it, requires a compatible car. Even the team app now limits the broadcast to a specific area. 

I'm pissed beyond belief. I have been stuck indoors for months, can't go to games and have to work a shitty job on the weekends, just for the NFL to shift us all by limiting our options. Does anyone have a solution?"
"TRY THIS:

The stream “blocks” are supposed to be set up by individual stations. It’s not automatic...they have to actually turn off their stream. Big stations are pros at it but the smaller ones forget a lot...or might not even know that they have to?

What I did last year is pull the Steelers Radio Network list and find 5-6 stations from small towns (the kind of small town places that might only have one guy working) and then try them in TuneIn until you find one forgets to pull down their stream."
Try a location spoofer? That's what I do
Steelers app will play their radio. I’ve used it while in the car and it’s pretty good. You may lose it sometimes but it’s solid overall.
Can you request the desktop version of the website on your phone and get around it?
Sirius has a mobile app
Can't you.listen to steelers games on steelers.com?
Can you ‘watch’ on the NFL app?
yes if you have a pair of headphones
""
"Dude looked lean first time I saw him this year...

LETS GO!!!
🤘🤘🤘🤘"
Lookin like a motherfuckin SNACKKKKK
How about Claypool showing a little chest hair??
"That's what an apha wolf looks like in sheep's clothing. 

I feel sorry for the Giants tomorrow."
"Glad to see they decided to travel today instead of tomorrow. 

The King is Back."
That is Large Benjamin
the tie clip is too high
Love that suit.
His best look yet!! Lookin fit and with the mask on I would say 10/10 GO STEELERS!!
"I’m hard.

-full homo"
I'm glad he stopped cutting his own hair
"he has been Reborn.....just like Private Pyle in Full Metal Jacket.... *Hell*, I may even *allow you* to *serve* as a rifleman in *my* beloved Corps."
"Hm... Maybe we're taking advantage of  mask mandates to swap in a different qb without anyone noticing? That could be A Luck, just saying"
[removed]
[removed]
"He wanted a specific contract. He was upfront with us.


I think it was dumb. You think it was dumb. We all think it was dumb. He made his choice and we are going to win with people that want to be here.


But yeah he kinda got what he deserved in terms of the team he landed in."
It's pretty hard to evaluate him on that offense
Why would he miss the Steelers?  He got everything he cared about from the Jets.
"He got what he wanted, which was a big guaranteed contract.

If that hamstring injury is serious and he misses more than half the games this year OR Frank Gore comes in and runs better, then he will be released.

It will be a pretty sad end to his prime.  Sat out 1 year, next year he rushes for < 800 yards ... this year = ???

However I doubt he cares.  Injuries are exactly why the players want guarantees, and I can't blame them for that."
This is a terrible take. Feel bad about it.
"Honestly, I'd welcome him back with open arms."
We'd still take him back on a Vet Minimum contract. He's got to be humbled now.
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"The Bengals and Browns losing their season openers in typically incompetent ways, reminds me that even though there is so much uncertainty in this world, some things remain the same."
"So brutal for Burrow, lol"
It was entertaining as usual to hear my browns fan dad yelling at the tv all afternoon.
Amen. But this truly means we will play down to our opponent tomorrow
Living close to Cincy hearing about Burrow on the radio ALL WEEK....this was awesome haha
"Don't forget the Lions!  They always find a way to blow a lead, fight back for a chance to win,and drop the game winning pass. ALWAYS."
Damn guess baker woke up feeling dangerous again
Low-key felt bad for Burrow lol. He looked good though.
Some things never change
""
""
I think he and the bengals end up having a Stafford/lions trajectory.
"He had a solid 1st game.  Mostly ran preset quick throws but made some plays and kept his head, too."
I actually feel bad for Bullock. Not his fault that his leg just died on the spot
"I enjoyed watching the chaos of this weekend, but it makes me scared for tomorrow"
I honestly feel bad for the kid. He's clearly talented and a good guy. I started laughing out loud watching that last drive. Just a brutal way to learn that the bungles are always gonna bungle it in the end.
Bengals gonna Bengal.
"This is a great shot. Welcome. Wait til you face a real defense.

But in all seriousness. Decent debut."
"Welcome to the Bengals 

***

posted by [@barstoolsports](https://twitter.com/barstoolsports)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eh1OzeVWkAcn7_A.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Does anyone have experience with Dhgate? How do their sizes run? I am a big dude(4xl)...I have heard elsewhere that they kind of run small, so I was thinking about ordering a size bigger. 

The only ones they have in 5xl are custom jerseys...which is OK, but there’s no place to specify name and number."
"I’ve got several from there. They run a little big, but the quality is good"
"80% of the time you end up with a good jersey, the other 20% it’s defective. I got an Artie burns one, (don’t judge me, 2016 was a different time), the sleeves are about 2x longer than they should be, it’s essentially unwearable. Buyer beware, but I think they have a return policy?"
They run a little baggier than Nike sizes. They’re worth the money. $30-40 for an almost legit Jersey you don’t have to worry about getting bud light or wing sauce on.
I haven’t ordered any football jerseys from there but the soccer shirts I’ve ordered ran HELLA small. I ordered a 3XL and it fit like a large. I haven’t ordered from there in a while because of this but I think you have to put your customization into the notes after you add it to your cart. Could be wrong about that though. Good luck
I got a 2x from there and it's actually too small for me to wear.
My tj jersey is a dhgate knockoff and it’s slightly small but im more disappointed about the stitching and embroidering than the fit
Order your Tshirt size. I usually buy XL official jerseys but DHgate larges are a little big even.
"I’ve ordered from DHGate.  Not aware of options for over 3XL, but it’s been a year or 2 since I last looked.  Tried one, ran quite small for a 3XL.  Do they have 5X now?  I may try that."
"> which is OK, but there’s no place to specify name and number.

There's usually a blurb on the page about how on the purchase screen there will be a box for you to enter in the info you want, or they will auto-message you and you can answer back with the name/number. 

As for the fit, it depends on the jersey. I've ordered from different sellers and gotten entirely different jerseys, even though all of them were supposed to be the same year. One sold me a jersey that is clearly meant to be worn over shoulder pads, but otherwise has a tighter athletic fit to not be baggy. Others have sold perfect replicas that you would get from the NFL shop. Usually most sellers will having a sizing chart, use sewing tape and get the right size."
"I’ve ordered 3 jerseys, and 2 pairs of shoes from DHgate and they’ve all came about the size I ordered them in. The jerseys I ordered a size larger cause I was scared they’d be smaller, but I ordered a 2XL and it came a 2XL. For all 3 of them lol. But I like them a lot, the only people that are gonna judge you for it are real fucking weirdos. 

Go save that money king."
"I don’t like getting fake ANYTHING but I get all my jerseys from DHGATE now, the stitching, logos, and lettering are as damn close to perfect as you will get. Highly recommend. 

Just get one from a seller with good feedback on DH, and for shipping I’ve gotten lucky and received a jersey within a week before (pretty nuts for overseas) but then sometimes it’ll take a month or two."
"It's really early, but for one of the ""GOT"" QBs Brady sure looks pretty average when the play calls aren't based on illegal footage.   


I think Brady's performance difference this year will give us all an idea of how much of an advantage filming gives  a team and how much Bilicheat ruins the NFL."
"The dude is forty fucking three, on a new team, in the season of COVID, lol. Can this sub *please* stop having such a little brother syndrome with Tom Brady?"
"It's GOAT... GOT is Game of Thrones. Also TB12 can play like a mediocre QB this year and he will still be the GOAT QB. He has won 6 Superbowls and there is no reasonable argument that diminishes that accomplishment. I hate him too but let's be real, he has accomplished more than any player in NFL history."
"Wasn't based on film, but on lineman iIllegal holding and WR/TE illegal pick rub routes.
They (and the Manning Broncos) did it so much the NFL had to backdoor make it legal by having their media partners & refs ignore it.

Eventually the entire league started running those obvious illegal pick plays on the goal line or short yardage. (except the Steelers until last few years)

Today NE ran an obvious pick play for a first down, TV ignored it, but when Miami did basically the same thing Romo was all ""pick play, pick play""."
 Now that’ll be interesting on 9/20
I’ll be blaring that shit tomorrow night in my basement
"Did you watch the games yesterday?  They pump in that crowd noise like they did for the NHL.  There's nobody in the stands, but it sounds like a regular game."
"I’m with it... “it is, what it is”. 🤦🏻‍♂️"
""
Steelers: It’s about to get a-lot worse.
I hope he grows out the beard.
[deleted]
I’d rather get my scrotum pierced than read anything else from that site
"I have no idea why anybody would write this, or post it for fake karma. I think that negates any real karma you might deserve (and I doubt you deserve any good karma)

Fuck the mods for even allowing this shit to be posted.

Seriously, Fuck. The. Mods."
"This isn't even satire... satire is supposed to be on the fringe of reality, so that you actually think more about the subject. This is just a really poorly written attempt at ""edgy"" humor or something, and it is just awful."
[deleted]
""
Love him
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
"He is just such a kind, sweet, humble young man!  Brings out my overprotective Auntie instincts"
that's awesome
Awwww I love him
"Some of these comments man

""Juju only does philanthropy when he's on camera. I can confirm this, because I've never ONCE seen a video, from a camera, of him being philanthropic without a camera around."""
"no cameras.... just someone randomly sitting there recording a homeless guy for no reason as Juju goes up and gives him food 

crazy coincidence"
[removed]
Can't wait for another perfect season from the browns!
Seeing Browns fans talk about trading OBJ and moving on from Baker is incredible
I was rooting for them today to give the ravens an L which would probably help us in the long run. About halfway through I was just frustrated and sad and I realized that’s how browns fans feel all the time.
[Stop!](https://media.tenor.com/images/424f8597b8a947167f9bbbe17f5a0d14/tenor.gif)
[Never forget](https://sicovers.com/featured/the-browns-are-back-2019-nfl-season-preview-august-26-2019-sports-illustrated-cover.html)
Browns play “football” good. Sometimes score big goal.
It's more fun to visit their sub after a loss.
"My favorite tweet ever is AB's ""just took the browns to the superbowl 🤡"""
"""play"". They're call the Browns for a reason. Especially with OBJ there now. 💩"
"OTOH, the Ravens looked good as hell. Not great."
Is THAT what they were doing?  Oh.
So how long before the NFL steps in and takes over? That amount of talent and they still ass
Kevin Stefanski has them going in the right direc...
"It is definitely a pleasure. I have a friend that’s a Browns fan that consistently discussed them as super bowl favorites each of the past 2 off seasons.  This year he basically said it’s fitting they’d go on a super bowl run in a year with no fans allowed in attendance.  That’s delusional thinking that even an optimistic Pirate fan can recognize LoL.

Go Steelers baby!"
""
THE NFL AIN’T READY FOR BIONIC BEN
"Oh, Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law

Law man has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home

Oh, Mama I can hear you a-cryin', you're so scared and all alone

Hangman is comin' down from the gallows and I don't have very long


LETTTTTTTTTT'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"OH MY GOD OKAY ITS HAPPENING EVERYBODY STAY CALM

STAY FUCKING CALM"
"Jig? Up. News? Out. Me? Finally found.

Steeler fucking football today boys.

Let’s go Ben, TJ, Heyward, Juju DJ, DJ, fuck their DJ(Daniel Jones), fuck Saquon, fuck New York, fuck the Giants and fuck the Ravens."
GAME DAY. MY BIRTHDAY. WIN OR LOSE ITS A DAMN GOOD DAY.
HERE WE GO
"I'm actually excited to see what Ben can do with this young WR core. I'm beyond stoked. I'm hoping the defense can be even better. I love a solid ass defense. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GIRLS."
"Wake the fuck up Samurai, we've got a division to burn."
MY DAWG JACK IS BACK!!!! LETS FUCKING GO
"BIG BEN IS THROWING TO JUJU SMITH SCHUSTER 

DANIEL JONES IS THROWING TO MINKAH FITZPATRICK"
The game kicks off at 00:15 Tuesday morning for me and you best believe I’m staying up for it! I cannot wait to watch us play again
Oh how I’ve missed this
"Not time to wakeup, not even bedtime yet."
"Yeeeeeeeeah buddyyyyyy. Tbh I was nearly convinced there wasn't even going to be a season, but thank God the nfl got their shit together. 2008 2.0 here we come baby!"
I MISSED THIS
Stop yelling I'm awake and pumped for the game.
"(Long inhale) 
*FINALLY*"
5 Mins early.
"LETS FUCKING GO! PRIMETIME BEN, ENGAGE!"
(sweat pant boner extruding marvelously)
bring the pain boys
Bold prediction: the Steelers' 1st TD of the season will be scored by Minkah Fitzpatrick.
God I can only be so erect.
Feels so fucking good to be able to say that. I’m working from home and I got my new fucking Joe Haden jersey on today.
Not yet!
I too am excited for game day.
WOOOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Was waiting for this, balls. NOW it’s time for Steelers football."
I’ve waited too long for Jack Lambert’s Balls  to tell me this!
My students are drawing a final sketch of a crime scene that occurred in the Steelers locker room today. Had to rep the Steelers in class today.
"Yo I’m decked out at work. Got a Steelers mask, Steelers tie, and my ID is on a steelers lanyard. LETS GOOOO"
E R E C T
"My best football friend is a Giants fan. This game comes around only every 4 years, and I need these bragging rights so very badly. LET’S GOOOO!"
"LET’S GOOOOOO!

Also, why is motherfuckers one word and mother fucking two words???"
This thread. I’ve been waiting for this.
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Already a couple Stoneys deep, cannot wait"
"He's back!!!! 

Lets fucking go!!!!"
Excited! Had to watch them for the west coast but now excited because I get to watch them as a yinzer!
I’ve been waiting to be waken up for a very long time. Thank you.
I’ve missed you my Australian brother u/jacklambertsballs
"I only wear my jerseys on game day, and putting on my color rush Watt jersey felt so god damn good. My body is ready. Gonna be a long 12 hours until game time"
"I’m not very vocal around these parts, but I’ve missed you all!!! Can’t wait for tonight!!"
Ah shiet I missed this
IT TAKES ALL OF US!  HERE WE GO!!!!
BOUGHT SOME IRON CITY BEER FOR THE FIRST TIME. CAN'T WAIT TO WAVE MY TOWEL!
"Interviewing candidates until 6 pm, then have a 40 minute drive home, with a stop for beer on the way. This evening is about to get hectic."
Is powerspike streaming tonight?
I. Could. Not. Be. More. Ready.
"I HAVE MISSED THESE SACRED WORDS SO VERY VERY MUCH.

Let's get it."
I’m soooo fucking pumped
I took today off because it's gameday. I'm looking forward to seeing the Steelers train start railroading everybody
"Dammit, I did not expect to be woken up this early from down under.  What the hell am I supposed to do for the next 9 hours?"
IS IT 7:15 ET YET??
The time has come and so have I.
I’M WOKE! #HereWeGo
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
HERE WE GO!! So pumped!
Yeah the offense is going to be fun to watch but I can't wait to see our defense after last season especially with another year under their belt. They should be insane
"“You tell em Ben’s coming, and hell’s coming with him”"
"Sadly I live in Germany now, still staying up til 1am to watch my damn Steelers tho!"
"I'll be up at 1AM sharp to watch, let's GOOOOOOOOO"
LETS GO!
God I missed seeing these post pop up on my feed LETS GET THIS WIN BOYS!
My work day is shot.   Productivity = 0
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Lettss fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOO
Daniel Jones played in 13 games in 2019. He was sacked 38 times & fumbled 18 times. Our front 7 is going to be like sharks with blood in the water. HERE WE GO!
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.

FUCK."
Came looking for this very post. Brought a tear to this lurker’s eye.
WE BACK
Finally ready to watch Big Ben play
anyone got a link to watch?
From a WFT fan to a the Steelers. Please POUND the Giants tonight for the love of god
Was looking forward to this post for quite a while... Here we go!
I missed this.
Man I miss these posts
""
"Jig? Up.
News? Out.
Me? Finally found.

Steeler fucking football today boys.

 Let’s go Ben, TJ, Heyward, Juju DJ, DJ, fuck their DJ(Daniel Jones), fuck Saquon, fuck New York, fuck the Giants and fuck the Ravens."
Another Steelers and Logic fan? My guy.
"Came here for this.


Ain't no Duck or Mason bullshit now gang. 

We're B A C K !!!"
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Just stay healthy.
"The real question is, how many touchdowns will Minkah have?  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"Two. One rushing, one receiving."
*and ladies
Not sure but Claypool gonna out the league in notice with three TD's and over 100 yards. You heard it here first!
More than Saquon.
Juju and Conner 2 TDs each and we win by 25!
"I'm playing against him in Fantasy.

I have Diontae as my flex.

So if we could go super pass heavy that'd be dandy."
None I guess. Hey juju
NONE ben gets all touchdowns. Conner is against me in fantasy football this week and the game is very close.
I have a sneaking suspicion he’s gonna get Bettis’d by Snell a time or two and have 60+ yds rushing and no tds while Snell has 3 yds and 2 tds
0
"I really hope Ben has a Rodgers-esque performance from yesterday. I think Conner gets 1 TD, Ben throws 2 TD, Boswell makes 2 FG including one to win the game with seconds left.  Defense has a turnover that gets us in FG range near the end."
None touchdowns. Hammy pull midway through 2nd qtr.
Hopefully a few but Juju is on my fantasy team so...
"You answered it in the picture, man...30"
European stuffed monkey meme.
F
/r/agedlikemilk
"None, because he’ll end up injured during the game. 

I hope not, but man the dude is injury prone."
I don't care if we win or not I just want big b to get the feel again
"Bold prediction- Connor pops off with 140 rushing yards, 2 Tds, 50 receiving yards"
1 rushing
A 2 point conversion
6-7
69
Hopefully non for my matchup sake
He needs three for me to win fantasy. Let's go!!
Hopefully 3 because I’ve got him in fantasy against Derrick Henry
Hopefully 0 cause if he scores more than 11 points I’ll loose this week on fantasy
"I hope a lot, since he's my only starting RB, I'm 15 points down, and the other person has Barkley.

It'd take a miracle, so go James."
"What are your guys' predictions for defense tonight for sacks, turnovers, and chances of a defensive TD against Danny Dimes? GL and kick their asses!"
100%. No if ands or buts. I won’t accept any other outcome.
If it’s 3rd and long just punt
My fantasy opponent has the Steelers D/ST so that pretty much confirms it
My fantasy NEEDS some defensive TDs
Threads like these make me think this will be a trap game
High
I honestly think if the giants are smart it’s going to be run game strong and quick slants to minimize the pass rush. If anything it will be a fumble or a botched lateral pass. That being said it’s the giants and they aren’t smart
"Predicting that Giants won’t score 2 TD’s, I don’t think they’ll even pass the 15 points mark"
"Honestly I'd say very low. 

I think we will be stacking the box on Saquon all night to make danny-boy throw...and get 3 picks but none for 6.

That's my prediction."
"There was a post a while back showing the giants tweet asking who the receiver of Danny Dimes first TD would be, and someone replied Minkah. I’m sticking with him"
Random.
[deleted]
Best bet is to try both during the pregame show. Maybe call someone on the phone who is watching and see which one is better synced up.
"Choose the one with ""better"" commercials"
Trying to get some ideas for the little gathering we are having.
The tears of giants fans.
"Go pick your ass up one of those premade rotisserie chickens from Walmart, giant eagle, wherever. Get a pack of restaurant style tortilla chips, Mexican shredded cheese, sour cream, corn, black beans, jalapeños. Throw the chips down on a sheet pan and then just load them up with everything. Pop them in the oven for like 10 mins at 400 degrees until the cheese is melted and the chips start to brown. Big ass tray of nachos for less than $20"
I am going to sous vide some flank steaks this afternoon and do a steak fajita spread for the boys
Bigham Tavern wings!
"Just cross-posted to our /r/NYGiants Gameday Grub Thread a few minutes ago. Feel free to join us there for ideas!


https://www.reddit.com/r/NYGiants/comments/isk06x/gameday_grub_thread_whatcha_got_cookin_for_todays/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
"Buffalo cauliflower wings and loaded fries, with some Moosehead to wash it all down"
"Leftovers, beer, and whatever's in the cupboard."
I live in Jersey. Have some friends coming by( Giants fans) for some typical smack talk. Making some lasagna and getting some Korean Wings and have some corn nuggets. Gonna be a good night
"Homemade chicken pesto pizza, it’s my favorite game day food."
"Southern Tier variety pack, meatball hoagie, and Cajun wings for me probably

but mostly beer"
Probably kraft mac and cheese and granola bars cause I’m fucking broke
"Wife took the week off (we were supposed to get married on Saturday but... 'rona...) so she decided to just keep the honeymoon time off.

She says she's making a bloody mary bar and a bunch of appetizers. 

+Spicy bourbon meatballs

+Wings

+Nachos"
Crab Rangoon pizza. It’s the best.
"Usually slam WAP (wings and pizza) on gameday but I’m on a diet right now... probably just chicken and rice, lightly salted with the tears of giants fans."
Bacon cheeseburgers with grilled onions and A1.  Couple of silver bullets. Rockin the 39 jersey I got for Christmas last year.
"We live in Philly, but for every season opener we make Primanti sandwiches. My mom is the mastermind behind the idea and has been fine tuning the ingredients for years. She's gone through several revisions. Different coleslaw recipes, ordered the fries from various pizza places to replicate authenticity. They've become pretty damn delicious in the past few years."
Fried oyster po boys
Local bars wing night so I'm going to have about 28 wangz in my mouth by halftime
"**NACHOS AND BEER!!!!!**

Than after I smoke a couple bowls I'll eat whatever my wife brings out of the kitchen.

As long as it isn't made from fucking cauliflower, LOL"
"Last time I watched the Steelers/Giants play it was on a cruise ship in the middle of the Caribbean. All the beer and wings I could eat while watching the game with a bunch of Steeler fans. Awesome time.

I suppose I'll recreate that experience... Beer and wings!"
Wings baby!
NACHOS
Mineos of course!!
"Roasted chicken, roasted potatoes, roasted green beans and cantaloupe."
Chipolte
"Beer cheese, pretzels, buffalo cauliflower"
"Toasted Ravioli, if you don’t know, they’re the fucking BOMB"
BEEF JERKEY AND PEPPERONI ZAAAAAAA!!!!!
either a 75 cent chicken pot pie or a can of soup.
I'm the only one eating kielbasa and sauerkraut?
Wings (fried and sauced) and fries (frozen...don’t judge) with a buffalo dry rub sprinkled over them.
McDonalds
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Juju's poor fingers
"Fake, his arm is bigger than that. Get out of here u dirty browns fan"
can't believe you photoshopped my arm on him
He really was addicted to porn.
[Morty?!](https://pm1.narvii.com/6610/e0dcd18e2b74c1140445d7297a10582bf9247270_hq.jpg)
Haters will say it's photoshopped
I love this. It’s so stupid.
Did ya hear?! Bens arm is better than ever. The only problem is he throws way too fucking hard now
Gives me a Armothy vibe from Rick and Morty.
Lowkey james connors arm looks like that
Looks legit to me. Let's go!
"I hate to break this down, but this picture might be photoshopped... I know it is very subtle, but I realized because no tank top has one sleeve.
Oh and by the way, Ben's arm seems smaller than what I recall..."
The Bengals are playing the Browns on Thursday night. Ben will probably get 400 yards in that game.
Quagmire!?
Holy shit is that Brady Quinn
Me after quarantine
BuT lOoK hOw FaT hE iS!!!1!1
SUPER BOWL
Funny after quarantine my right arm is the same size. Just for different reasons
He could sling it over Mt. Worshington
I'm surprised he can even put his arms straight down to his sides.
[https://i.imgur.com/OL2DlE4.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/OL2DlE4.jpg)
"I don't know guys, I think this might be photoshopped"
"i can't be upset even if we lose tonight.

I'll still be glowing with joy after what happened to Brady."
Oooo weee! That elbow hitting at a perfect right angle! LETS GOOOOO BABY!!
OMG 😳
Fuckin wanker
"Gentlemen, we can rebuild him."
I seen dis one on rick and Morty
W
Nine Lives ~~Blade~~ Ball Works
Take my strong hand..
I thought he quit porn?
Looks normal to me
Our dad is back
"""been watching some of that internet porn"""
I heard from Qanon that Pornhub was an integral part of his rehabilitation plan...
Armothy!
Porn addiction coming throughhhhhh
You people are idiots. It’s photoshopped. LMAO. Look how much they reduced his left arm. It looks lopsided and out of proportion to his throwing arm (which may have been reduced as well).
reddit is astonishingly stupid sometimes. this is one of those times.
Yeah he wishes that was is arm nice look
[deleted]
""
""
"I understand the whole point of this is to be negative, but this piece doesn't even do it well... it willfully misinterprets everything and just rehashed the same old worn out criticisms and jokes."
So all he has is political rants and doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Got it
That guy got real butthurt when he got fired from deadspin.
I’m more upset about them calling all of PA awful. We disowned central/southwest PA a long time ago
He could’ve at least researched who the QBs are on the team.
why did he mention ab going to the patriots when he only played one game for them
Lol trying to keep an old deadspin tradition alive
""
"I keep seeing history about his past posted and wanted to take a moment to address something.

&#x200B;

The point of our legal system is that everyone deserves their day in court. Only in a court, through arguments of reason and presentation of verifiable facts can someone be deemed guilty or innocent, and only there can a sentence be given. One of our founding fathers, John Adams, famously defended a group of british soldiers who were almost victims of mob justice after they were involved in firing on an unruly crowd. It would have been easy to railroad them, to allow them to suffer an injustice for the purposes of public sentiment, but there was something more important at stake and that was the perseverance of liberty.

&#x200B;

Its easy to say that everyone deserves their day in court when you think a person has been unjustly accused. It is the true measure of justice when someone receives their day in court when the opposite is assumed.  People can argue all they want about whether or not this individual was a good person or not, I don't care, it really doesn't matter. Good or bad, god only knows, we all deserve our day in court, and you don't get one when the police shoot you 3x in the back as your run away."
"If the NFL is really serious about the message of ""End Racism,"" the Steelers wearing ""Tree of Life"" on their helmets would have been a powerful message as that's the worst act of racist violence this city has seen in a long time. Especially since the league was silent after current and former players defended anti-semitism in the wake of Desean Jackson's hateful comments. Instead, the Steelers are going to wear the name of someone who shot and tried to kill someone in a drive-by that the victim identified as his attempted murderer."
Wasnt he the shooter in a drive by that almost killed someone?
"I've seen a lot of comments about how Antwon Rose is the wrong person to honor or isn't deserving of it. I think with Antwon the message is that he was a 17-year-old honors student who made a bad decision and paid for it with his life. Black kids just aren't given the same leeway to make mistakes as, say, a Kyle Rittenhouse.    

Antwon had the potential to get with the right crowd, grow past this incident, but it was taken away from him by a cowardly cop. Obviously a different story than Breonna Taylor or Philando Castile, but I don't think that disqualifies it from being told. Especially with it happening so close to home."
"This is how redditors want the police to act

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK2HTrSOo-E"
"Guys I think we are all missing the point. Everybody deserves their day in court in this country. A lot of black people are getting denied that and that’s the problem I think we are trying to highlight. I personally think police have a hard and stressful job but at the same time it’s their duty to bring people to justice in the right way. 
Go stillers"
"Truthfully, they could’ve found someone better to honor. Did he deserve to die, no. But if you run from the police when they try to arrest you for being involved in a drive by shooting, these things unfortunately happen."
David down would have been a better choice
"Antwon Rose got what they all deserved. Rosfeld may be a shitbag, but it is perfectly legal to shoot fleeing suspects (even in the back) in some situations.

From 18 Pa.C.S. 508:

""\[A Peace Officer\] is justified in using deadly force only when he believes that such force is necessary to prevent death or serious bodily injury to himself or such other person, or when he believes both that:

(i) such force is necessary to prevent the arrest from being defeated by resistance or escape; and

(ii) the person to be arrested has committed or attempted a forcible felony or is attempting to escape and possesses a deadly weapon, or otherwise indicates that he will endanger human life or inflict serious bodily injury unless arrested without delay."""
Honor a suspected fleeing attempted murderer  ...disgusting to me . Not for me...bye Steelers.
Terrible look for the Steelers. Makes my decision to not watch this season very easy.
"Talk all you want about Antwon.  The real story here is why that ""officer"" is not in jail.  That's clearly at least negligent homicide."
Was this rashard mendenhall's idea
"The fact that the Steelers are Honoring this guy like he was a Hero...is embarrassing. 

They pretend that we don't know the facts of the case. They pretend that we don't know who this guy was and what he was really into. 2020 Thug life, I guess."
""
OBJ going to the Browns wasn't surprising considering he likes shit 🤡
The Browns Dynasty = finishing 3rd in the AFC north every year
That's what happens when you have a QB and WR more interested in being celebrities than football players
Lmao the safest bet to make every year is Browns miss playoffs no matter what. Never fall for the hype. It’s been this way for decades
[deleted]
Browns do to the sport what women do to OBJ.
“James Conner will stay healthy” ☹️
Mayfield seems like a nice kid. I hope the Browns become more competitive. I'd rather see the bungles be the doormat of the division.
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Yeah calling it now. First pass is a bomb to Washington, basically saying fuck all you who doubted me. 

Did it against denver in 15 with his ac joint sprained too"
"Can an over/under be a yes/no question?

Like, over/under what?"
I dont think you know how over/under works
It'll be a bubble screen or a 3 step drop.
Over / under what?
First pass is going to be a pass to the flat. Either to Ebron or a Conner on a chip and release. My bold prediction. Hope I’m wrong and it’s a bomb to Juju for 97 yards though.
I just keep envisioning his very first throw being a long ball and just how refreshing that will be after last year.
Long bomb down the sideline to Diontae first play or a passive run with Conner.
HUCK IT CHUCK IT FOOTBALL ALL NIGHT!
over and its a flea-flicker to chase claypool
Over. His first pass will be TWO long balls
More like over/under on first long ball being an incompletion
whats the over under for how many yards his first pass will be?(not counting YAC)
I wanna see him just launch it as far as he possibly can to no one in particular
I’d say the line is 0.5. I’ll bet the under
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I expect people to be surprised at the Steelers offense. Lots of motion, maybe some jet sweeps, shovel passes, misdirection, etc."
[deleted]
Daniel jones shit stains in his pants
"From us: What's the usage of Diontae Johnson? Is he taking the next step? How are we using Ebron, since we've not really used the position well? Will our pass rush be the same without the interior threat of Hargrave?"
"For us: contain Barkley and force Daniel Jones to throw.

For giants: can their pass defense improve this year after ranking 30th last year? 

I think you’ll see Ben really air it out tonight with his new weapons. Ebron will get a TD."
"How does the Steeler's new-look IOL perform against a stout defensive line? 

* David DeCastro is out. 
   * Stefen Wisniewski, while experienced, is new to us and will be starting in his place at RG. 
   * Matt Feiler, who spent most of his career at tackle will be our starting LG. 
* The Giants have a high pedigree on DL.
   * Two first round picks in Leonard and Williams at DE. 
   * A second round pick in Tomlinson at NT.

Does Ben Roethlisberger gel with his new weapons?

* Inconsistent veterans.
   * Juju has the most snaps with Ben at over 1,600, but he also shared those with AB. Can he perform without MBC? I say yes, but we will see.
   * James Conner is a good-great RB when healthy, but has missed 11 games in his three year career so far. Can he stay healthy?
   * Vance McDonald has chemistry with Ben and is often remembered for his stiff-arm of Chris Conte, but he has a tendency to disappear. In his three seasons with the Steelers, he has had more than 50 yards just 5 times.
* New faces.
   * Diontae Johnson, while promising, has only caught 3 balls from Ben in-game.
   * Chase Claypool sounded great in training camp, but is a rookie. Can he pick up the nuances of the position and the playbook in time to be effective this year?
   * Eric Ebron seems like a fantastic free agent signing. Will he mesh with Ben?

&#x200B;

Personally, I am very optimistic about this season, as I should be. It is the day of our first game of the season! We will get answers to the questions listed above and soon. Here's to trophy #7 and an injury free season. Let's go Steelers!!!"
"Keys to the game 

Giants - Protect Daniel Jones, no turnovers. 

Steelers - Contain Barkley, who steps up at WR? 

Also Steelers O-Line gonna be different then it has been for years. Gotta see how they play."
"New pieces on the O line, can they protect the pocket?"
Stopping saquon barkley. If we stop the run we’ll win this game
Look for the winning team to score more points than the other team.
Contain Barkey. Protect Ben. That EZ
I want to see something from Eric Ebron. I think he has the potential to be the next Heath Miller  (great blocking as well as catching)
"-The amount of times we play Ebron flexed out with Vance also in the game.

-Time share at RB

-Banner at RT and our guard play

-Redzone offense with Ebron and Claypool

-Bush playing sound/avoiding over pursuit

-Dupree and Watt contain (I’m a little worried that they’ll pin their ears and go for Jones and rightfully so which will allow rushing lanes for Saquon/Jones and screens/dumpoffs to hit big)"
"Look for the Steelers on offense to try and score more than the giants.


On the opposite side, keep an eye out for the defense making stops a priority."
Your mom’s shirt off all 4 quarters
[removed]
"Two accusations, two thorough investigations, zero evidence, zero charges, 1 forever marred career."
"The one with the hotel employee was an obvious attempt at a gold-digger trying to get a piece for herself. She was bragging to her co-workers that she was going to get pregnant and have ""a little Ben"". 

The one in the bar, however, looked a lot worse. It felt like *at best* a guy trying really hard to get a girl to perform sexual favors. 

It's tough for me to cheer for the guy, but it does really seem like he's learned a lot from the stupid situations he used to put himself in."
[deleted]
"With all the injuries this season already, let's take a minute to give well wishes to both sides tonight.

No injuries pls."
"Blessed be the shoulder, ankle, and knee. Amen."
I hope Banner is ok... he was such a positive energy in the off-season.
Man jinxed it.
"My fam doesn’t have cable so will I get the game on the ESPN app on my phone/tv? I DONT have plus, just regular"
If those don’t work you can try either sportsurge.com or nflbite.com they provide you with a lot of different streams that are mostly reliable obviously some aren’t but there’s more good ones than bad
"I don’t think you can watch the game on the free version of ESPN, but Yahoo is streaming games for free this year: https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/live-video/"
""
""
"If I were guessing, him liking this tweet is less ""man I miss the Steelers"" and more ""oh yeah? watch this"" sorta thing. Not that *I* think he's gonna turn it around with NYJ, but *he* has to think he will."
"It’s not realistic from a cap perspective, but I’d LOVE to have him back. Great security blanket for Ben, we miss his pace and ability to take over games. Jets are misusing him SO poorly"
"Awful contract for the jets. Yet again, Steelers FO remains undefeated. 

All but guaranteed he gets cut in March. Just in time for us to let Conner walk.... 👀"
I'm not sure anyone could survive that coaching staff tbh
"Such a fuckin shame man, he’s so fun to watch on a real team"
He was the best RB in the league with us.
""
I would hate to lose JuJu even though our best bet is to pay the defense. Hopefully they can agree on a deal that works for both sides but there is the possibility he won’t be here next year :(
"I will be heartbroken if Juju leaves. He’s bought in to this team/city more than any other young stud WR we’ve had, but we also need $$$ for TJ down the line"
"As much as I love JuJu, if we pay him what he will likely be worth there is a big chance we wouldn’t be able to keep players who are more critical to the longterm success of the team. And not resigning AV or Conner yet makes sense, they both need to prove that they deserve to keep their spots at this point."
I mean there’s a whole period of time called the offseason where you can resign people
"I just have a feeling he is going to California. The guy likes Pittsburgh and it has been great, but he absolutely loves his family and his home. I bet we see him taking a friendlier deal in San Fran than pgh honestly."
"This f'in guy. 

If we *had* extended everyone his headline would be ""With season opener Steelers have little cap room in case of injury after spending big on dubious extensions"" 

Douche."
"With season opener hours away, expectation is Steelers aren't extending many key 2021 free agents right now. Team doesn't negotiate in-season, so Al Villanueva, James Conner, JuJu Smith-Schuster, others headed to free agency -- unless PIT can stop them first.

***

posted by [@JFowlerESPN](https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Maybe JuJu wouldn't accept it based on his current value, but he's a guy I'd have liked them to get done. If he goes off this year, we lose him or we pay him a Brinks truck."
""
">“Bill Nunn goes into Alabama A&M and he takes all the film on John Stallworth and he tells the coach, ‘I’m going to copy the film and send it to the other scouts,’ ” said Wooten, retelling the most infamous Nunn tale of all. “And to this day, he has never sent us a copy of any of those tapes. To this day.”

based"
"I didn't know his son, Bill Nunn III was Radio Raheem in Do the Right Thing.  Wouldn't it be great if Spike Lee would make the Bill Nunn Jr. movie?"
""
Dude....awesome
That’s sick man
Love em! Keep doing great work!
Those are gorgeous 😍
Those look awesome!
"These are bad ass, but we all know he'll sprain an ankle at some point."
"Very nice, the trouble is that they wont be very durable 😫"
His last game as starter.... love the guy ... just saying
"I'm at a bit of a loss here.  I'm out of market and would be willing to pay for something to dependably watch all the games this year but it seems there really isn't an option.  I'm not willing to sign a 2 year contract with directv and a 70 dollar a month subscription to sunday ticket on top of that.  Game pass only gets me the games after the fact.  And all the other stuff like sling and Fubo etc all just get me the channels for in market games but I'm on the other side of the U.S.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised by these predatory practices and blatant violation of antitrust but are my options actually either get directv for two full years with sunday ticket for a whopping 200 dollars a month or go to a bar in the middle of a pandemic to watch these games? Our options are either prohibitively expensive and binding, illegal and undependable, or profoundly irresponsible?  Am I actually understanding this right?"
"nflbite.com

Free, and you get all games :)"
"Sharing the same frustration. I live in an apartment building where I cannot switch to DirecTV if I wanted to. I am also ineligible for the standalone Sunday ticket based on my address.

I’d shell out $10-$20 per out-of-market game in a pay-per-view format. I’d pay $400+ a season for a standalone Sunday-ticket like service where I just get all games. The fact that I am willing to pay a lot of money to watch out-of-market games and I am completely unable to do so is mind-boggling.

So I’ll stream them illegally for free. Their fault, I tried to give them my money."
"There is another way, it’s still legally questionable but as far as I know it’s very unlikely to cause you any problems(and IMO it’s not really hurting anybody). You can sign up for the student version of the Sunday Ticket(which allows you to purchase the Ticket as a stand alone product for $100 for the season), all you need is the name of an enrolled student and what school the go to(all the other info can be yours). Student athlete names are public information and most of them don’t take advantage of the program."
"In some circumstances, you can get Sunday ticket without directtv. Google Sunday ticket without directtv and you can check your address eligibility. I did it the last year before I moved back to the burgh."
"https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iqpulc/looking_for_opinions_best_way_to_watch_online/

You can get a free 24 hour trial right here:

https://www.vhosting.io/cart.php?gid=1 referral code: 27042

I pay for 6 months at a time for $38, been using this particular service for about 2 1/2 years. I have others for backup, but this one is my fave. They have a discord group for customer service and they are always active.

You can use it on a PC/laptop/firestick/roku"
Reddit
There is an NFL app that I have that lets me watch games.  Check out the App Store.
"I signed up for YouTube TV yesterday. Redzone is part of the sports addon but it looks like I should be able to watch all the NFL games this season. Comes in around $80 total. CBS, FOX and NBC are included, so is ESPN and NFL network. The local affiliates will depend on what market you're in but I do get the local ones KDKA, WTAE AND WPXI. I was getting pissed trying to stream Redzone yesterday and caved."
"College students only pay $100.00 for NFL Sunday ticket that plays in the nfl sunday ticket app on your phone or smart TV.  Have any friends in college that will let you ""borrow"" their email addresses?  It has to be a legit .edu address."
"I personally believe that DirecTV should offer pay per view games as an alternative to Sunday ticket. You could  offer individual games at a price of $2-3/game for fans of a certain team who lives out of market and doesn’t want to subscribe to Sunday ticket.

Actually, the the cost of NFL Sunday Ticket($395)....divided by 32 teams = 12.34....divided by 16 games per season= $.77/game.

So,if they opened up individual games at the cost of $2/game? They would actually make more per game than they would with Sunday ticket. It would be beneficial to someone like me... who can watch every game except for when the Steelers play a home game vs an NFC opponent, and the Eagles play at the same time...Our FOX station broadcasts the Philly games.

I would gladly pay...hell... even $5/ game to catch those one or two stray games that I can’t watch."
PM and ill send you a link to my IPTV service.  Its worked flawlessly for about a year now and it has every sports event and PPV.  They have an app you can use for your phone or smart TV or you can even import the m3u into third party apps like tivimate (recommended).  You can also watch via a web portal as well.  I dont get any referral bonuses or anything (I don't think lol never looked) but I can just give you the website as it should be open for signups.
[deleted]
""
"Not complaining about this, because it's awesome and also a repost, so I've already seen it. But, can you really say ""no cameras"" when this is a video of what's happening...?"
"He's just such a solid human being.  I love the guy.  I hope he balls out this year, gets paid big time, and stays a Steeler forever.  Oh and gets at least two rings."
Love it
Is there any way I can stream tonight’s game for free? I don’t get espn through my comcast package :[
Yahoo is streaming games for free this year: https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/live-video/
Go to sites like SportSurge or buffstreamz
Sling tv trial
NFL App on mobile
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at New York Giants

MetLife Stadium- East Rutherford, NJ

Network(s): ESPN

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:19|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * *|3|13|0|10|26|
|Giants|3|7|0|6|16|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|NYG|FG|1|(10:37) G.Gano 21 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Kreiter, Holder-R.Dixon.|
|PIT|FG|1|(:54) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|NYG|TD|2|(13:54) D.Jones pass deep middle to D.Slayton for 41 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|NYG|PAT|2|G.Gano extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Kreiter, Holder-R.Dixon.|
|PIT|TD|2|(9:07) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 10 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|TD|2|(:14) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to J.Washington for 13 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|FG|4|(14:24) C.Boswell 36 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|4|(5:28) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN. PIT-Z.Banner was injured during the play.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|NYG|TD|4|(1:56) (Shotgun) D.Jones pass short middle to D.Slayton for 7 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Giants | 4 | 25 | 29 | 262 | 20 |
| Steelers | 3 | 21 | 141 | 208 | 19 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^durnig ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iszh2a/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_new_york/)
"Big Ben is one of those Cold War-era fridges you find in the corner of your grandma's basement. It's only stocked with old soda and when the compressor kicks in it sounds like a 747 taking off, yet somehow it still runs.

And I wouldn't have it any other way."
the worst thing about the masks is that we won’t get any quality tomlin faces
James “Nate Washington” Washington
"Giants: *call a run*

Steelers: So you have chosen... a loss"
"My favorite part of this game is how Ben is tricking the giants into thinking the offense is rusty with that first series.


Buckle up guys"
nervous af
"These past few months have been some of the worst of my life with depression and relapsing. Haven't had anything to get excited about for the future. Tonight is the happiest / most excited I've been in a long time. Even if we lose it's great to just watch some football and call my dad at halftime to catch up.\\

Edit: Thanks so much for all of the kind words. It really means a lot as I've been pretty isolated the past few months. Steelers football and the weather cooling down so I can stay fishing longer is one of the things that makes me really excited in the fall. Things almost feel normal."
" Bro... Zach Banner in tears right now is killing me. As Ben and all the offensive linemen come over to him and he's trying so hard not to cry. This is breaking my heart. I hope our lovveable ""Tight End"" can make it back!"
ITS HERE
"Its official. All I have to do is post one hateful comment and we immediately score.  


So, for the sake of the steelers.   


This offense is garbage.  Fire Tomlin, Bens old, Juju overrated, Connor is useless, snell is a 4th stringer most placed. DJohnson can't get open.  


All of that should be worth at least 55 points. I have done my service boys."
"You, a “normal” person: Damn Ben throw it away you jackass.

Me, an intellectual: Prime Ben is back baby!"
We’re gonna be here til midnight if there’s a commercial break after every punt
FUCK THE FLYERS!
Williams making sure Jones leaves with PTSD (Pittsburgh Traumatic Sack Disorder) tonight.
Holy fuck I did not miss the people embarrassing themselves by overreacting in game threads.
Juju my man. He protec. He attack. He get the fumble back
"Mildly poor play: ANABABSBDB SEASON OVER

Legit next play is a pick: BEST TEAM IN LEAGUE 🌟🌟"
"Do these announcers not know player names?

Schuster-Smith?
Nate Washington?"
When 38yo Roethlisberger has more rushing yards than both teams starting RB’s
Washington pushed harder on that TD than I do taking dumps during commercial breaks.
"OFFICIAL CHASE CLAYPOOL HYPE TRAIN 

CHOO CHOO"
"Rushing leader:

Snell  23

Ben  11

Everyone else on both teams combined 6"
We were all excited for this season like we forgot the heart palpitations and anger this team comes with.
"Don’t show me a crying big man, Ima start crying too"
I feel so bad for Banner
"I feel so bad for Banner, he worked so hard to get the starter job and whatever is wrong, it did not look good."
Fuck I hope Banner is okay. Genuinely seems like a great guy
Zach crying makes me sad asf.....
"“Here comes the general!” 
Washington slamming into the end zone."
"Banner, you'll always be eligible in our hearts. Rest up. We'll need you."
God seeing Zach Banner cry is heartbreaking. He’s such a great dude. This is awful.
This whole drive TJ has been a fraction of a second from a sack or forcing a fumble. No time for jones
Connor needs to pick a lane and commit
I missed that Vintage Big Ben fuck you 2 minute drills
The funny part is I think OBJ would be having a much better career if he stuck with the Giants over the 💩
Does that make Ben our leading rusher?
BEN IS BACK IN HIS ELEMENT
[deleted]
Seeing Banner on the side there breaks my heart.
Not Zach. No.
My heart is broken
Yo Alex Highsmith might be a stud
"If you’re blaming Ben already then you’re not watching out OL getting torched and guess what, the Giants are barely blitzing"
"Hey Randy, maybe Ben should keep calling the plays."
"""that's my qb!"" ❤️"
"Bud Dupree is apparent 6’4” 270 pounds
I just about to shit myself"
"Everyone who wanted to run Juju out of town in favor of Dionte might want to wait a bit longer. 

Hoping the young dude bounces back with a huge second half"
You don’t cry unless your really afraid the season is over
"Banner:(
He’s an emotional guy no matter what. Hopefully he’s just scared that it’s something big when in reality he’ll be back soon. I’m hoping and praying for that."
"Imo, a ticky tacky 5 yard penalty should never be an auto first down unless the current down yards required is 5 or fewer. That kind of penalty gives so many free bailouts throughout a season."
oh a bonus mnf game as I drunk scout the Broncos...why thank you
"I would appreciate it if we could do two good things in a row, rather than doing one good thing and then doing a bad thing before we do another good thing"
"NO ONE TRIES TO OUTDO VINCE IN A CHRISTMAS LIGHT COMPETITION AND GETS THEIR WEEK ONE QB NOT DEMOLISHED AS A CONSEQUENCE

#NOBODY"
"Live by the Ben, die by the Ben. You want those spectacular extended plays you're gonna have to eat some coverage sacks once in awhile"
"JuJu is back, Big Ben is back, Snell is here, Johnson looking legit, Washington showing up, Mapletron in the mix, Ebron sneaking in, this offense is ready to wreck some shit!"
Game. Blouses.
"So it was the QBs not juju, are we good with that now"
Call Ramon Foster
Thank you Ref commentator.
Bud is eating these dudes alive tho
Ben is S P E E D
"Eli at home telling kids ""I used to play against that Ben"""
"Hell yeah, way to quiet the crowd 😎😎😎"
I like when Large Benjamin does Large Benjamin stuff.
wtf is that squeaking? anyone else hear that? is it my tv?
"Don't panic, there's a turnover coming"
Really wish we were up by 10 instead of 9
Watching Johnson return balls is a little unnerving not gonna lie.
CAN YOU SNELL... WHAT THE BENNY IS COOKIN’
"That can't be possible tho.

r/NFL told me JuJu wasn't a #1 reciever."
Oh no banner. Was starting to put it together. Thats not good.
Love seeing Coach T and Ben coming over to talk to Banner. So sad seeing his face though
I've never seen a man frown harder
The city of Pittsburgh is gonna be heartbroken for him.
LMAO they using Madden models for stand ins?
i am not letting the new york football giants beat us
That sack was something else
And with that Ben has more rushing yards than Conner.
Mods can u set the default comment to new
Let’s just let Ben take over play calling from here on out.
I'm waiting to hear them play boos for the refs.  I want that *real* crowd experience.
Holding isn’t being called this year
if you dont like 10 second long coverage sacks you dont like steelers football that simple
It's just nice to have a defense that forces turnovers again.
Ladies and gentlemen let's all remember that this is our defense game 1 with no pre season. I'm getting chills thinking about October football.
"Bleed it down to 4 minutes, score a TD, lock in my -6 line. Thanks."
"My goddamn heart just broke for Zach Banner. He worked his ass off, became the starting RT, had a great first start, and there’s a decent chance his knee hurt blew out. Fuck"
NO! NOT MY FAVORITE ELIGIBLE RECEIVER! :(
That right tackle has been false starting all night long
Steven Nelson not having his best night after the fact he should've been an All-Pro last year.
It's been so long. I need to see Watt punch someone in the dick
So what's Duprees contract gonna look like...
"Wondering why the OL is bad?

We’re short Decastro to be fair, but we also took a top 5 RT in the AFC and moved him inside, then started a career practice squadder in his place. 

It’s either gonna take time to gel due to shortened offseason, or it’s gonna fail. But we can’t evaluate it adequately after one game"
Weak ass PI Call
BINCE DID A ZOLTAN!!!
I think I saw Jason Garret clapping after that sack
Vince Williams threw up the Zoltan
[deleted]
"Snell 5 carries 23 yards. 4.5 avg. Connor 6 for 9 yards. 1.5 avg.   


Feed. Snell. MORE."
CGI Big Ben kill it! Kill it with fire!! Oh my god that was horrifying looking.
[deleted]
"Man this Nate Washington guy seems pretty good, when did we pick him up??¿"
From Twitter:  James Washington does not skip Leg Day
I thought my speakers were dying holy fuck that hurt
That hold on TJ was unreal
They’re just letting them blatantly hold Watt
"If you had ""Cam Heyward interception"" on your scorecard, congratulations lol"
Hilton coming at him like he wants his lunch money lol
"So the linebackers are getting INTs and the cornerback is getting the sack? A little odd, but not in a bad way."
"Commercial after Commercial 

Can't say I missed this ffs"
imagine if big ben became our offensive coordinator after he retires
"Benny ""Saquan Barkley"" Snell"
"#BENNY

#SNELL

#FOOTBALL"
Can we get a BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL train going?
"Did


Did we just get a big run????"
Gotta love that realistic stadium silence.
I've missed this steelers football so much!
[deleted]
zach banner is too pure for this world
I know it's garbage time but Steven Nelson giving up 2 TDs not good.
Can we get an actual replay of that penalty or are we just going to take the refs word for it?
"Let’s go steeler nation!!!! Nervous af to see Ben today, he’ll probably be rusty at first but get into a groove. Can’t wait to see tuitt, cam, TJ and Bud against this offensive line"
Defense just bailed Johnson out
This defense is beautiful
You all see that handoff?? Elbow looked great!
A 3 & out is not what we needed after the defense was out there for two straight drives.
How long does Progressive have Baker under contract? They definitely overpaid on that deal
Everyone breathe. This is tradition to start vanilla and slow.
We've got other receivers than Connor guys
Can't wait to pair that with a 1 yard run by Conner on the next play.
"Get Conner out of there, he's killing them with his inability to do anything."
defund the refs
"Defense is still really good

Nothing to see here"
Did 🅱️ince just bring back the Buccos' Zoltan?
"Would be nice to be tied right now 


*looks at Boswell*"
Pepperidge Farms remembers when our OL was elite
"Steeler scientists used something called ""scissors"" to create this special arm jacket"
Like an elegant rhinoceros.. gallivanting
"Fuck, Washington that was fantastic"
That some farm boy strength!!!
MOTHERFUCKER BUCKED HIS LEGS LIKE A DONKEY LMAOOO
I love Nate Schuster-Smith!
Farmboy Strength is an ability some consider unnatural.
I can’t wait for tj’s first sack tonight. And bush with 6 great tackles so far. AND bud is a monster. Saquans numbers are insane
Anyone know why we haven't involved Derek Watt in the run game?
Herbstreit and Fowler are such a huge improvement from last year.
What a throw by Ben. He is so fucking back
"BENCH EDMUNDS PUT HEYWARD AT SS

ITS SO OBVIOUS TOMLIN"
Cam that was majestic as fuck
HEYWARD JUST CAUGHT A FUCKING INTERCEPTION??? LOL
CAM AND BUD SAYING FUCK YOU AND YOUR 19 PLAY DRIVE
"BIG MAN PICK

BIG MAN PICK

WE HAVE A BIG MAN PICK TONIGHT!

LET'S GO CAM!"
Massive question for earlier in that drive. Did anyone else see TJ get held harder than a newborn baby???
"Ah yes, Cam and TJ getting the first 2 picks of the season, just as I predicted"
"Oh mama, I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law..."
Hilton has a sack and Heyward has an INT. This truly is a blessed defense.
[deleted]
Legit heartbreaking that Connor is hurt again
Fuuuuuuck I love Conner's story so much but if he can't cut it this season... idk. Can't have your starting RB missing nearly have the freaking season again. #Snellyeah
"Small sample eye test

Snell > Conner"
Its a beautiful thing to see this offense and defense together at last
Good to have a competent QB again.
I love seeing this after all the juju slander last year and offseason
"BOSGOD!


Please be okay Banner."
Please tell me Banner isnt hurt. please holy shit
"Fuck dude, not Banner"
Feel bad for banner. He looked bad early on but seemed to have shored it up a bit
Oh my god seeing that look on Banner's face... Fuck man...
Damn the look on Banner's face was haunting
Finally gets the starting job and his season may be done :( that freaking sucks
That shot of Zach's crying face coming up will stay with me for a while 🥺
Good play by Haden
I almost forgot what it’s like to put up 20+points a game
Glad we signed Watt
"Damn I already love Claypool. Sliding so the clock keeps running and they can kneel, showing that emotion, making that great sideline catch. Damn it’s good to have Steelers fb back"
"No matter where you are. No matter the injustices you are dealing with. No matter how you are coping with a world of turmoil and uncertainty. No matter the crippling anxiety you carry on a daily basis...

I hope you are safe and well. And I hope that for four hours a week - with the exception of bye weeks - you can just let go of the pressures on your shoulders and cheer for the greatest football organization in the history of the sport. 

Say it with me:

HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!"
Ben has more rushing yards than Barkley. My dick is hard
Giants fan here...... Bud Dupree is a fucking savage GGs. Always respect some classic Steelers football
Feed Benny Snell
diontae johnson should be cut comments incoming
I'm sorry for doubting you Ryan Switzer
NO BEN NO LIMPING
So far... Snell over Connor
Who’s ready for a run run pass drive ft. Conner?
This is the most Steelers game ever
Can't wait to hear what pat mcafee has to say about that
I’m REALLY hoping boz isn’t foreshadowing here.
I need more Claypool !!
Man I wish we could sign Bud
If only our offense was half as good as defense
Ah good ol Ben Roethlisbamba
Did I hear Nate Washington??
"James Washington outperforming Diontae Johnson, a surprise to be sure but a welcome one"
How about Ben call the rest of the game and Randy stays in the locker room.
Juju forcing that friendly fire was a vet move
James Washington gave a hell of an effort and showed fantastic balance and drive right there. LETS GO
"For those of you who would argue with me and disagreed, this offense is not friendly to young QBs. Look at how much time Ben spends just reading the defense before the snap, making adjustments, the quick timing throws that he diagnosed would be there before the snap, the calculated risks of when to hold the ball. All of this shit is near impossible for guys like Mason Rudolph and Duck Hodges.

Please understand, the freedom Ben has under Randy Fitchner is incredible for an experienced QB who can do all these extremely high level things. But if he gets hurt again I have no doubt in my mind we are just absolutely assfucked on offense."
"A bit upset Johnson is strugging (I've got him in a few fantasy leagues too,) but it's great to see Juju on FIRE and Washington doing well!

&#x200B;

Maybe we get to see some Claypool action in the second half?"
"So happy Steeler football is back. Washington just steam rolled his ass into the end zone, I love it"
Oh my fucking god the mic feedback...
"Colquitt, a punter that doesn’t make me want to off myself"
I feel like everyone in here is a cord cutter and we are all at different timestamps in the game.
"That's just good defense by Bradberey, perfect play."
I counted 4 holding calls how many did you guys see?
How the FUCK is that not holding
No holding call on Watt??? Wtf
"Fucking Bud Dupree is going to make me miss him when we don't re-sign him...

Fuck"
Need a screen shot of cam in the air catching that ball. Lol. Pure elegance.
Fucking pay Juju
"Big al has been a liability the last 2-3 years, change my mind."
Put the nets closer to the posts so that I don't have to have a mini heart attack.
Mike Hilton you sexy fast.
i like to watch sacks more than interceptions man thats so hype
Hilton best blitzing corner in the league
How do we keep our whole defense? Can I start a gofundme to keep Bud?
This will be the #1 defense this year
Huge 3 and out. Let’s put 7 on the board and get our season started right with a W.
James “Questionable” Conner
Diontae is kinda off and still doing well
Snell not going OOB. Nice work
"It’s official, the Snell hype train is full steam ahead"
SNELLERS with the 100 yard day........No big deal
Side note is it possible to get this thread to automatically sort by new?
Juju muthafucka. Almost like he's a no 1 receiver if he has a starting qb
MAKE THAT MAN A STEELER FOR LIFE
I’m feeling pretty fucking good right about now.
Somebody check on mark madden
Goddamn it not banner.
Banner sad makes me sad :(
Damn banner crying looks bad i hope his season not over 🙏🏾
Noooo Banner.. 😭😭😭.. Hope it’s not too bad 🙏🏻
That was a beautiful swim move by Highsmith. He's gonna be a good pass rusher!
[deleted]
I don't like that this store brand Eli throwing TDs on us
Claypool with a big boy scream
Hate to see Banner go down. I think we all are rooting for him to do well. The one positive I saw was a pretty good block from Dotson on the trap play.
Protect juju at all costs
For everyone that didn't like Switzer...he sure as hell wouldn't have done that.
JuJu currently has 69 receiving yards.  Nice.
"Call me crazy but I've been kind of digging not having anyone in the crowd and being able to hear the players, snap counts, all that stuff. Some of the trash talk heard has been top notch."
I’d definitely like seeing Conner and Snell split carries. I like Conner but he’s not like a *THE guy*
Ben looks rusty but I'm sure he will shake it off after a few drives.
"Dissapointing offensive production so far, consistent bad reads and lack of blocking in the run game 

**BUT**

**THAT**

**D**

**THO**"
Conner is not the problem the o-line cannot hold onto their blocks.
Edmunds fucking whiffed that hit.
Wish I got to see that “PI” again...bullshit
Credit to the Giants there. Great play call for that situation.
BINCE
Fichtner 2: Electric Dookaloo
Bro why do we run on 2nd and 19 when we’re so fucking close to getting sacked in our own end zone
"Okay I'm as frustrated as any one else but let's look at this subjectively. We needed a preseason game, Ben certainly needed a preseason game. And if we can't have a legit preseason, what better team than the giants. Not in our division, not even in our conference. Pretty much a free game"
Fake crowd noise not really matching up.
Bud is playing his ass off
All 10 of the Giants points have been spotted to them. Their offense can’t score without an assist. So I’m still confident.
Who made this animation. Jfc
Lol that left knee was gamsemanship to set that up!
"You know Baltimore, your QB isn't the only running QB in the division."
"Good lord, how I’ve missed a Big Ben two minute drill!"
That was a great fucking drive to end the half. I honestly think we just have to give Ben some time to shake off the rust and let everyone gel during this shortened season.
Let Ben call the plays forever. That’s what we get. When Randy calls em we get first and second down runs that net 0-1 yards.
"Out of all starters in the league, Big Ben has won more Superbowls for his current team than any other QB. 

OR as /r/NFL puts it ""CaPtIan FAt fUcK leADeR oF MeN"""
Can’t help but think how much better off we’d be without that shit PI and muffed kick off return lol.
"Why does USAA advertise? Isn't it just for service members... and furthermore, wouldn't they know it's available to them? 

Seems weird that they'd advertise to the masses if the masses can't join."
Holding the Giants to -2 rushing is pretty cool
"ETHAN BRADBERRY!!!!

Oh wait, wrong subreddit."
"Love how Claypool was there, waiting for that fool to try and return that punt"
These holds are getting ridiculous
"Poetry in motion, Cam."
THAT SUCKS FOR THE GIANTS
Juju is a national treasure
"Juju really fucking putting in work...

I love him so much"
Tj will have a strip sack tonight. He’s earned it already.
Hope Big Al at least got a free dinner after getting fucked like that on national television.
Okay. It’s Minkah time
I missed Mike Hilton so much
Diontae looking like a young AB out here
"Me with Conner: I don't want to play with you anymore.

Snell to Me: Snell Lightyear to the rescue!"
"We MUST lock down Dupree, I don’t think it’s a question at this point. PAY the man"
Happy juju is best juju
I don’t want to hear any of you jokers complaining about juju
Haha I love Juju
Radio says Zack Banner is down
Ben with Juju in single coverage is money. They look damn good for a week one QB/WR duo.
Lol JuJu with the cutie-pie-lon cam celebration
Banner helped off without putting weight on right leg. Fuck
"JUJU IS BACK

HE HAS 66% OF HIS SEASON TOTAL OF TDS LAST YEAR IN ONE GAME THIS YEAR

ITS LIT"
Man hugs for Banner :(
Banner being hurt is gonna break my heart man. Hoping for the best
Please don’t let it be serious for Banner :(
I hope banner is ok
Not Banner man... take my knee. I don’t need it they much anyways
NOT BANNER :( :(
"Colts fan, I was really rooting for Banner. That is just devastatingly heartbreaking."
\#STAIRWAYTOSEVEN LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
We are with you BANNER. Come back strong my man!!!
You know this is still a two possession game. In today’s NFL it isn’t over. Let’s get a stop!
Still a two score game
Make Snell the starter even if Conner is healthy next week.
1-0 boys. Feels good to be back
I want Snell starting next week instead of Conner. He was far superior.
I LOVE EVERYBODY! HAVE A SAFE NIGHT
"Now for some Derrick ""195 yards 1/1 1TD"" Henry action."
Ben sounds like he’s changed damn. Sounds like a real leader for once.
And that's the reason why switzer was here for so long
Fuck all the juju haters. Boy is definitely a #1 receiver all day.
Unpopular opinion: Bud is legit and I really think the front office should do everything they possibly can to lock up him and Watt for the foreseeable future
Man. This sub sucks sometimes. Ben has one bad throw and we wanna shit on him. Last year should have been a lesson to you idiots.
TikTok is cancer
"This was my first game thread, I had a good time chatting with you guys. Thank you for that"
"GG r/Steelers from a Giants fan

Honestly a better game than I expected."
"If you don't like that, you don't like Steelers football."
"Defense still boner worthy, now let's see if the offense can bring me to completion.

Update: Randy Fichtner is edging me and im not happy."
"So how do we overreact if we drive down the field?


How do we overreact for a 3 and out?"
I'm about to overreact...
Run run pass. Repeat.
Looks like Minkah is our biggest offensive threat again this year
Conner gonna have a 100 yard game if they give him 50 carries tonight
It’s not obvious at all that we’re running it on 1st
Claypool is fucking huge.
remember that decastro is out so our oline isn’t at full strength
I will kidnap Mike Munchak right now. I swear to Bos. I have never seen an O line regress so much.
Randy looks like a 80 year old Jewish grandma in that mask
We give the ball to Conner and nothing happens. Hmmm I guess we’ll keep doing that until nothing happens again
Our O-line was never built to run the football when we wanted. We need the passing game as a threat to allow the running game a chance.
Does this color guy ever shut the fuck up.
"Why are we so bad at shit that shouldn't even be a concern(snapping, punt catches)? Every year there is something simple we are shit at."
oh fuck off refs
We are not getting enough pressure
Why is there a bullshit PI call on Haden every game?
Steelers need to be losing by at least 7 to get anything done.
Fuck it I guess we just don't need a replay of that PI
You know what’s next. Run run pass punt.
That’s the worst coverage from Nelson I’ve ever seen
What a great PI call lmao. Hardly even mentioned/showed it.
Fire Randy.  Out of a cannon.  Into the sun.
"Alright third and inches, time to whip out the Annexation of Puerto Rico"
Snell pass pro'd like a mf'er there.
"That better be a goddamn fluke Boz, we can’t do this bullshit again."
"We can't have all 3 phases be good at once!

That's not the Steeler way!"
New punter holding for boz. Connection not there yet
maria taylor is gorgeous
Holy fuck Vinnie he has a family!
"Christ, I missed this sub"
Vinny killed a guy
Did Vince throw up the Zoltan!?
Good god I miss munchak
really really missing Decastro right now
Yall always forget Ben starts slow. Gonna be worse with the year off and no pre-season
We need some Minkah in our lives.
Bud and Watt is all we need in life
Dupree is picking up where he left off last year.  Boy is he playing good
Oh boy that Dave and busters was cringe
Guys we’ve held one of the better running backs in the league to -8 rushing yards...
What the hell is that Ben graphic
These graphics suck
Ben hasn’t run like that in years
WITH THE GRACE OF A DRUNKEN GAZELLE!!
Was that ben or lamar jackson I couldn't tell the difference
Thought it was illegal to dive on a sliding qb
Tfw Ben has more rushing yards than Saquon
WAY TO GET IN THE ENDZONE
Run 2 minute offense rest of the game and this is a blowout
"God damn it Herbstreit, that's JAMES Washington not NATE Washington"
Nate Washington?!  Really?!  😂
Lmao Nate Washington
Is this what an offense is?
"Nate Washington??

Obiwanponder.jpg"
I love every single one of you here tonight!
Holy fuck I've missed my QB
OMG. That was priceless. Ju Ju making the Jets look like they're making a Marx Brothers movie.
We get ball back starting the second half
A QB driving right down the field? I missed this so much
The question of whether or not Ben is washed can be put away: he’s still nice with it
Weird how no one on the staff notices that we do great when Ben is calling the plays. We are going to come out the second half and do the same shit that wasnt working before.
Our run defense has me really excited. Lamar is gonna have to throw against our secondary.
"all things considered, to be ahead by 6 is a blessing LOL"
NGL. I love the early start.
-3 rushing yards in a half is the kind of defense that gets me excited in unreasonable ways
You guys defense is scary
Edmunds is the weak link
"Here’s a hint to all OC’s facing us this year, throw towards Edmunds."
Yea TJ definitely wasn’t being fucking held there or anything.
Refs swallow the whistles ffs.
Cam and Bud saving that drive
Dupree is giving me everything today
"INTERCEPTION FROM HEYWARD!!! 

GET FUCKED GIANTS! ALL THAT WORK FOR NOTHING! AB-SO-LUTELY NOTHING!!"
Lmfao absolutely devastating. 9 minutes off the clock in 19 plays just to end in a pick.
"Bud Dupree is KILLING it right now..... we all just said no matter what we lose him after this year, but I mean if he does this all year don’t we feel like we need to keep him? It’s gonna be so hard to lol"
That was definitely way cooler in cams head than it actually was lmao
Heyward leading the team in INTs.  god I love 2020
"BUD, I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT"
THANK YOU JUJU
Thank God for JuJu.
You can hear juju at the bottom of the pile yelling “let’s go”
I’m loving Snell today (fumbles happen). Dupree is amazing today. JuJu is JuJu. I want that boy to be a Steeler for life.
James Conner no helmet on the sideline. He literally last a quarter.
Steelers D line lookin good tonight. They just gotta finish. It seems like they always right at Jones’ feat.
BOZGAWD
Don't scare me like that Boz
Goddamn it fowler stop tryin to jinx us.
Thank you Boswell for not making me poop my pants
Little out of sync at time but the offense is actually looking better than I expected. Should only improve from here but we gotta play Snell over Conner and get Claypool more touches
Absolutely love those Hilton blitzes
I’m so pumped for this season. With a defense like this and Ben only warming up WATCH THE FUCK OUT NFL
Steel Curtain? Is that u?????????
Fuck all these commercials
hot take: we don't need conner with Benny Snell Football.
Big Ben making up for lost time with Johnson.
"Snell is better than Conner.

Said what I said."
Smart move staying inbounds. Just don't lose that ball
Benny took Pepper's soul out his body with that head fake
He making some enchiladas cause Snell just blistered some Peppers.
Conner has a great story and is a great guy but he's just not it. I love him but we need to move on
"For a team that normally takes 3-4
Games after a preseason to warm up. Really really not upset at tonight."
Mach snell!! Mach snell!
[deleted]
"James Conner:
You're Benny Snell!

Benny Snell:
Yes.

James Conner:
You play running back.

Benny Snell:
Yes.

James Conner:
I play running back too.

Benny Snell:
So?

James Conner:
Well, are you better than me?

Benny Snell:
Well, I've never met you, but... yes."
I truly feel bad for James Conner he's an upstanding individual who just can't catch a break from the injury bug
I’m so happy for Juju 🥰
National treasure. Juju is a national treasure.
It's so nice to see Juju having fun with football again.
"Yo if any if you go to the Giants subreddit I hope you get banned from here fr. 

Don't be Patriots fans"
Ha ha. Fuck AB.
7 beers in feeling good lol
I’d love to see Juju’s celebration playbook.
Heartbreaking to see Zach like this
NOOOO Banner!
Zach :(
"I knew it was going to be more fun in this thread than /r/nfl 

Team threads are the new hotness, game threads are busted"
Fuck man. Losing Banner hurts. Nobody works harder
Not good seeing Banner like that
Is that mcl? Seeing him crying on the bench tells me he is done. Fuck is that heartbreaking
I am gutted.
Heart is breaking for Banner.
That's a ligament tear and he knows it. Wtf. We are not deep along the offensive line. God damn it.
This officiating crew sucks.
What the flying fuck is going on down there? Did this defense fall asleep or what?
Minkah was just gonna take engram all the way down and score a td
We need to wrap this up so Ben has enough time to score again. One more TD and he overtakes Eli for 8th most career TDs.
Good to see Ola and Highsmith rotate in and get some meaningful snaps.  I love raising up new blood and giving Bud/TJ a breather.
That’s a big time pass deflection there to keep it a 2 score game
Stefan has a pec injury and Banner has a knee injury according to steelers radio
Of course juju
"""...recovered by Smith-Schuster.  Why not, he's done everything.""  Lol"
"Jesus, 18 for 112, that's a stat line"
CAN I GET A MAPLETRON CHAIN
I appreciate Danny Smith wearing a face shield only so we can all continue to observe his absurd chewing habit.
"1-0 I’ll take it! 

Prayers up for Banner"
"Juju is happy man, Ben is happy. Really shitty about Conner and Banner. Great first game back, great feelings for this season."
"It's good to be back!! 1-0 baby!!

God I've missed our boys and I've missed all ya'll too!!!"
No pressure on the QB...
I'm seeing some rust. Let's get some WD40 on the field
Good defense bois
Big win for the D right there.
What a stand by the Defense
Johnson owes those boys a steak dinner
Great to see No. 7 back out there.
Would you have early season Steeler football any other way? Jesus
"Just the first drive.

We're going to get back to normal"
Looks like the D is gonna have to light a fire under the teams ass
That is the slimmest 275lb guy I have ever seen
"In case anyone was curious, I do not recommend Hulu as a live streaming service"
"So far

Good:defense looks like 2019

Bad:offense looks like 2019"
"Bud Dupree wants to EAT after this season.

He looks fantastic"
They’re running the exact same run play to the left and it isn’t working
Conner is getting frustrated by getting absolutely NO help.
"In an alternate reality, we keep Le’Veon and Benny goes to the Jets where Elton John’s classic plays on repeat for years in New York"
#BOSGOD!!!!!
"All rust aside, Ben looks good.  Bennysnellfootball looks good & Claypool already match what I expected so great on that."
Not a fan of a Conner centric offence
Your defense looks insane so far. Love to see it
"Randy is on fucking crack with this play calling. James is getting put in terrible situations, our line is barely getting a push and ben's still getting back to the speed of the game. Let him throw it!!!"
i miss munchak
"I’ve already seen Banner, Wisnewski, and Alejandro get worked. Don’t be surprised if you see us taking Oline in the draft."
"This isn't panic. This is just thoughts so far. Connor I don't think is the back of our future. I haven't been sold him since last year. I hope he picks it up, but he just seems so indecisive. Our O-Line looks pretty bad. Hopefully its just jitters. We'll see what happens. Ben has looked good and bad, but he had a year off.   


Lets go Steelers!"
Big Ben looks good so far! Hopefully he can get a little bit of those timing issues sorted out and can stay healthy
We’ve ran on every 1st down. Every set of downs has gone to 3rd down. Our goal shouldn’t be to get to 3rd and manageable. It should be to move the chains as early as possible.
a full quarter of no one saying James Connor had cancer. I could get used to this
I grilled like 4 pounds of wings so if anyone wants one just come over. Got beer too
That was a fast af first qtr
Like that was remotely catchable
It’s still early
Wait longer to call defensive PI ref my god
"I was told there would be suffocating defense


Stapler.jpg"
We dropped only 4 guys back in coverage and STILL couldn’t get to the QB... Giants drop like 6-7 guys back and get to Ben in 3 seconds
Someone needs to explain to me why that was PI.  Cause I didn't see it.
"We’ll bounce back, way way way too early to freak out. 

These dudes haven’t played anyone in 9 months, there is bound to be rust."
Okay just because there was a BS call doesn't mean you just lay down and let them score.
"The P.I looked like bullshit, but it's a one score game. We have a HoF QB. We've  been here before. We got this boys and girls. Buckle the fuck in."
Can we please just once blow out a shit team
"“Kind of a questionable call”

PI is ALWAYS questionable. The only blatant PI I’ve seen in recent history was the one the refs **didn’t** call in Saints/Rams two years ago.

Fucking bullshit officiating."
"Conner can fuckoff, seriously."
"Stop passing behind the line of scrimmage. Period. We have good receivers, put them to work."
JU JU
EVERYONE LAUGH AT THE BUNGLES
Vince Williams destroyed him
We have an Uh-O line.
Man fuck those overpriced safety razors bro.  Get a fuckin shavette and 200 blades for like 20 bucks and be done.  Spend the money on drugs or bills or charity or strippers or drug addicted charity strippers who need to pay their bills.
"Okay, its cute when he's eligible and all but.... yeh"
This offensive line is going to be rough to watch all season.
It would be nice if our special teams players would stop launching their bodies and just fucking wrap up
Bud Dupree is playing his ass off
"Ben is showing some rust but he's also showing big flashes of his old self. Can't wait till Dotson is ready to help out this run game, we need more fire up front."
They better fucking pay Bud
Tuitt was held for like that entire play and still got the sack.
I missed this defense.
"I hate to say it, but Saquon is going to get seriously hurt if not paralyzed if he keeps jumping like that. I’m not rooting for it, but it’s Fucking stupid"
Good God thats a terrible animation
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT BEN ANIMATION
Love Schuster-Smith
Meet our new receiver Schuster Smith Juju
THE RHINO RUMBLES DOWNFIELD!!!!
OH LAWD HE COMIN
Whenever Ben runs I hear him screaming *AAAAAAAA* in a very deep voice.
Look at my quarterback run 😢
Big Boy can run!
"RPO is coming midseason when Ben is the size of the Bus, I've said it before."
Ben has more rushing yards than Conner. Lol
Mobile QBs taking over the NFL
Man I really wanna see more Claypool. Especially in the red zone. Big bodied target.
Ben was like of shit my knee...nah I’m ok in the middle of that run
"That Ben face was a smile **and** a grimace, ESPN. We know that face."
That's a GREAT effort by Washington!!!
THE SECOND EFFORT
Thats the way to fight for the goal line!
James “James Washington” Washington
That was some fucking grown ass man shit
I fucking love James Washington
Absolutely sick second effort by Washington on the TD. Let's go boys!!!
Look how much Washington's ferocity pumped up that offense.
MY BOY JAMES WASHINGTON!!!!!!! HEART OF A PLUMBER!!!!
That was nice. I'm surprised Washington stayed on his feet. Super muscles.
Lol. Nate Washington
"Hear me out, I’m still perfectly optimistic this team can be elite. We put up 16 (should be 17) in a half and we wouldn’t see that last season. Ben has gotten better each drive and the defense is still scary fast and attacking the ball. It’s so early to be down and out. We got this"
It's alarming how much better we are in 2 min situations as opposed to standard offensive sets. I wonder what the difference is...
"I'm confused from watching last year.


So we take the ball and carry it into their end zone????"
BIG BEN ROETHLISBERGER
"I knew our offensive would take some time to get back into the swing. No preseason, post injury etc. Our D tho looks fucking killer as expected."
Ben looks good. James Connor does not
"Don't hate McFarland on the desk at all, actually."
"As a CFB fan, I generally like Fowler and Herbstreit, but you can clearly tell they're college football guys"
The offense struggled most of the first half along with the muffed punt yet we still have the lead? That's not bad.
"Halftime thoughts are the Oline looks bad and the offensive playcalling has also been bad. Snell looks like he’s ready for a bigger role but I’m not ready to give up on conner either.

Giants run defense is legit, I’m shocked they’ve been swarming to the ball so effectively"
Bro.... claypool looked special....
[deleted]
espn needs to man up and let us hear the players cuss on field. NBC with hockey needs to do the same thing.
JESUS FUCK MY EARS
"I've heard of replacement refs, but replacement audio mixers? Dafuq is that feedback?"
 Why go for the home run on 3rd and 5 instead of looking for the short slant
"Snell is the perfect name for a running back, check the German translation."
I’m just glad we tried throwing it down the field
"The Steel Curtain is fooking back baby!

AAAAAHHHHH!!! F I jynxed us!"
"Of course, Terrell Edmunds is getting smoked on a play. Again."
3rd & long and steelers giving up a 1st down. Name a more iconic duo
I swear Steelers give up the most 3rd and long every year.
Edmunds behind again.
Edmunds is more of a liability than Ryan Gosling in Remember The Titans
"Hold or block in the back there, wtf refs."
Edmunds was just outran by DANIEL JONES
"Edmunds doing nothing, just staring at Jones as he runs for the first down"
Edmunds outrun by Daniel Jones
We’re making Daniel Jones look like Patrick Mahomes on this drive. Absolutely inexcusable shitty defense.
THAT’S MY FUCKIN CAPTAIN!
All that work for nothing Jones. You fucking dork lmaoooo.
Bud fucking Dupree is the best player on the field tonight
lmao that was the most awkward looking INT ever. Love Cam!
LETTTSSSS GOO CAM!
LOL jones
BIG MAN WITH A BIG CONTRACT!!!!!
YESSIR CAMMMM
"Dupree can have my children, and I am a guy"
That drive was not good for my innards.
you can drive... but you SHALL NOT PASS (the goalline)
FAT MAN INT!!!!!!
"Ok offense please have a nice slow, burning drive to give the D a break."
Cam is worth every fucking cent he's getting and I'll fight anyone that disagrees.
This fucking espn ad is dreadful
I was a Dupree hater earlier in his career but he’s been the best player on the field tonight
I don't think I've seen Minkah on the field one time tonight.  Haven't heard his name either.  What's he doing tonight?
JuJu and Bupree just saved two massive mistakes in minutes. They better stay!
Snell owes JuJu dinner.
Well thats vintage Ben. You can’t say that’s not vintage Ben. A good sign?
"Cmon Ben, just get rid of it."
AV is getting bodied
Big Al got fucking manhandled.
This game is going fast
"Wearing a conner jersey, he's not the future."
Bozdaddy
Really Boz?
Why is Boswell so trash at Kickoffs?
Hilton 🤑
Hilton bowing lmfao
YEAH YOU LIKE THAT EARLY PENETRATION DON'T YA KIRK!?
Hilton coming from the locker room to get that sack lol
Our D saved Boswell's ass from that terrible kick-off.
Hey how about another commercial
Low key love this 7:15 start time
"I love him, but we need a running back that will last a full game."
I really missed those Big Ben shotguns ngl
"Flashbacks to ""Conor had cancer"" every second play for yeeears"
WHAT A RUN BY SNELL!
Benny is looking TOUGH
Benny Snell football. Tomlin knew
Seems like Benny is gonna be RB1 for a week or two boys
Truly lemonade seltzer is fire
Benny “Benny Snell” Snell
JuJu on that beat again!
Juju and Ben are both ALL THE WAY BACK
JUJUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!
JUJUUUUUUU
Fuck all the Juju haters!!! Where you guys at?!?!
Remember all those fans saying Juju wasn't a WR1? They seem awfully quiet tonight.
JUJU PITTSBURGH’s SWEET ANGEL BOY
Lol. No one but AV came over for the celebration. The team is ready to call it a night and get home.
drink up yinzers
YES LETS GO BEN TO SMITH SCHUSTER ALL IS RIGHT
The Pittsburgh Steelers will henceforth be known as The Pittsburgh Smith-Schusters.
Schuster Smith making players
"I’m glad to see JuJu having fun again. They tried the “serious” football thing and it didn’t make a damn bit of difference. I understand not wanting them to be stupid about it if we’re getting crushed, but if the game is close or we’re up, I really see no harm in it."
Big respect for Banner and his love for the team. Speedy recovery!
seeing banner like that makes me want to cry
"Fuck not banner :(

Who’s gonna be our most eligible receiver?!"
"Shit, it has to be an ACL"
Banner's injury is bad...look at his face.
Fuck seeing banners face makes me wanna cry. I know that face
"I was so fucking hyped to see Banner be a starter this season. He was ready to go and just needed the shot. 

Heartbreaking watching him get carted off."
Fuck man not banner. That frown is so sad.
How about NOT playing prevent defense right now.
SEE YOU ALL IN MIAMI OR WHEREVER THE SUPERBOWL IS THIS YEAR.
It’s so weird seeing Jason Garret on the Giants
Has there been one holding call on their offense this whole game?
TJ chomping at the bit on that one. Daniel Jones lives to throw another play.
"Jones has PTSD (Pittsburgh Traumatic Sack Disorder), he's just throwing it to get rid of it cause he doesn't want the defenders getting anywhere near him."
Steve has looked rough
I don’t like seeing Watt get chopped
JuJu was so damn confused lol
Bad day to have a “nner” at the end of your name.
Didn't realize Snell over 100 yds.
Smell + McFarland next week hopefully
" OMG, love Claypool's awareness to slide to run the clock there!"
"Mapletron sealing the game. Time to light up the victory pre-roll. 

Know what this team is? 

We're Back! A Dinosaur Story"
3.2.1 WIN
We always come to play on Monday nights. I'm glad we continued that tradition. Bring on the broncos. I hope banner isn't as serious as they thought. Til next week peeps!
Can I just say how good it is to see Ben smiling again?
Somewhere Ryan Switzer is laughing in his Ben jersey
What a horseshit PI call that was. JFC
Phantom PI leads to a TD. Shocker
"Hey, just want you all to know, crying doesn't make you weak.

It's ok."
Ebron is on the Giants apparently
Boswell gives me so much anxiety I cannot take it
Fuck it we win I'm smoking the pre-roll.
"Good win, but it's definitely diminished by the loss of banner"
Alex Highsmith was a walk on at Charlotte 🤯
I am super nervous but my two best friends are giants fans so I'm even more nervous. LET'S GO!!!
I am here for the start of this historic 19-0 run
can’t wait for y’all to lose your collective shit and curse the entire team to hell when one player makes a minor mistake. go steelers
Anyone else think this moment would never come?
[deleted]
"Reminder to stay calm. With no preseason and Ben not throwing a football in a game for nearly a year, I expect a shaky start. Over the course of 60 minutes the better team (and particularly better defense) will prevail."
"Jones’ first pass wasn’t an interception, is our defense trash now? Oh no, I’m overreacting!!!!!"
What a tackle
Another tackle for a loss? Love to see it.
Switzer gets resigned tomorrow lmao.
"Welp, I miss Switzer already"
Switz is needed
That right there is Switzer’s value
"Soooo can all the switzer haters shut the fuck up now,"
Should have kept switzer.
Bless this defense
This defense. Fuck
"Watt on 2 of the 3 stops there with the QB hit and the pass defense that forced the QB to throw it away, basically."
"Would not give up Johnson on our return. It’s the first game, no preseason, he muffed it. But he’s shown he has the potential to be a good punt returner."
i see our offensive plays haven’t changed
Forgot we had this Santa looking fuck as OC. Like a goddamn kindergartner that just learned what patterns are. Run-Run-Pass Run-Run-Pass
A 3 and out. It's like I never left
That wasn’t even a pass. It was a lateral and a fumble recovered by the offense.
No pre-season so it will take a little time to get back to it but that wasn't encouraging
I know it’s only one drive but Jesus that play calling looked too familiar from last year
"FUCK THE OFFENSE, DEFENSE IS ENOUGH TO MAKE ME CUM."
$250 that they run it on 1st and 2nd down here
So our punt was for 39 yards btw.
Fichtner if you could draw something up besides Run Run Pass for once that would be great
Have four WRs. Keep forcing it to Connor.
conner isn’t a receiver guys
"Ok. Ben and Randy have Conner in fantasy.

Only explanation"
HE DRAGGED EM
Claypool!!! That’s a veteran play
Hell of a first career catch for Claypool!
Oh yea Claypool BB
Holy shit Claypool
Claypool > Deadpool > Liverpool > Blackpool
These Conner runs are horrific
Snell>> Conner
Connor looks kinda slow
Blocking has not been great so far
Stop forcing the ball to fucking Conner good lord
Conner is bootyhole
This OL might be a bigger problem than I expected this season
Our Oline is still awful
Our O line is not what it used to be 😣
Fuck Snell was open
Our O line looks bad. Both pass protection and run blocking. Yikes
At least Boswell is starting the season off strong for us
Oline about to be our Achilles heel this year
Limp after that incomplete pass contact SCARED me
Conner looks bad but our OL is getting manhandled
I know there's some not so good stuff there but man moving the ball even a little bit is so fuckin good to see again
This is the worst commercial in the history of advertising.
"After 1 quarter, Daniel Jones looks pretty decent."
Belichick in an ad is weird af
That wasn't PI
LMAO WOO HOO GO REFS LOL
Lotta game left
I hate this league sometimes.
Fucking joke. Bullshit penalty to a Hail Mary touchdown. Fuck sake we gotta show more concentration
Don't worry... it's Conner time!
I think refs have a quota of DPI to keep games moving. NFL is such a joke from the perspective of competitive integrity that it turns me into a conspiracy theorist.
Luckily it’s a long game
"Uh, Chris. If Minkah didn't come up that was a 100% 20 yd pick up."
Send Conner to the fucking bench please
CONNOR TO FREE AGENCY
Every year “Conner is gonna show out and have his year! We never needed Bell!” lmao
Change My Mind: Todd Haley is still secretly the Steeler OC
Is the gameplan to get Connor 40 touches then?
TJ!!
TJ WATTT
# TURN DOWN FOR WATT
Just give him DPOY already
Yeah definitely Snell is better let's keep going with Snell!
Snell should be starter: change my mind.
Watt shows again why he should’ve been DPOY.
How’d we get a delay of game with no real crowd?
Ebron showing up!
Ebron vs Peppers reminds me of Gronk vs our LBs a couple years back.
I definitely wanna see more Claypool. His first catch was enough to keep him out there on the field.
Anybody else’s ESPN stream look like shit 90% of the time?
TD JUJU!!!!!!
GOOD JUJU
boz what the fuck was that
lmao it’s always something with this team
They're doing Tiktok dances LMAOOO I LOVE IT
That was the most causal TD I've seen.
Benny Snell is a stud. You guys see that blitz pickup?
Hey. Someone tell Randy Fuckturd I mean Finchtner that throwing the ball works against a shit secondary. Let’s try doing it more
"Alright Boz, that's your mulligan"
Glad I got a 30 pack of IC light
Danny smith must have shit on an Indian burial ground
"Ben Roethlisburger: the original ""you're not supposed to be able to throw it like that"" quarterback."
"Of all the things to happen in 2020, seeing Boz miss a FG hurts the most."
LMAOO Y'ALL OVERREACTING TO BOZ MISSING AN XP
Dupree is DEMANDING his fucking money
"Member when Bud kinda sucked?


Dude seriously hit the pros and turned it on"
That playcall fooled me too
Shit. Can’t even hate. That leap was unreal.
Well. I loved Barkley at Penn State....
🅱️INCE
Jones got fucking hammered
#🅱️INCE!!!!
"VINNY VIDI VICI

BITCH"
Man it feels so good to have a defense again
Zoltannnn
Bince hit DJ like a freight train
Diontae’s getting better as the game goes on
Zoltan.
"I want Matt Canada to replace Feichtner, at least he’ll run different plays and not the most predictable offense in the NFL"
Ben isn't even going to make it to the 2nd game this year if this O line continues to perform like this.
OL looks lost when the giants bring pressure. Hoping it’s just rust
They’re just not gonna use Claypool?
Oh look villenueva being pushed all the way back again
Our Offensive line needs to step up forreal. Ben is a quick passer but fuck he still needs a second at least
"Offense looks rusty, but I'm confident they will tighten up."
"Is the theory for running on 2nd and long really ""lol they will never see this coming"""
Barkley gonna start his season in the hole for yards on the run.
Okay. Thinking positively. Our offense looks awful but we’re a missed PAT from being tied. Maybe when the rust comes off we pull away
"Again, hurdling Hilton, not all that impressive"
Espn needs to hire a new graphic designer
Schuster Smith
Shooster smith
RUN YOU OLD ASS MAN RUN
A FUCKING BEN SCRAMBLE LMAO
"Omg I forgot about ""running Ben"""
Man’s still got wheels
WON'T BE DENIED
LETS GO WASHINGTON
FUCK YEAH WASHINGTON
I MISSED YOU BEN FUCK YESSSSSSSS TOUCHDOWN MOTHERFUCKER
"Pretty sure this is the first time in over a year another team looked at our offense in the red zone, said fuck that, and called a time out."
Holy fucking shit James Washington!
WASHINGTON YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD!!
I’m HARD
WHAT A PLAY. I LOVE U BEN
"This is the way, boys.


THIS IS THE FUCKING WAY"
Love seeing a receiver fight like that!
WASHINGTON FUCKING WANTED THAT TD THAT DRIVE WAS BEAUTIFUL BABY LETS GOOOOO
fuck yeah washington
WASHINGTON MY GOD THAT EFFORT
"COUNTRY BOY STRENGTH! GO, WASHINGTON!"
#THANK YOU BOSGOD
That TD reminded me of AB getting us into the playoffs against the Ratbirds
Fuck everyone saying ben looks bed. Fuck yall
Who's nate washington?
Great balance by Washington
Washington with the grown man strength.
Revenge tour starts today.
[deleted]
Ben looking happy with the WRs
Just let Ben call all the plays!
Thats how you get Ben into a rhythm a nice 2 min drive.
Appearntly even the announcers need preseason to get names right
"Who gets the ball back at the top of the second half?

We get the ball back at the top of the second half."
Good to be back with you all
Our offense looks so good in a 2 minute drill. Idk if it's Ben calling the plays or just our guys playing better under pressure but jeez let's stop with the predictable playcalling on offense please.
"Ben's killing it, JuJu's killing it. Don't want to get ahead of myself. But here we fucking go!"
"It’s the new tall white Broncos QB, same as the old tall white Broncos QB"
The mic better stop making that noise
MY FUCKING EARS MAME IT STOP
HE ALMOST HAD THAT
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
All these gambling ads are degen as fuck
Ok I like Colquit so far
I’m glad I wasted a top fantasy pick on James Conner
Hilton got his glove. Lol.
Our D out here making Barkley look like Conner lmaooo
theres those 3rd and longs we've missed
Edmunds is... not good
Pick up the pace Edmunds.
Holy holding on TJ
Did they get rid of offensive holding this year? What the fuck
Steelers were caught so off guard by the Giants stupidity that the G-Men converted on the dumbest fourth down play ever 😂
That's looks like a holding call against the giants but okayyy
I'm seeing a ton of holding not getting called upfront
No hold?!
Fitz was the only one who saw Barkley was uncovered and came from the across the field to get him.
How is this defense so good and so...
this is kind of embarrassing... LOL
So. Much. Holding.
Let's get the stop defense. Hold 'em for three.
We need a long drive on offense the next series. Our D looks gassed.
Alright I know I've been harping on Edmunds tonight but holy shit dude he is absolutely USELESS
OH. MY. GOD. That ball hung up there for at least 7 minutes.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
GIANT BOI ENDS GIANTS DRIVE
"Can’t catch Jones, can’t mark their zone. Ridiculously bad drive from the defense. Thank fuck for Bud, saved that drive on his own."
Shades of James Harrison there
Big man with the Big interception!!! I fucking love Cam!!!
Heyward you beautiful bastard.
PICK PICK PICK!! after how many 3rd conversions?!
Cam Heyward taking Minkah's job.
Bud is on a different fucking level tonight
"On such a stupid drive with such a stupid fourth down conversion and two stupid third and long runs for first from the QB, the only way it could end was a a stupid throw that is somehow intercepted by a defensive end 😂"
Cam Heyward gonna lead the league in picks this year watch out
"Wait, Ben is actually about to pass Eli in TDs and yards vs the Giants? lol."
Relieved that it was a touchback!
JUJU!!!! Big fucking play!
I forgot how football gives me a rollercoaster of emotions
Juju having a better game today than all of last season
Juju gunna get paid
JUJU HE’S A MONSTER ..SWEETHEART ..INTELLIGENT ..HE’S FUN TOO
I finally forgive Juju for the Ravens fumble.
First down passes?! Is Ben calling the plays now?
Gooooood grief. Juju is a hero.
You have to throw it away Ben
Ben got too cocky there lol
Is it even legal for Juju to go out of bounds and then come back in?
"Said it for years, the offense only works when Ben is calling plays in hurry up"
still can’t believe juju picked that shit up under 8 giants lol
Anyone else rather see McFarland over Samuels?
"I want to see points, even if it’s a field goal here"
BOSGOD!
#BOSGOD!!!!!
Ill take it
He's back!
Was waiting for that Mike Hilton blitz!
Anyone have a image of the Zoltan hand sign that was flashed earlier on the game
Let's fucking ride bois
"Okay! Nice time eating drive for 7, Benjamin."
Checking into the Hilton!
"I'm using hulu live, and apparently I'm behind on everything. I haven't seen Boswell fuck up the kick off yet. Now I can't stay in these threads lol"
Just need to make a semi-decent long drive and get a fg. Then I'll feel safer.
Love you JC but sometimes its availability over ability and this ain't it chief.
I actually miss young Lev Bell and how he could run through small gaps and keep moving the ball downfield.
I like that we are still going to DJ.  Our coaches and Ben have faith in him.
Nice second half for Diontae
FUCKING LETS GO SNELL
"Snell yeah, brother"
I’m becoming very optimistic about this year
"Big Ben’s 2 runs for 11 yards will likely end up being more than Conner’s 6 runs for 9 yards. Meanwhile, Snell’s 100! on 15 carries is a godsend"
dOwNlOaD dRaFt KiNgS
Oh boy now Wisnewski is hurt
Juju bout to get this guap
I freaking LOVE JuJu
Back shoulder juju for a td 🤤
"As an aside, we have to have the most handsome RB corps. in the NFL."
Someone check the o line’s water
Ben and JuJu look good tonight
It’s so nice to have Ben back.  I could see this game being 10-9 and Duck or Mason trying to somehow get into FG range late.
NOT BANNER!
I think Wisniewski and Banner both went down on consecutive plays :/
Shit
Garbage time yards. So gross.
"My god the look the victory pre-roll is giving me right now from the tray...

Let's close this out defense. No more points on the board for the Giants."
Ok lets just not let them score
It’s looked like TJ has been lining up in the neutral zone all night
How satisfying is this game? It was a long year of Stiller football without Ben
wow sick garbage points guys! lol!
2 possession game
The W won’t feel as right losing Wis and Banner to potentially long term injuries. The OL was the one area besides LB we had to stay healthy at
I could probs switch to the Vegas/Dallas game now but I want to make sure we win. I trust nothing
Snell is nice 🔥
Snell is the guy
"Good job, Chase!"
THERE WE GO CHASE
Mapletron hype may be real
Love the emotion Maple
Claypool is going to be a good one.
Hope to see Snell start next week and see some more Derek Watt blocking for runs
I’m so stoked on Claypool
[deleted]
Lmao claypool putting himself between ben and whoever the giants player was
I love Claypool.
"Claypool, team player. Just sealing the win."
Danny smiths face shield hahah
"Run, run, pass

That's Steelers for ya on every first drive"
I think Conner is definitely gone after this year.
Highsmith looking real good right now
[deleted]
"Just getting off work and heading to pick up Chinese food. Already got a good sativa ground up and waiting, trying to decide if the pre-roll I got is gonna be a victory smoke.

Let's fucking go!!"
"I don't want to get too crazy based on 1 catch, but I think Claypool is going to be a hall of famer."
O Line looking absolutely dreadful so far. Not good for a QB that’s riddled with injuries and almost 40 years old. Fuck
This defense doesn't deserve us or the offense....
As weird as it is to say i miss gruden & tirico 😂
"Ok so I still have a shit ton of wings seriously guys come eat some, they're going to go to waste"
"I was hesitant at the time, but it's looking like taking Juju with my first-round fantasy draft pick instead of Diontae was a good move after all."
"The best ability is availability. As much as I love Conner, he is made of glass."
Highsmith!
"When he’s seen the field, Highsmith has looked great"
"LETS GO BABYYYYYYY! 

and fuck the Ravens"
Let the excessive drinking and yelling at men on the tv commence!
Sweet delay of game giants LOLOLOL
Lol whelp yinz wanted it. Just saying.
WATTAGE!!!!
Whew
Steel D wow
At least our D is AMAZING
BIG BENJAMIN TODD ROETHLISBERGER LETS GO
Bad mistake but the fact the defense kept them to three keeps up my faith
What a crummy handoff.  Bring on Duck!
Good old randy fichtner
Didn’t like the playcalling that drive. Damn
I just hope Big Ben has a better night than Brady did yesterday.
Claypool was wide open. Awful from Roethlisberger
No lie i thought they were gonna go dummy deep first play cause fuck it...
Need to shake the rust off. Please
Short run. Short run then rely on Ben to save them on 3rd down. Sounds about right.
Ah the old run-run-pass
Let’s go get a turnover!
Trash play calling
So much for not drinking tonight.....
"Not a fan of run run have to pass, play calling and unfortunately that is Randy’s fav set of plays"
"I have to say, Baker Mayfield is not a good QB but he sure is the MVP of commercials lol"
Time to overreact everyone
Lets go defense!
Hot damn Bud
Bud Polamalu
Well Dupree looks incredible
Dupree was hungry and served up some stuffing.
Lol watch switzer get signed tomorrow now.
I'd give Dan Quinn's left testicle for a defense this good.
Johnson scaring me with these punt handles
I am a simple man; I watch this defense perform and my dick gets hard.
Dude he’s already limping
Yinz know that Conner had cancer?!? Crazy
was he already limping? Lol
All 5 plays have been to Conner. Haven’t missed this garbage play calling one bit.
Villanueva out here getting Ben killed.
"Ben’s limping already, oof"
Ben limping literally made my heart sink jeez man
Give him a wheelchair and Let him throw from it.
WHAT A CATCH
MAPLETRON
Beautiful catch by Claypool
"Benny Snell needs more touches.

Like all of them"
"I hearby give Claypool the nickname of ""Primus"""
MAPLETRON
Let's get Snell going if Connor is cold
Give Snell more touches
fake reverse for 0 yards twice already.
Connor can't do anything when the line is letting him constantly getting hit 2 yards behind the line.
randy please pass on first downs
Anybody feel like we're trying to force the run game too much?
Conner has made zero defenders miss so far.
It’d be great if our line could fucking block
Play calling remains predictable. Offensive line is concerning
Ben needs to be protected come tf on i can’t see him go down again
This oline is not that good
Boz is still good.
"Give Ben a couple quarters to get going, not a bad start"
Blocking is ass
Welp o-line looking shaky to say the least
God what the fuck. Good job Boswell it that o is suspect so far.
At least D could breathe for a sec....
"Looks mediocre and sloppy as fuck, but better than anything we've seen since ben was in there last."
Benny > Conner I said what I said
Bosgod still got it.
Can we stop having Connor run already?
Ahhh im already overreacting to every play
"I don’t understand this commercial, the NFL never went away."
Ayy Highsmith sighting
Our defense would be much better without Edmunds but we are just gonna ignore that fact.
I’m just happy ESPN has improved their MNF coverage from annoyingly awful to acceptable. No ridiculous flying commentators.
how is that PI?
Weak flag
Bs calls starting early i see
So Slayton stretches his arm out to push away Nelson and doesn't get called for PI but Haden does? Got it.
The good news is only 3 games have to be played in September.  More to play in december
Face mask on Watt being missed ofc
Need to get to the QB quicker. Didn’t think I’d be saying that
I need a Ray Liota with Chantix commercial to cheer me up
IT IS NOT A P.I
Fucking stop feeding Conner. Dude can’t handle it.
Please stop with Conner
I’ve seen enough of Connor
"Man, whoever defends the OC is blind."
I feel like we’re gonna rip off bens face like a scooby doo episode and it’s gonna be Duck
Is fuckin Todd Haley back on our staff???
TURN DOWN FOR WATT
TJ F*cking Watt
"Tj's just like fuck it, I'll do it myself"
TJ LOOKIN LIKE A BIG OL TJ LETS GO
TJ GONE WATT
"Fuck yes, TJ! You better put 7 on the board now offense!"
That’s Benny Snell football
"Wow, it’s almost like Snell wants the job or something."
Snell is miles better than Conner
"Last year we ran the Wild Cat, this year we the run the Snell."
"Hell yes, Ebron."
How the fuck are your guys games 2-3 seconds faster than me
Snell should start
are you fucking me Boswel
So help me God if boswell starts this shit again
Looks like the 2018 Juju brought with him the 2018 Boswell.
This special teams is fine 🔥
Boswell still haunted by losing that Tic-Tac-Toe game from the Pro Bowl
god i almost forgot how many emotions i go through during these games. Nice one Bos
That one is for all you dumbshits talking shit on Ben.
What a throw off the back foot
New I jinxed us when I said at least Boz is coming through for us
I’m watching this on the Roku espn app and I’m like 70 seconds behind the comments here. Sucks.
Would love for Chris and Kirk to call more NFL games
Already a four point swing from mistakes alone.
[deleted]
"Man I hate when the stream I'm watching is delayed, I refresh during ads, and read something like Bosgod missing an extra point so now I'm just sitting here waiting for disappointment..."
Missing the PAT almost saps all the excitement out of a TD.
Bud really wants a giant contract next season
Dupree is gunna get PAID by some team this offseason
Jesus....nice catch/run by Barkley
"Alright I'll give Barkley that, but c'monnn guys we need stopping power."
He’s such a beast god damn
That's OPI!
I mean it's Saquon what do y'all expect
VINNY WITH THE EMPHASIS
Bince...
Vince Williams is deadly as a Blitzer!
HE MURDERED THAT MAN
defense is feeling it now
Jones got decked
Vince just tried to commit a murder.
Bince is a stud
"This will make the difference here, Ben can take a hit and still deliver the ball, Jones absolutely shits it as soon as someone gets close to him"
Vince in the Zoltan cult!
Is Todd Haley back? These play calls have been horrendous
We all sexually identify as a Vince Williams
"I watched Dude Where’s My Car yesterday, classic ZOLTAN"
Is it me or is Snell better than Conner?
I thought for a second that beautiful rhino was going to rumble down the field.
Banner is having a rough day looks like
Oline is soooooooo baaaaad! Ben needs more time
Shit he had that just a bad throw
Our punt coverage aren’t used to punts that far
"""special"" teams"
Man whats up with the offensive line? They don't look good and Ben needs all the help he can get with his first game back.
I thought we cut Jordan barry
"I think I've seen more flashes from the offense so far this game than the entirety of last season.

So that's good."
"Wish I could watch the live thread, fuck streaming"
How Bud didn't get that is beyond me
just missed a FF there.  Keep this up please.
Should have stopped the clock at 2:40
Dupree started that
"Man, Bud Dupree is having a good game thus far. Hopefully the NFLPA and the NFL can work out a deal to not drop the salary cap so much next year."
This front 7 is unreal
It's actually crazy how much better our defense is than our offense
Been watching off and on.  Has the defense looked solid so far?
Thank you MNF for minimal fake crowd noise. Hearing the players and coaches is so much better!
Perfect!
Tik Tok sure is trying not to get banned in the US with how many fucking ads I've seen from them within the past month.
That tiktok commercial was cringe af
"I do not like that sleeve on Ben......

That is not a good look, and gives me no confidence that elbow is healed"
Bush sliding on top of Barkley like a fucking SKATEBOARD TONY HAWK PRO SKATER BITCH
"Bush just laid Barkley out there with that hit, damn."
Why they do Ben like that???
LMAO that animation looked more like Keenan Allen than Ben
Holy shit that Ben is cursed
That graphic was terrifying
Did juju make this in fortnite?
Papa Ben telling Super Bowl stories
Nice awareness guy on the sideline. Just gonna stand here and let myself get run over.
"Washington that was fucking beautiful. 

Also am I super stoned or is this second quarter lasting forever?"
Flair petition: Scheuster-Smith
Schuster Smith????? Scuse me?!?!?
Schuster Smith these fucking announcers lmaooo
Don't have to worry about DJ catching covid....
Juju lookin good
"Conner is questionable with an ankle, you can’t make this up kids"
BEN GOT LEGS STILL
Ben “Lamar Jackson” Roethlisberger!
BIG BEN 1ST DOWN RUN
Holy shit did we trade Ben or cam Newton?
"This offense, this sparks joy."
BIG BOI ROLLIN!
Don't tell me Ben doesn't care.
No flag? Starts sliding and #59 sees that and dives forward to make sure he gets a hit.
How tf wasn’t that 15 for the hit after he slid?
Ben runs like a gazelle. so graceful
TOUCHDOWN!!!
washington a beast
WASHINGTON WITH THAT MUSCLE MOVE TO GET INTO THE ENDZONE
James Washington just proved he’s a grown ass man
Damn Washington is strong
Fuck yeah Washington!
REF CAN'T HANDLE WASHINGTON
Washington EARNED that!!!
JWash imposing his will.
WASHINGTON HOF BALLOT
"There it is!! Also, Monday night football is much more tolerable without booger..."
"NOW THATS HOW FIGHT FOR THE FUCKIN END ZONE


LETS GOOOO"
Throwback to that last second Goal line TD to AB on Thanksgiving😪
Fuck yeah. WASHINGTON with the effort
"Ben is back and it looks like the first PAT was a fluke, I’m feeling pretty good now."
Bens back yall
BENNY. SNELL. FOOTBALL.
Benny looks good this year
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
The fake (I assume) crowd sounds are really eerie.
"It's not just that Snell runs well, but he also punishes the defenders. That's what I love about him right now, he is tiring them out."
Snell is the best RB on this team by such a wide margin it’s not even funny
Snell yeah!
"Baby Watt is in!!!.


......and did nothing!"
Benny Snell 2020 MVP
Snell is better
fuck me. was hoping for a flag or something!
Run run pass punt
I am getting sick of Randy’s playcalling. Run run pass EVERY SINGLE TIME
"Hats off to Bradberry, hell of a play"
Have there been any Derek Watt sightings yet or have we not used a FB?
"Just have to say...

DeAndre Baker is a stupid piece of shit. Throwing away the astounding opportunity to be a starting NFL star...

Glad he's not playing but fuck he makes me mad."
I would’ve liked to see Anthony McFarland tonight
Conner seems to be on his way out unfortunately. I will always appreciate how he stepped up after Bell bounced on us
Bro our run defense is unreal
Edmunds fucking sucks
Get Edmunds off the team fucking shitter
Yep. Edmunds
It’s always Edmunds
If I were playing the steelers I'd rather have a 3rd and 25 than a 3rd and 2
He was army crawling lmao
Highsmith with speed
"Holding, hands to the face, holding again....

Did I miss a rule change?? Are they just allowed to that shit when they can’t stop the D-Line???"
Secondary doesn't look great tonight.
Did Bush get rid of that Coming to America haircut?
These commentators can’t stop talking about Jason Garrett.
What a drive by Jones so far.
HOLDING ON WATT????
refs so bad
"This drive is killer, should have been a punt from their end zone!"
No hold there?
Where was the holding call on that 4th down?
Jesus they're holding on every fucking play!
No QB spy assigned? Jones runs a lot when pressured.
Come the fuck on
Hey look its our second half defense!
Our secondary lacks discipline
Why are we getting clowned?
"3rd down conversion, 3rd down conversion, 4th down conversion, 3rd down conversion ..."
"come on, get a stop"
"Maybe take Edmund's out for a play, just one play. You've taken EVERY OTHER starter out why not him!????? Someone please tell me, I dont fucking understand I'm about to have a fucking STROKE"
This defense is gassed. If the offense doesn't step up this next series we might be fucked.
Heyward picked jt
CAM IS NEW CB
BUD AND CAM!!!!
CAM!!!!! Earning that contract
LETSSS GOOOO LMAOOO
Lmao what the fuck
WHO SAID THOSE WILD THROWS WOULD GET THEM INTERCEPTED?  BLESS YOU!
YESSSSSS
LOLL
FUCKIN GOTEM
LMAO Jones had such a good drive and ended with an absolute duck in the air to nobody
CAM HEYWARD HAVE MY BABY
Bend all the fucking way but don't break baby!!!
AHAHAA FUCK OUTTA HERE
BIG CAM
"It’s about time an INT showed up! It was never a question of if, but when!"
Fuck out of here Daniel Jones
"That was stupid by Jones, but man has Bud shown up tonight"
NICE 9 MINUTE DRIVE GIANTS LMAO HOLY FUCK
"Just like we drew it up, lezzgooo"
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bush and TJ are major hits. Edmunds looks like a waste if he was a 4th round selection.
Exactly how it was set up. End a 19 play drive with a Cam INT
Cam got paid and an INT? What a good week for him.
Bud Dupree is the best player on the field tonight
Remember when everyone got sick from Chipotle guac
I want to slow dance with Hayward to the Celine Dion song they keep playing.
Lol a Cam pick! Haha amazing
Bailed out again lol
That INT by Heyward was magical
That's my boy JuJu!
Jujuuuuuuu
"Oh thank fucking god... 

JuJu you can sleep over at my place anytime. Motherfucker just won a street fight for us."
MBC in shambles
Praise juju
I’d like me some more claypool
Ben being a coach now.  Feeding it to Dionte.
JU JU SMITH FUCKIN-SCHUSTER ON THE BOTTOM OF THE SCRUM
Announcers flip flopping their opinions on D Johnson every play lol
Ben never throws the ball away
AV is washed
They get like 20+ on RB screens & we can't even more than 1
"DJ redemption time, you love to see it"
zach banner is an enormous human
"The thing I am most worried about tonight is Roethlisberger is breaking no tackles, he’s not evading sacks. Something is just a little bit different."
"Booo screens, passing downfield is working"
We're effortlessly running well and getting first downs on quick passes. Perfect time for a random deep drop back.
Ok. Let’s go Boz.
Ok bos let's do this.
Don’t wanna jinx us but I think we’re the only defense this year that can stop Lamar Jackson.
Time to fire up the Fire Keith Butler train for another year!
Lololol sick kick
Good job special teams! The blunders continue
Our special teams is straight up ass tonight
A missed PAT & kicking it out of bounds. Let's just hope the lack of preseason is the reason for this.
Alright TJ time for that pick
No preseason shit like this is bound to happen
Good shit Hilton
"Saquon is not having a good time, he ain’t having a ball"
VINTAGE MIKE HILTON
They really love blitzing Hilton
Barkley completely missed that block. Great jump by Hilton as well.
Come on offense. Lets put the dagger in this game.
"Ah yes, Tyson A-looh-a-looh"
"If our offense were more put together, a SB run would be guaranteed"
"My laptop screen has suddenly taken on a pink hue

Edit: please help"
That was... Just beautiful 😌
Conner is done tbh
James Conner: The Glass Man.
Conner is breaking my heart on the sideline
There's no left ankle injury he just not good
Johnson making moves
These third down conversion are everything right now
"My ESPN app only decides to crash when the game is on, not during commercials 💞 💞"
What a fucking run Snell
That was some nice Benny Snell football just then
SNELL!
Snell yeah!
Benny Snell Football!!
Benny Snell Football
what a run
"Excellent run, excellent staying in bounds!  Snell you have grown into your job!"
Benny. Snell. Football.
"Benny Snell football, that’s the comment. No more, no less"
We Benny Snell Football boys
I could see that hole he ran through from my couch
Benny Snell Football™️
[deleted]
Only question on Conner now is do the Steelers trade him for a 6th round pick at best or just bench him for the rest of the year? No point giving a guy first-team reps in practice when he can't play more than a quarter every five weeks. Time to move on.
"Benny. Snell. Football.

Also, pls tell my phone to stop autocorrecting Snell to Smell"
Benny snell football
James Connor is Verron Haynes and Benny Snell is Willie Parker
Anyone else feel that? The worries about the offense just melting away?
"This drive gives you an example to contrast against our D to show you what can/does make them truly great. NY's D looks run down and beat, but we were still digging and being aggressive and came up with the pick on the 9 minute drive."
Giants D in shambles
JUJU T MF D
SCHUSTER-SMITH!
TD and a time killing 7:00 drive
[deleted]
THE TIK TOK DANCES KEEP COMING
And that's likely game.
Juju!!
I KNEW MY KEEPER OF JUJU WAS A GOOD IDEA
Villanueva coming over to celebrate is hilarious
JUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJU
"Great.

I just hope Giants defense isn't pure trash"
Ben is officially back.
"Idk i feel like we shouldn't be winning lol, but we are and I love it"
Welcome back ben. Nice to see you to juju!
Ok these commercials are fucking ridiculous... I don’t remember a game with this many commercials
Look like Banner's right knee gave out and he fell down to the ground in his pass set. Ugh.
I just have to say it but my gosh is it nice to have a good mnf booth again
These o-line injuries arent looking good 😬
Banner:(
Not looking good for ZB. Damn.
Holy shit I feel so bad for banner
No not Zach!
"That's a real bummer for Banner, hopefully not too serious."
Fuuuuuck. So what's our offensive line gonna look like now?
He’s still my most eligible receiver. Hope everything will be ok.
Man these online injuries could be killers
I met Banner last year and that guy was such a bright hearted dude. Hate this happened to him.
Heart broken man
"Devastating.  Hoping for the best, but that look on his face was haunting."
"Damn, that’s tough to watch. Next man up, let’s see what we got in Okorafor. Hoping for a speedy recovery for Banner."
i want our DEF to fucking decimate them these last few minutes. for ZB72 for Shazier
Wtf is this prevent shit?
Not a Steeler game without a stupid penalty
Yet they still cant identify a hold
There's been like 4 flags this game
Should have been a false start
Minkah taking him to the other end lol
Our defense seems to be good at pressuring the QB but can’t keep them from converting the 3rd. That’s gonna have to be something they look at
Steve has been not great
Good shit haden
Good play haden
Good recovery of the onside
Drew Lock we're comin' for ya.
"He did fumble, but Snell has been huge for us"
"Welcome to the team Snell. 

Get well Conner."
All hail King Henry.
"Shit, I forgot Chuks Okorafor existed.

I think we're still fine at the moment."
Tonight was worth the wait :)
Smart play young rook
Claypool for the dub
"Great play. Also, Chase with the hype scream"
"Nice couple of plays for Claypool tonight, especially that first sideline catch."
Chase the veteran!
Claypool scream approved.
Claypools stoked!
Nice play on 4th with claypool
"""Nice big void in this zone defense.""

All too familiar."
everyone hated on Switzer
Ryan Switzer died for this
Run run pass because of course.
James Conner good lord - looks so terrible
"Is it me or Conner dancing (hesitating) too much?

What I loved about him when he was younger was he hit the wholes. 

Now it seems like he is afraid to get hit."
"Giants: Can we have a run game tonight?

Steelers Defense: Ahahaha no.

Giants:

Steelers Defense: Oh wait you're serious? Let us all collectively laugh harder and tackle you for another loss."
I didn't like that. I didn't like that at all.
"Minkah did all he could and made the right read, just a shame the refs are insisting on spotting the other team 7 points against us AGAIN"
"Ben being Ben. He's got to warm up guys. Remember. BEN HASNT PLAYED FOR 10 MONTHS. Chill please. I'm about to have to avoid this sub, some of y'all are toxic as fuck jesus"
Edmunds unplugged his controller on that third down
"Fucking Bud Dupree!!!

Fuck all of you that said we shouldn’t have tagged him!"
"Screen on second and 22. 

Only Steelers."
Devin Bush finally cut off the back of his hair lol thank glob
Ok Highsmith!! That’s what I like!
That right tackle has been taking a full step before the snap the entire game.
"I tore my ACL in a similar way and am scared that’s what happened to Banner. With that said, if it’s not an ACL then it didn’t look too serious."
Anyone mocking Connor for getting hurt gets thumbed down instantly.  Fuck off with that shit
Seeing a lot of Conner hate. There’s only so much the guy can do when the giants know we’re running every first and second down.
"Here's a super early overreaction and take: No way in hell Conner gets any sort of new deal. Guy can't really catch or block, and when he runs it's nothing special. Love his story and all that, but no way he's on the team next year and sometimes I feel like having him on the field is a liability. I'd rather have Samuels out there."
Don't put Conner back in for the love of God. Benny actually is evasive.
Daniel Jones shouldn’t be dropping 40 yard TD passes on you.
#Boycottmadden
"Joe Haden and bullshit PI calls, name a more iconic duo"
Ummm yea so this is checking the boxes to be one of those games
For some of y'all that are Vinnie haters.  Dude is a beast
Thats my captain fat fuck
Samuels is just marginally worse than Conner lol
Show us the damn view from the pylon cam
Fuck it put Rudolph in at right tackle
Hey guys remember when everyone said Juju was trash because he didn't have an elite season last year
"Dude, Banner’s face. Takes the sweetness out of this lead."
"I get that we have a good lead, but I hate how the Steelers let teams get free TD’s when they have a good lead."
Highsmith looking good tonight
Nelson got burnt on two TD’s already. Let’s hope it’s just preseason jitters.
Well it’s that time again isn’t it
The disrespect to Matt Schaub not showing him on the 2004 class
Ya boy hype AF. Win.
"LETS FUCKING GOOOO, I haven't been this hyped/nervous about a sports game in forever #HereWeGo"
So good to see Ben suited up again
Happy to be back with yinz
Loved the message
What all was one the sign? Obv the “steelers against racism” but what else was that
"Are they piping in crowd noise?

Edit: definitely not a Steeler game crowd, that's for sure"
Liking our run defense. Our pass defense....not so much.
Loving Fowler & Herbstreet
Well we got them to punt. So win.
Well fuck me
"Special teams failures.  Yup, that's familiar too."
Are you fucking kidding me
Switzer
Where was TJ Watt? I saw Adeniyi was in for 3 plays.
"Ahhhh, a Steelers ST issue... FOOTBALL IS BACK BABY"
Fire switz... Oh
What the fuck just happened...
Return Switzer please
End me already
I assume It’s just my bias but I feel like we muff a ton of punts
The lack of noise is eerie
Excellent stop by the D
Nfl wr can't catch a punt
GOOD STOP D!
Sigh. At least no TD
Good d
Thank god for this defense
"OUR DEFENSE IS FAST AS F*** THOUGH, WE OK."
"Come on, I want to see this offense"
Defense still elite thank the gods
"Yay defense. Now let’s see Ben, it’s been way too long"
Our D always plays best when backed up
Wow. Defense is fucking insane
Let’s hope that was the worst play of the night. Defense bailed him out!
"The D being reliable is very nice. Little jittery to start, but solid stand there"
"Good shit Defense, best outcome out of that."
So fucking ready to see BIG BEN ON THE FIELD!
Ben's first throw is gonna be 75 yard TD
"Heart attacks are beginning early this year.

But it makes me feel ALIVE."
"That actually makes me feel better, tbh. Special teams gave them a gift but the D showed their dominance."
Big ben you magnificent bastard!!!!
WELCOME BACK BEN! GLAD TO SEE YOU AGAIN!
Nah I think that was an incomplete pass no bias
Isn't there a rule against forward fumbling recovered by the offence?
STOP RUN I WANT TO SEE BEN THROW!
I’ve missed old 1.7 ypc Jimmy
3 and out LMAO oh lawdy
"Woah, Banner is a big boy."
Please call a pass play
ITS OK. Just some rust
Gotta shake off the rust..but also didn't expect 2 runs to start the posession
Great first pass attempt.
Run run pass Fichtner in true form
Not the best drive but it’s our first offensive drive of the season... lets get goin boys
"I’d rather see a recovered fumble than an egregious Ben sack, keep him healthy please"
Yeah our playing calling hasn’t seemed to change
[deleted]
Shake the 2019 off
Just going to pretend we haven't touched the ball yet and get back to that pre-game hype joy.
Baker’s as afraid of the rain messing up the stands as he is of TJ
"Looks like the same old run run pass, with both runs getting barely anything."
I mean why are y'all surprised the offense went 3 & out. Ben is rusty especially so without a preseason. They weren't gonna come out score a TD immediately. I will agee that play calling was ass tho.
I get the saltiness but if we establish the run the Ben can sling it later
"Alright, let’s see a defensive TD!"
Fuck so close Devin
Pay that man!
OK BUD
This defense is unfair it’s so good
Bud pahlahmuhloo'd that dude
"Bud Dupree, that’s it. That’s the comment. Two back to back good plays"
"Well defense is back to dominating. Just need Ben to do Ben things.

And Conner continues to instill 0 confidence in me."
our defense is rowdy rowdy
Anyone else enjoying the vibe the D has going on?
This d makes me hard
"Ok we were just kidding on the first possession, here's the *real* first possession"
Bro johnson gonna be a nervous wreck for us the whole season right?
I know we're still starting but I hate Fitchner
Man Johnson really makes me nervous back there.
I swear ESPN runs more commercials than any other network.
I’m gonna miss Bud
Diontae was definitely making sure he didn’t double muff
Is every punt gonna make my heart race? Come on Johnson
Switzer wouldn’t have muffed that punt
Bud is looking great
"Fuck it, bring back AB solely for punt returns please ..."
Next first round is going to a punt returner
Defense looks like it's going to be doing all the work for the team
I'm starting to think we should have kept Switzer.
Let's give the offense at least a half before we bust out the pitchforks please.
I was raised a Steelers fan I’m raising my son the same way. But this game right here is personal cause his mother just so happens to be a giants fan. So what did I do???? Went and bought me and him matching juju jerseys lol. #winning
Are those on Conner or Ben?  Yikes.
Ben knows we have WRs right?
There ya go Benjamin. Limping is a good sign. He’s warm.
Ben limping... Just kill me.
Oh my god now his knee
Juju sighting finally
BEN STOP LIMPING
Ben stop limping
That's a flag if it was any other QB hit like that
ben you old man i swear to god
Why was Big Ben limping? Don't do that. Stop that.
I don't expect Conner to finish this season as our starter.
My god what a first catch
They're pressuring the fuck out of Ben jesus lol
MAPLETRON
Holy fuck Chase
Claypool...1st Down!
CLAY POOL!!!!!!
"I take it back, get hype, Chase Claypool is a Hall of Famer"
We're really missing Decastro right now
HOLY SHIT WHAT A PLAY BY TTHE ROOKIE
Claypool! What a catch !
BENNY SNELL REST OF GAME PLZ
Is that Claypool? Holy shit
Big Ben's arm looking good and Mapletron made that look fucking easy with that big ass fucking frame of his. Didn't even have to jump while the defenders are in the air.
Make Snell the #1 back
MAPLETRONNNN
Benny runs harder than Conner imo. Benny falls forward and seems to be quicker.
Lot of people way behind in here lmao
Total push off but I’ll take. Great catch to get his feet in. Snell looks quick.
Rookie receivers barely play for us this early into the season. Claypool is not like most rookies lfg
"Ok Randy we don’t have Rudolph or Duck anymore, we can throw on first down"
conner looks pissed with the play calls
"Conner with a nice catch, his hands have gotten so much better over the years."
Did Randy not get the memo that the D-line is NYs defensive strength?
Ben is getting hit way too often. Come the fuck on OL
Give Ben some time.....Dang
Conner is washed
WIZARD OF BOZ
Stop running the ball. Throw it.
This O-line is looking horrendous
Convinced conner intentionally runs into tackles
"Gotta hand it to them, G-Men are looking respectable on defense. If only they drafted a real QB, they might be dangerous."
"As long as we don’t get 2018 Boswell, our season is fine"
"That drive was better than the first, just gotta keep getting better each drive, no preseason and all that. It will all come together."
"Calm down people it’s the first game back


Rust is expected"
O-line needs to step it up
"I don’t even think conner is bad, but surely running him on every 1st down isn’t the greatest idea"
Throws are looking tight except that last one. but it's gonna take some time to get used to throwing with a guy on your waist
The o- line is playing like garbage. No pass or run blocking. They're missing their assignments. Especially in the interior.
Can our RBs just put their foots down and RUN?! Or is the O-line getting pushed back that badly so far?
"i think everyone is overreacting about the o-line, especially since we have no decastro"
D looks crisp but wondering what’s going on with our line. That rusty?
Lol I love these early ass assumptions Lolol
Hopefully our D gives Garrett nothing to clap about tonight.
bush looks much bigger
GET BELICHICK OUTTA HERE
I don’t understand the Ben hate. The line is literally giving him half a second to throw
"Just tuned in, how does big Ben look so far??"
Pretty underwhelming so far
"One thing to be encouraged about, regardless of what happens tonight, is that we are shutting down the second best RB in the league."
"Guys just cause Decastro is out doesn't mean everyone else instantly sucks. Fieler and Puncey aren't blocking well either.

Look at how good our D-line was without Tuitt last year. One guy being out shouldn't affect everyone so much if everyone else is good enough."
"""Smith the new Tight End bangs off a man.""

Are we seriously not doing phrasing?"
"Wow, we just got burnt."
"I really hope Rob King doesn't replace Bill Hillgrove when he permanently retires. 

I think i just hope Hillgrove never retires."
3rd and long conversions make or break a game.
Bro....... c’mon
No face mask for Watt?
I wish we had a real OC
Ew Madden
WE NEED AN OC
CONNER SUCKS ASS
James Conner needs to catch the fucking ball
That boy got bricks as hands
Enough of these fucking screen passes
Even the rules export says no PI
Why are we doing all these goofy ass runs?
Leveon caught everything... we were spoiled.
Trash play calling
"Conner is a one year wonder, let's just admit it"
"We have people on the offense besides Conner, right?"
9 yards on 6 carries for Conner 🔥
Fuck Fichtner
Steelers playing like Conner is a Create A Player
The play calling is so fucking bad.. you're not KC stop with all this misdirection shit
Steelers are playing their typical September football
Welp this feels like last season except with Ben 😭
please fire fichtner
Can we stop running first play every time?
"Conner already getting his ankle taped? Oh boy...

Offense needs to get something going. Still a lot of game to play."
Ben looks awful. The line looks awful. Hopefully Conner isn’t hurt. Terrible start.
Conner running like a cat chasing a laser pointer
This offense looks so unimaginative and uncoordinated.
TJ YOU MOTHER FUCKER BEAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TJ!!!
GAY FOR WATT
TJ WITH THE PICK 🤣❤️
T J W A T T
TJ U FUCKING BEAUTY
Our defense is better than our offense
Give him all the money
Thank you based watt!
"Some real innovative commentary tonight

""That's a football player making a play""

No shit"
Thank God for TJ watt
Thank you TJ.
TJ MOTHER FUCKING WATT
Benny snell is better than James Conner
That 8 yard run looked like 20 for us. lol
SNELL FOOTBALL
"Wow you mean turning up field, lowering your shoulder, and picking up positive yards is possible?!?!"
"Snell looks 3x better than Conner, not even close."
Snell looks way better
"Snell is way better than JC tonight, but why are we running every first and second down. Take a shot"
snell is clearly playing better tonight can we please stop using JC
Rested and....not ready
Ben shouldve fucking smacked that ref
EBRON
EBRON!
Bens throwing motion looks different. More sidearm
Eeeeeebroooon
It’s be funny if they piped in HEAAATH when Vance catches it.
Jujujuju
JUJUJUJU!!!!!!!!!!
That's my #1 WR
Oh no Boz
"Everybody gets 1, Boswell."
"Lmao of course after a good drive that happens. Oh well, fingers crossed we don’t lose by one"
Thats the ugliest wide open TD I've ever seen LMAO
Chris ‘Cody ‘double doink’ Parker’ Boswell
1 step forward 2 steps back
Ben 🤝 juju
"Oh come the fuck on Bosgod...

Don't fuck me like that"
Get those misses out of your system Boswell.
What’s the week one FG/ XP percentage league wide? Feel like everybody’s been bad at kicking this week
The steelers are really putting the special in special teams.
Kind of bad omen but I trust Bosgod
"Pump the brakes on the Boz hate guys, he's got a new holder in Colquitt. Granted he's a vet and should be just fine but still. Listen to Pat McAfee, the hold is real damn important"
"Random question, but is James Harrison a Hall Of Famer? I say yes"
Now that everyone is getting on Boz for missing the kick he will kick a 65 yarder
Play Snell man. He looks so much better than Conner right now.
It’s 2020 we can’t have nice things
"Fun JuJu is back? 

#HELL YEAH!"
"Doesn’t miss one all last season, misses the first one of this season. Football"
Bud playing like he wants money money
Fuuuuck we not gonna be able to keep bud he keep playing like this $$
Saquon is having his pride(and hopefully nothing else) injured this game
Why does the screen work for the other teams?
They say defense wins championships and this defense is 🔥.
"Good God, he’s fast"
"edmunds is a giant glaring weak point, especially in coverate."
Bud Dupree out there playing for some big money this offseason
Wow they have boo’s from the crowd sounds? 😂
We just gonna wait until Edmunds costs us a championship. Idc if it was OPI he still got smoked.
"Oh yea fully extended arm, Edmunds visibly forced back, good call."
Anyone get the name of that truck?
he fuckin killed him
Truck stick!
VINCE YOU DEMON
VINCENZO 🔥
Credit to TJ for that amazing smart play that led to a TD
Holy cow williams almost killed him ded
"I guess it balances out, but man, fuck these refs and their incessant need to insert themselves into the game. Just stop calling PI unless it’s blatant."
I love these blitzes/schemes we're bringing right now. Damn this D is fun to watch
Jones’ soul left his body
Damn that sack looked brutal.
Why TF would he try to return that. Diontae pls
Obligatory Danny Smith gotta go
Let’s come out and throw.
I like seeing Ola Adeniyi out there!
🅱️ince 🅱️illiams comin thru
[deleted]
Who's ready for this 70+yarder to Diontae for a quick Tudder before half?
Man this offensive line is garbage
Remember that time Conner didn't touch the ball and we scored a TD? Let's do that again..
72 was more lost than James Conner
Fuck this Oline
Banner. Woof.
That was a dangerous pass. Sheesh!
Should've known this offensive line would suck. Should have been the top priority.
Ben is fine
Man that could’ve been vintage Ben. Just too high
Running game not so much
This line play is ABYSMAL
Ebron was wide open too.
OL is sucking
Time to get Okarofar in there.  The team that drafted Banner knew he wasn't a starting olineman.
"So all we have to fix is our entire offense and special teams. 

 
 
 
 
 
 








Sweet."
That Burgers postmates commercial was stupid as burgers fuck.
Jones fighting for his life lol
Dupree is killing it.  Our defense is looking stellar.
"If we get this stop our goal should be TD, not FG before the half. That was a big problem with Randy last year."
Damn our rush defense really is something else
A little bit of Bud makes the day soo much better
The IBM Watson trade thing is shit from what I’ve seen so far
I feel like our offense picked up from where it left off last year... but with Ben! Lol
I’m assuming y’all expected MVP level Ben right away but I think he’s doing pretty well so far for his first game back. Offense is gonna take awhile to build chemistry
Devin Bush with the big hit
Would love to see a long JuJu TD right now
We get it we need a young new QB. Stop rubbing it in lmao.
Johnson needs to remember his hands next week.
That muffed punt messed with DJs head
I want to see me Claypool
DJ looks like asshole tonight. He needs to get out of his own head
Ben a little rustly on his sliding.
Fuck I missed Ben's hustle. I could cry.
It's never a good thing to see your 38 year old QB to have to run for the first down!
Did Diontae piss off a gypsy woman or is he really that bad?
Who needs Cam Newton!
Rumblin
WHITE LIGHTNING
Ben running like this is 2005... Slow cowboy we need you for the super bowl
Absolute savage
This is a good-ass looking 2-min Drill.
Clydesdale
Ben is back boys
Ben with his best Truzz impression on that scramble
Lets go!
HE STAYED UP WITH POWER JWASH
Ben has more rushing yards than Barkley
Ben is back baby
J WASH STRONGGGG MAN
JAMES! Do that every drive!
COWBOY JAMES
Jesus james
More rushing yards than Conner and Barkley combined
Holy fuck Washington!!!
"Wow, Washington looked like he was stopped in the fricken air and still pushed forward once he got back down to hte ground."
Lamar isn’t the only rushing quarterback in the AFC north
"Washington is good for a nice overpower a few times a year, usually it’s a block though"
BOSGOD! I forgive you.
I LOVE HAVING A QB!!!!!!!
WASHINGTON BEING A MAN OUT THERE!
Rusty Ben that’s played two games in 2 years actually looks pretty goated
"That was amazing. Like, a perfect 2-min rush."
Ben is my favorite QB of the last 10 years.  I dream of another Steelers / Raiders AFC championship game.  However it turns out I just want to see that shit.
Lol he just called him Nate hahahaha
The Washington bull rush!!
Nate Washington
HOLY SHIT JAMES WASHINGTON
That touchdown was courtesy of pushing hay lol
Have 19% on my phone so watch out for a big play for juju... turning my phone off now so we don't have to rely on 18
Washington should be schooling Conner.
What is wrong with the commentator ??????
I'll take that. Hopefully just rust for Johnson. He looked promising last year.
I'm all for calling Booger 'Boomer' from now on.
Kirk Herbstreit has face blindness
is this season when they decided to start adding an extra team to playoffs?
God Clowney is a monster.
Should have went for 2!
Beezer twelve washingbeard
"Anyone else notice they played Stuck in the Middle with You during the Emmys commercial? Literally starts with ""Well I don't know why I came here tonight."""
Is ESPN having a mic problem? Christ almighty my ears
Ok ray ray
Ray ray put on the jets there
Since when are we allowed to run back a kick!?!?
Holy fuck this audio
SNELL YEAH
I LOVE BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
I think Snell might be earning himself a number one spot.
Did he say Blake Snell or did the mic damage my ears?
Benny Snell Football™
Benny Snell football baby
Benny Snell J.R will be/should be RB1.
Snelly looking good
"Damn, so close to taking it to the house."
"That was actually a good play by Bradbury, but now they gotta face our D again😈"
Gotta hand that to Bradbury that was a good play
Sucks they couldn't do something there.
Sign up for Draft Kings to lose all your money
"That play aside, Washington is playing with desperation. You can tell Diontae has a lot of pressure on him and he's kind of crumbling. All while another rookie is breathing down both their necks to try and get snaps in Claypool. WR situation will be interesting to keep track of."
how i missed the 3rd down bombs
Holy shit. That was BEAUTIFUL
God it feels good to see Saquon have negative yards
WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU RUN IT? I’M DYING OF LAUGHTER
This defense eats rbs and qbs and they are well fed
Bud is putting a down payment on a private island after this game
Facemask wtf
Why are we always so bad on 3rd and long?
Im still waiting for Edmundo to actually do something **productive**
Threw right at Edmunds.
So clever by Hilton lol
Hilton you sneaky fuck.
We’re always trash at 3rd and long
Giants offense is gonna be gassed by the end of the night putting in all this work for basic gains.
Fucking Edmunds...
Edmunds lol
Edmunds is the only problem our d has
Fuckin zombie crawlin out here
"Is Edmunds slow, or did he just catch on late?"
And Terrell shows he hasn’t improved in pass coverage
"I’ve seen a lot of Ola tonight, that’s good and bad."
Hold
"""Edmunds is solid guys he's just not an all star so that's why he looks bad"""
Holding on tj?
Why was he wide open?
No holding?
Yikes this kid is torching our secondary....
What the actual fuck?
Giants best play is a blown play and a dump off to the RB
Are you fucking kidding
Watt was blocked in the back on that 4th down conversion.
Four third down conversions in a row. What the heck.
Can we put a spy on Jones on third down or something?
No TJ or bud in on 3rd down. Fucking insane
Is Edmunds playing LB
"I'm gaining respect for Jones with this game. His O-line is doing him no favors and he's somehow, frustratingly, surviving."
Why can't we get to this man...
Adenyi needs to make that sack
This drive’s a killer. Defense getting tired
Embarrassing drive
Bruh how many 3rd conversions is that on one drive
This is a crushing drive. How the fuck
HE GUESSED IT
LETS GOOOO
HAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH HEYWARD!
"TUITTTTTTT!

EDIT: HEYWAAAAAAAAARD! (God dammit, could’ve sworn that was a 91, not a 97)"
LETS GO THATS HUGE
Bend don't break
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA
I wasn't worried.
Well that was a much better end to this drive than I was expecting!
HEYWARD!!!!!!!
Fuck YES DUPREE
HEYWARD
YAAASSSSSSSSS. NICE WORK DUPREE!!
Thank you for that
Heyward!!
Pay Cam!!! paid
Well.....that was good
Cam like catch the ball catch the ball catch the ball
Holy shit..... This defense
Cam you forgot step 2. Run that 100 yds back
Watt and Heyward picks. Totally saw that coming
"JFC, that drive."
"Giants offense gassed.


Steeler D 7D chess"
Heyyy I called that turnover
I thought they were going to call a safety against us for Cam having his feet slightly out of the end zone and then falling in
hopefully offense at least gives our d some rest
These past two years have caused me to go from resenting Bud Dupree to absolutely loving him and watch him fly around the field each play.
"Also, Bud has finally  been playing like I've had him play in Madden."
HOLD ON TO THE FUCKING BALL
Juju thank god
Juju is fucking EATING
"JuJu and Bud


Players of the game so far"
THANK YOU JUJU!
Juju out grabbing 5 Giants
Juju 😢❤
wait is that allowed? u can step out of bounds and still recover the fumble? is that a dumb question
JuJu vs all of New York lol!
"I don’t trust a single WR or RB when it comes to ball security, I’ve been hurt too many times"
Guess who? #78
Way to redeem yourself Diontae
The frustrating part of having Ben back... *sigh*
Why does Ben never throw away the ball
"Beautiful placement Ben



Good sell johnson"
throw it away next time
Could have easily thrown that away...
"Samuels in the game 

100% not running the ball...quit with him"
They are sitting on screen plays.
Villanueva got put on skates
"RBscreen on 2nd and 22

There’s the fichtner we know"
Wizard
I screamed
Praise be
I'm ready for the weekly game changing play by Minkah
"Man I really wish the NFL could do something different than coming back from commercials for 1 play, then going right back to commericals after the play is done. Like this is ridiculous"
Baker been working on his acting. Nice.
Big drive on defense coming up. Stop them from scoring and I think we will be able to seal this W.
It looked like he missed that field goal tbh like they didnt even show a replay
i missed all the banter on game threads
wonderful!
So many dumb mistakes from us
Jesus christ Boswell
Boswell......WHYY
Is swear we are tryna make this closer than it should be lol. Like stop fucking around with this trash team.
Come on Boz
"Lol.  30 secs ago: “Bozgod!” 30 secs later: “Boz, I’m losing my patience!”"
Lol you shall not pass n shit
HILTON
Good shit from Hilton
Is ESPNs bottom line huge? Taking up so much of the screen
What in the cinnamon toast fuck Boswell
Miss javon... but Tyson Alualu is awesome
Hilton? Hey alright let’s go
HILTON!
You love to see it
"Aside from getting hurdled all the time, Hilton has looked good tonight"
Hilton is like the only player in the secondary that is visible today.
This man Hilton though
Lmao offense looks better and defense chugging on all cylinders and now Boswell decides its his turn to shart. Well...cant have everything I guess.
YEAH BABY
I've got my eye on #41. Couple nice special teams plays and is actually on the field. Prevented Jones from getting that first down.
Sit Down Jones
This D is for real
I take back my previous statements about Hilton
Any punt return still looks odd to me after the years of Switzer fair catches.
Way closer of a game than it should be with the way the defense has been chasing Jones around all game
ok time for a 12+ play 8 minute drive down the field - of course resulting in a touchdown
"Connor hurt


NEVAAAAR"
Lol I’m shocked Conner is hurt.
Johnson is making me so nervous
Dang he looks like he is about to cry 😭
1st down baby
Would love to see at least 3 here.  Johnson playing really well.
Johnson redemption tour?
"Alright, maybe DJ can stay."
Great run by Snell! And he stayed in bounds.
finally a good run
Do ya Snell that?
We’ve broken their spirit. Calling this game now.
I am bracing myself. Feels like Herbstreit just jinxed Ben.
We tiring the giants out lol
Remember when Jabrill Peppers terrorized the Big 10?
Our line shouldn’t be doing runs when it’s under center. We run so much better from the gun. Our zone blocking a lot better when spread
Snell yeah!!
Lets put this away
BENNY SMELL
"JAMES CONNER GETS HURT

BENNY SNELL HURTS PEOPLE"
Anyone else claim benny in fantasy?
"Snell to Conner.

https://i.imgur.com/P7WvfxE.jpg"
To be fair Judge told them the Steelers weren't coming to town to hug them.
Time to put it away boysssss
This is the Snell I expected last year
Anyone know what’s going on with James Conner?
It's fun watching a first time head coach realize what they are in for all season.
Juju player of the game
Wouldn’t know someone is hurt with the announcers
JUJU!!
Juju so glad Ben back lmfao
This team is gonna be so fun to watch
"Total Replay? No thanks, I prefer 1990's Total Recall."
Not the best time for a Saquon add
What are these strange things we have...are they...points?
I WANNA SEE THE JUJU PYLON CAM
Let's get that W boys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm feeling good about the rest of this season
juju having ok game
Feels good to be back boys!
Last thing we need is another hurt lineman to an already injured unit
"So with this TD Ben has tied Eli Manning in amount of TDs, it seems. Funny it was against the Giants."
Who is Banner’s backup? Chuks?
Thats not good. God damn it
Shit... what is our next lineman up after we were already at our first next man up?
Shit
"Banner knows it’s a bad ligament injury, can just tell"
"And I’m gonna cry, too."
Fuck me I’m gonna cry
"We've won, but at what cost?"
Big guys across the league are struggling to get through week 1. No preseason is tough on these guys.
He just tore his ACL.  And he knows it.
What happened to Banner? The stream cut out and came back to my guy being hurt :( I’m devastated.
Hope banner is okay
JuJu having the game of his life. Zach Banner gets injured. Perfectly balanced
Wishing the best for Banner
"So, do you trust Chucks at RT, or do you try to slide Fieler back out there when DeCastro is healthy and you can fill Wisniewski in at the other guard spot?"
"Walked away from the screen,how bad did banner look and who was in for him withwiz out?

Edit: Man I hate seeing banners face."
These commentators are boring as fuck
Any decent o line free agents?
Nice tackle by Edmunds there.
Saquon and Jones getting their DK fantasy points up right now 🤣
Minkah wanting to carry him the length 😂
Who is behind Banner?
We’re one point away from the most points we scored last year. I feel very good if Randy doesn’t completely butcher this offense
Yeah guys just let them score
I don't trust this special teams on an onside kick
And add a recovery for Juju!
RIP Zach Banner. I’m so very sad
Get this man his 367th TD tonight!!
Really just fantastic to have Rotund Roethlisberger out there again.
Go for it
Nice job chase 😂
Primal Yell Snell
"So many positives in this game, I'm excited for the year"
That was a dope ass run
Claypool is a psycho and I’m all in.
This was a good first game of the season! Hopefully we continue to grow that connection! I really think we can make a deep run this season!
"Damn guys it feel good to be winning, Ben Juju, Snell, Mapletron, TJ, Bince, Bush Bud!"
I love this fucking team
Man I love being a Steelers fan
Connor's joints are made of glass. Love the guy but man.
Man I almost forgot how toxic steelers game threads are. Some of you are fucking disgraces
I’m ashamed of some of you. Really am.
He killed that national anthem.
I’m giving upvotes out like crazy. Happy to be back enjoying the Steelers with y’all!
What the fuck is this ad?
What a weak PI call & then of course they get a TD.
dogshit pi call bails them out. get burnt next play
"Ben got hit late by two defenders on that JuJu completion & no flag, but let's throw a flag to bail out the Giants. Make sense."
That defense is just gonna get better. Now that y’all have back a competent qb
Can we start a GoFundMe for Bud? I'll happily chip in.
Its been SIXTEEN YEARS and Ben STILL hasn't learned to throw a ball away.
"Benjamin ""Pornhub"" Rothlisburger is not getting any younger

&#x200B;

\-Captain Obvious"
If Bush can cover Barkley he can stay with almost any RB
highsmith looking good
"Phew!  Ok, *now* it's over."
"I find it weird how if you have a big lead, you're a dick for trying to keep playing and scoring, but if you're down big you can get garbage yards and TDs and no one cares."
FIRE TODD HALEY!!!
Refs and calling weak PI’s to screw the Steelers: name a more iconic duo
Full Steelering mode activated 😎
"“shoulda scored”

- big ben probably"
Love the sign our guys are holding! Pittsburgh strong!
FUCK YES PROUD OF OUR TEAM FOR TAKING A STAND! LETS BEAT THE GIANTS NOW!
WHERE ALL THE RYAN SWITZER HATERS NOW!?
That's it. Seasons over.
What's that about Switzer?
Every single returner we’ve had since AB is a muffed punt machine outside of Switzer
Connor is not good
Connor has got to be good enough to make some room for himself if he wants to stay a starter.
This Oline is fucking pathetic
Pussy ass flag
Of course they get a TD on a bullshit PI
Okay covid we can cancel the season now lol
All my homies still love Boz 😔
🅱️ince!
"Run


Run


Pass"
Who tf is our gunner and why can’t he tackle
Banner looks terrible
"Heath


Heinz


Brown


Those guys always came down with passes on 3rd down..."
Edmunds was late on the third down conversion. Always late.
Not only is Edmunds not good but he ain't even serviceable and that's what scares me shitless
Why is it always Edmunds?
Butlers zone is getting picked apart. Holy shit can we stop pretending he’s a good coordinator
Please replace Villenueva
Yet somehow the Steelers think their coordinators are worth keeping around.
Damn Conner is made of glass
Just eat up some clock and grind them down.
Benny Snell is better than James Conner.
Conner just stays injured
"""Edmund's is at least a sure tackler"" my ass"
Let's go!
"Been waiting too long for this, let’s go!"
Anyone know a good place to stream?
Hell yea I'm pumped
Its time!
What’s the feeling on Claypool? How was his training camp?
I’m going to cry when Ben runs out there on offense. I already know it.
"i got off work 20 mins ago, its past midnight here, i am drunk already. im beyond excited and ready for our LBs to punch up the new york football giants."
After some disappointing hockey and baseball. Need some Steelers football in my life.
Finally breaking out my Fitzpatrick jersey my buddy got me for my birthday. Let's go!!!
I'm way more excited for this game than I thought I was going to be.  Those hockey playoffs didn't do it for me.
"I missed all yinz on my favorite sub! Here's to a crazy, emotional, phenomenal, WINNING season with all you crazy SOBs! 

GO STEELERS!!"
These pumpkin beers and Steeler football have been gone for too long. Very exciting times.
Just stuffed my face with 20 some wings. Time to drown it in beer. Let's fucking go
There must be a lot of football news I missed. I didn't know Jason Garrett is OC for the Giants.
"I'm so worried. On one hand, primetime Ben. On the other hand, they're on the road vs a bad team."
"Just got home in time for the game with my Chinese food. 

Dogs are in their jerseys, I've got mine on, smoking a nice bowl, and waiting to dig into that delicious succulent Chinese meal once kick off happens. 

Let's fucking go Renegades!"
"LETS FUCKING GO BABY

WHO RIDE!?!?"
"Who was raising their fists?

Edit: one was Eric ebron but I didn't catch the one in the back"
Bens haitcut... looking good
"Let’s Go Boys, lets go!!!"
Washington FT fan coming in peace. Please destroy the Giants tonight so we can at least have one week alone in first place!
Lucky drop there
Seeing the D is exciting but seeing Ben on the field is like waiting on Christmas morning
Ok Danny Dimes looks legit rn
Watts a bull damm
pls stop them
"eh, this always happens. Defense usually tightens up after the first drive"
Nice delay of game for us
"We knew the defense would get a stop, I’m more anxious to see the offense"
Bruh
THAT WAS SO PREDICTABLE LMAO
Nice work turds
You've gotta be fucking kidding me
Damnit Diontae
Jesus fuck
...... what the fuck
"Saw that coming, had that bad feeling"
Oh for fucks sake
Jesus fuckin christ
Jesus christ
the more things change the more they stay the same
What the f**k
Things never change
Can our defense punt return?
Would actually be interested to see how many teams have muffed the first punt of the season
2020 making its presence felt early.
They need more crowd noise
I'll say this for the Giants: block numerals look nice.
Guess Johnson thought the defense needed more practice.
Defense saves us again
Good defense there. Good shit
good defense
At least it's only 3. Way to go Defense
Punt it you cowards
Serious question: Did Switzer ever muff a punt?
"got a taste of our defense, now it’s time for a taste of our offense"
Would you put Johnson back on punt return again?
Thank god they called that incomplete or else we’re down 7 instead of 3.
Time for Conner to lat spread and fly
Morale is low in the giants sub because they had to settle.
Johnson just wanted to delay the arrival of Ben a few more minutes.
HERE COMES BEN!!!! 🐐🐐🐐
"At least we held them for three but fuck that sucked. 

Do we finally get to see Big Ben? First snap a hand off? Or we going deep?"
"What about Ola? He’s about five nine and just beasting dudes out there

Great rush by Watt and Bud too, probably a fumble"
Lol
Fantastic start boys
That sucked
Ouch
Horrible first dirve
That was kind of a throw?
The right side of the Oline is just not good.
Oof what a terrible punt
Horrible punt too jesus christ
I have no faith in our run game at all.
It’s just a ruse to get the Giants to think Ben can only pass it 2 feet in the air.
Our Defense needs to put up points
"Piss poor punt, only defense showing up so far."
"brush off the rust boys, you guys got it next drive"
[deleted]
Big brain move: three and out was on purpose to see what Dustin looks like in-game! /s
"Ah, yes. Run, run, pass, punt. The Fichtner Special. 

Lol picked up right where we left off."
We waited a year for that piss poor drive
SO CLOSE
"Run, run, PASS! Run, run, PASS!

Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise --"
Atta boy Bud!!!
Holy Bud Dupree
DUPREEEEEE
BIG BUD
Good shit bud!
God damn bud looking like a beast
"did they even show our punt?  I wanted to see our new punter, doesn't look like it was a long punt."
Bud looking great this drive
Is Todd Haley back??
Bud was always that quick?!?!?!?
"Man, bud looks faaast"
Stud!!
We have to force giants to throw the ball. Contain saquads and we cripple their offense
The curtain is CLOSING!!!!!
Honestly nothing turns me on more than amazing D
"Run, Run, Pass may have been a great ideology 15-20 years ago, but if you do that 3 times and get nothing out of the gate early in today’s NFL it could be a death sentence."
"WHO YOU CALLING BUD, PAL!"
I fucking love this defense
This defense is going to be a problem this season
I'm so happy to watch this defense.
Damn this defense is good
Damn this D is so good
Fucking a this defense is giving me a boner
I held my breathe on that one
Defense came out buzzing.
Defense is NASTY
Bruh! Who else we got that can catch a punt?
I love this defense. Feels so good to finally have a reliable part.
DJ SPOOOOOKED
Bud the Stud
Let's get some points on the board!! Unleash Ben's bionic elbow!!!
Give juju a catch!
THROW IT TO JUJU!
He looks UNCOMFORTABLE fielding punts
Maybe we need to resign AB to return punts /s
those stops on d were incredible
i’m predicting run run pass am i doing it right?
Oh man the Defense is SWARMING. Bud and TJ are elite
Stop running the ball i wanna see ben launch it deep
God damn I love our fucking defense
Pass the damn ball
💩 offense
"Telling you guys now, if we just run 90% of offense sive plays from shotgun we aren't winning shit this year. Get up under center Ben."
Honestly I’m done.
"Sloppy offense, not really all that surprised. This will take a few drives for Ben to get in a rhythm."
Why do they keep going to Conner?  Conner is not very good.
Ben even thinks Conner sucks.
Plz don’t let our game plan be James Connor.
Experience duck/mason football
"It’s been long enough we can all just be adults and admit that James Conner sucks kind of a lot, right?"
GOOD JUJU
Juju!!!
"Ben, there are more players than Conner on offense"
JuuJuuuu!
oh god bens limping
Ben please no limping
There's my boy!
JU JU
Stop giving Conner the ball. He’s a yards sink right now. Spread it around
Ben is hurt
And Ben is hurt. This Oline is garbage
I HEARD OUR BACKUP WAS A ROCKET SCIENTIST
Ben's got some pain on his thigh/knee look at him
Conner is such poo poo
Big Ben keeps lifting and holding his left knee...
Doubt Ben has been hit like that since the last tie he played
MAPLETRONN
MAPLETRON!
Holy shit what a throw
Beautiful!
What a fucking catch.
CLAYPOOL!
Claypool SZN!!
HOLY FUCK CLAYPOOL
Maple Leaf baby!!!
O line play pretty poor so far. No running room and Ben not having time
There's a tony toe tap joke in there somewhere
MAPLETRON!!!!
"Looked out to me, in real time."
Toe drag swag
BIG BOI WITH BIG CATCH
CLAYPOOL BABY
CLAYPOOL
His first fucking catch? Jesus Christ!
Chase mother fucking Claypool
Let's go mapletron
There was a great fucking catch!! Reminds me of The Catch ^^^TM
"clay pool catch, me unzips"
Can we skip to 3rd down so we do something
CLAYPOOLL LOOKING LIKE A VET
Holy pushoff
I haven’t seen footwork like that since AB. Let’s fucking go!
Snell>Conner
WOW
"O-line hasn’t been convincing, be nice to have pouncey back"
Jesus rookie...
Y'all forgetting the Giants run defense allowed 3.9 ypc last year they're good I'm not surprised Conner isn't playing well
Now I see why he got so much hype.
Snell >>>
**MAPLETRON IS REAL**
That's a big time play by Conner to hang on to that
Way to hang on to that Conner.
That’s a big time catch with that hit
SNELLLLLL YA LATERR
"Now we're playing Benny Snell football!

Also in my head cannon Snell Jr. likes to find ways to use his last name as a pun and every time Tomlin hears it he makes him take a lap."
MAPLETRON!
What a catch by claypool
My god I forgot what moving the sticks felt like
Randy trying for the babushka look
Expecting an Ebron sighting soon
We are garbage running the ball
Bro nobody can block wtf
I approve of Mike Tomlin’s Kakashi look
BOZGAWD!!!!!
TF was that he was wide open
That first quarter flew by or was it just me?
BOSGOD
Thank you Boz!
Who keeps getting beat at the line lol wtf
WIZARD OF BOZ IS BACK!
If that pass is on target it’s a TD
Slowly getting into rhythm!
"If the Bosgod is on point, we'll be fine."
Conner bad
Wisnewski is getting torched
"""We want to effect him, to make Big Ben feel us."""
Ben seeing James Conners’ barber? That fade is a lil high
O-line struggling
Thanks Boz
Ben looks shaky as fuck.
Every run someone has been in the backfield... 75% of the time Ben doesn’t have time. O line has to do better if we want any rhythm on offense
Right side of the offensive line is new & you can tell. So much pressure quickly after the snap.
Praise be
We need to start throwing the ball more.
"Not really impressed with Wisnewski so far, got blown up on a couple blocks, stood between Conner and Ben and blocked his vision on that one pass (and wouldn't be able to block for Conner anyways since he was behind him). Hopefully he picks it up since Decastro is out"
[deleted]
These types if commercials are so stupid
"I miss Foster, man..."
"The best group on the giants is there dline.  Idk why we think dives and screens are going to work.  Quick throws, outs and slants are what's going to do it."
Giants made it a point to get the ball out fast. Our secondary needs to come through
"I am glad, as far as I'm aware, Tomlin doesn't have any commercials.

Weird how that feeling just came over me."
"It’s not Conner, Ben’s or Fichtner’s fault. It’s totally the Offensive line’s fault. Awful"
Get McFarland in there. I wanna see 4.2 speeeeeeeed
No pressure on the QB is pissing me off
Not this bullshit
Most bs call wth
all the rbs not gonna look good behind this line especially with decastro out
Time to respond
Thats ridiculous
Terrible PI call but whoever that was got straight burned
Where's the pressure
Facepalm.
Put Snell in
Can we throw a ball past the line of scrimmage?
That was a dogshit PI call.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL. HOW MUCH ARE YOU GETTING PAID?!
Pretty fucking dog shit playcalling.
Holy fucking shit FIRE RANDY
conner is fucking useless
Take fucking Conner out he somehow is rustier than Big Ben
Throw a fucking quick pass
Conner injured already lmao
Connor’s injured. I’m shocked.
"Ok Conner sucks, can we call plays that don’t revolve around him"
Holy shit this offense looks fucking flat
Connor-pallooza
whats up w this conner has like 40 touches and the it isnt working
"Not sure what this offense is supposed to be doing with all the motions and such, but it isn’t working at all"
this offense is abysmal
Steelers and 3 and outs. They just cannot live without one another
Get Connor outta here
"That was a bad drop by Conner, but the very next play he's got nowhere to run with 4 giants in front of him and no line help. Just mistakes all around."
This play calling is ridiculous
Why do they keep giving it to conner LMAO
James plz
Bro wtf is this play calling
Not a whole lot to feel good about to start this game...
"This is gonna be a long game, isn’t it?"
How are people blaming JC? He was literally 1v4 on that last play. Every single lineman missed their block
WHAT IS THIS PLAY CALLING!?!?! Oh wait. Typical Steelers crap
On offence the problems our o line
We’re a second half team hehe *nervously
Hmmm gonna be a long year isnt it
What is this offense? Connor looks super slow.  Ben inaccurate.  Just end me now.
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FUCKING FIELD
QB doesn’t matter. This Oline is pathetic
Welcome to no preseason
"Even if Vance did catch it, why we throwing to the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 9?"
Not play calling issue. Ben is off target.
"Offence, Defence AND special teams. Failing grade overall"
"Totally fucking not okay with losing Bud and Juju for Ben at this point.

Just really fucking not."
"That neverous feeling.... Oh, how I've missed you"
Ben lowkey looks cooked.
we're struggling against one of the worst teams in the league
Why do we always start so bad every year? Every single year!!
Love these people saying seasons over and bens washed after seeing all of 1Q after he missed a year
Goddamn we cant even tackle
The playcalling is atrocious.
Same old sorry ass offensive play calling.
The BEST Watt.
TJ saves us
YESSIR
I can’t do another year where our best player on offfense is minkah on defense
WATTS UP
Watt a ya know!
WATTTTTT
Need a turnover here
thank god for TJ Watt
TJ Watt!!!!!
That pick makes up for that dropped punt.
WATTTTTT!
TJ Bailed us out...gotta do something with it now
TJ!!!!!!
DPOY
GOOD RUN
"Guys, don't worry about Ben.  It's early.  He's a vet.  Knocking off the rust.  I'm more worried about our O-line and running game."
TJ is such a superstar
WATT DPOY
"Woo! Nice INT! 

Time for 3 more carries for 1 yd to conner"
TJ FUCKEN WATT!!!!!!!
THANK YOU TJ
Snell already looks better than conner after one play
Benny Snell football y'all
JJ is the inferior Watt
TJ PIIICKKK
TJ W A T T
Why aren't we using Derek Watt we signed him for a reason
TJ Watt literally the only bright spot so far after this long ass break.
Can we keep playing snell. Conner can't run
Snell > Conner
Snell is better than Conner
Are you shitting me
What a coaching gaf. Call a timeout
Where’s derek watt?
EBRON!!!
EBRON SIGHTING
Yeah Ebron
BIG MAAAN
"Ebron, doing good TE things!"
ERIC EBRON LETS GOO!!!!
Welcome to Pittsburgh Ebron
"In the three PI’s I’ve seen called so far this season (Bengals/Chargers, Rams/Cowboys, and this game) the rules experts have disagreed with the call all three times."
Maybe put in the massive WR that made an incredible play in his only target?
I feel like we're historically better at 3rd and medium compared to 3rd and 1
No lie forgot we had Ebron lol gg
Juju
ATTA BOI JUJU
Vance Mac with the sick flow
Juju really missed having Ben last year.
Look at that pick up block by Benny Snell. James Connor could never
Juju baby!!
Juju hell yes!
No one is happier to have Ben back than JuJu
"JUJU, BABY!"
TOUCH DOWN JUJUUUUUU WOOOOOO GOOD JOB BABY
CLASSIC BEN THIS IS WHAT WEVE MISSED!
LMAOOOOOOOOO
Wtf boz
That must have taken a load off Ben's shoulders.
Back to bad Boswell
Juju!!
JUJU!!!!
FECK
Preseason Rust
Ah so that's how we lose by 1
"Fuck, Boswell, Fuck"
Juuuu
**JU JU!!!!!!!!!!**
Boswell bro cmon
Let's fucking go! Momentum on our side now.
this team oh my fucking god i swear.
JuJu you my number one!
Blitzing Ben? That's a death wish
YOU FUCKING DOINKED IT
That almost looked fake for some reason. Weird TD. Great TD.
Special teams: never ceases to disappoint
"Oi, who replaced Boswell with Cody Parkey?"
It’s the little things...
JUJU SZN BABY
Common Boz. Gotta be better than that
Ah shit here we go again
We need an Alan Faneca on this line
i hate that fucking groundhog so much
Man if y’all lose by one imma cry
Jie Boden
Dupree is 270...MPH!
Bud is coming for that big contract
Bud Dupree kicking some ass
We have to pay Bud Dupree
"Dupree is picking right up where he left off, fuck yeah dude"
Bud dupree is so interesting to me. We were all writing him off like year 3 and dude has been beast now
 The way they're handling Saquon makes me feel something in my pants.
Bud absolutely WRECKING the run game
You don't run on the Steelers defense. You can try to run from them but it'll only result in a loss.
holy fuck Saquon is a beast
"You'd think that at some point they'd want to maybe put a hand, just one, on Bud.  Like.  Just a thought."
Dupree is John Cena out here for the Giants
Come on Minkah
Bud Dupree shows why he earned his motherfucking contract. This linebacker corps is bringing back good memories
Again with Edmunds getting absolutely smoked
God damnit that leap is not fun to watch when he's not wearing the PSU uni.
Bush should've committed for the sack.
I hate PI unless it helps us... gg
Lol such a bad call tho
*oof*  You could see that coming right from the snap.
**BINCE!!!**
GODDAMN
Love Vince.  Sign the man!
I LOVE BINCE
BINCE THE KILLER
BINCE
Weird that Johnson looks more comfortable returning a punt than calling a fair catch.
"Ah yes, the Switzer special"
At least the D is showing up
Bince is Back!!
These OL’s have all been trash as fuck this week
I wanna see Benny snell this drive
Ben just panicking back there
"Oh Zach, that's not going to cut it"
James Conner with that great 1.5 yards per carry
"Dude, where's my offense?"
Banner if you could turn into the Hulk now that would be great
"2nd and 19, hand off.. the fuck"
Damn Banner...
"Ben gets sacked by the second guy? Come on, gotta at least shrug off four guys /s"
Oline literally hitting down one person that play. Like wtf are you fucks doing?
Is it just me or do we keep running almost identical motions and run
"Damn, so close"
Oh yay 2 more yards on a run
Well that was not great.
punt team is horrible
Ben’s footwork looks off
Did Ben not just get smacked in the head!? Where’s the flag?
The ol is the biggest team problem
"Dang, mid-field again."
Is this finally the year they get rid of Danny Smith?
We may as well just pass every time. They are stuffing the run
Maybe our coaches can Google search some adjustments for the 2nd half
"Got a solid receiving core and we're just not using them to our advantage. Play calling needs to get better in the second half, but this is a team that never seems to make any second half adjustments. Hopefully I'm wrong this time."
Wasn’t the best throw but still shoulda caught that. I love the Ebron signing but we gotta accept that there will be some drops with him.
The torture that was last year is continuing into this year
Defense carrying the fuck outta this team
"If our offense could match our defense, we’d be set this season."
I mean at least the defense looks good
god our d line and linebacker core is good
Once our offense starts to get some chemistry back...with this defense...😍😍😍
"THAT PUSH BY BUDDDD >>>>>>>

That's back to back plays where Bud showed his shit. You love to see it"
I was so worried when Lebeau left. I think Butler has exceeded expectations thus far.
"I know everyone is saying it, but this fucking defense is comically good."
"How is clock management always such shit for this team. I love Tomlin and all but maybe I just don't agree with his style, which is never call the TO or wait til 20s too late"
[deleted]
Barkley is gonna get fucking killed doing that
he’s got a WHAT on his arm
Saquon shouldn’t be risking himself for this horrible team
barkley just about got a helmet in the dick.  he keeps jumping people hes gonna get one.
The Giants best play is a checkdown to Saquon lol
Take all them sweeps and fake sweeps and throw em in the trash
Our O line is trash
Wtf is this? Ben's arms were completely fucked up
RIP suit guy
"1:30 left in the half

jet sweep for a yard in bounds"
If I had a dollar for every time Fichtner ran it up the gut on first down for a 1 yard gain I'd have enough money to fire Fichtner
Johnson is the new Moncrief
Diontae is not having a good game.
This drive is humming because Ben is calling the plays.
THATS A PITTSBURGH STEELERS...
Man Johnson not looking very good at all
Schuster Smith
MONTCRIEF OUT THERE LMAOO
Good time management
Quick someone grab my stickum plz
"Juju doing well! Come on Diontae, you can do well too!"
James Washington > Diontae Johnson
Diontae run fast no catch good
Look at those WHEELS
These new MNF commentators have no personality
TRUZZ BEN
Lamar Jackson who?
DAD LEGS
Ben is winded
Best Dual Threat QB in the league
Ben got wheels or treads 😁
HELLZ YA 3RD EFFORT
OHHHHH YEAHHHHHHHHB
WASHINGTON!!!!!!
A MUSCLY BOY
Ben didn't even need the 2 timeouts.
James is just a good ol boy.
"SMALL BOI, BIG EFFORT"
TOLD Y'ALL YOU'RE OVERREACTING
Great fucking play Washington!!
Country boy!!!
That is fucking pure power wow lets go James!
Lmao imagine being a giants fan on that one
JAMES WASHINGTON!!! KNOW HIS NAME!!
Incredible how this team changed with Conner out
Washington was our DJ the whole time.
Feel bad for that poor ref as he’s trying to protect himself from that spike
i love how they cut the field mics after the TD HAHAAHAHHA
WHOOO! Washington wanted that bad
YEsSSsSsd
Washington is the WR2 we need.
The James Worshington incline!!!!
*chef kiss*
They have to bleep out the players celebrating!
Nate Washington lmao
"What an effort by Washington.

But why not go for the 2pt?"
Washington with the second effort!
Nice route design
Man if only we could play with the efficiency we have in two minute drills all the time.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
So hyped for our d line
What an end to that half.  Great effort.
That was pretty!! Nice to watch a Steelers drive end in points!
I was calling for a pass to Washington that whole drive. That turned out better than expected lol
Some offensive line moves need to be made. If you protect Ben then this season has serious potential. I feel good about this WR group they have going. Just hope DJ is just dealing with rust.
Anyone else hearing that shit?
That mic
mawp mawp
Came here to ask if people were hearing that sharp sound....obviously I am not alone.
"Well, the somersault was cool but we don't get points for style."
"Damn, he could’ve gone all the way"
That was really great vision by McCloud
I see why we kept McCloud.
Benny Snell football
snell ya baby!
BENNY
"Snell is gonna be good. After watching him run all over Penn State during that bowl game a couple years back I knew he was the real deal. I hated him then, I love him now."
"If you don't like that, you don't like Benny Snell football!!!!"
Look at Banner out there just throwin’ fools down
Is Connor hurt?
Bradberry is good
Stepping away from shitting on Randy for a second. I already love Colquitt.
I want more clay
"Great coverage, can't be mad"
Why is DraftKings introducing people in their commercial like it matters? Or is that someone famous??
Today will be the day where Conner officially loses his job
LMFAO. they aint going nowhere
I want another Watt INT!
Barkley lmfao
We got lucky on that one
Dupree pressuring literally every play. Dude is so quick
Are you serious?
Hilton on the wrist strap has to be the new defensive meta
Hilton 20000IQ
That was honestly a really good throw. Fit it into a tight window.
Get Terrell out of there JFC
"They should've sent the house there on a rookie QB in his endzone, safety or bad pass resulting in int is likely there."
This defense might be in trouble when they’re not facing a middle school offensive line
Edmunds is always in no man's land guarding nobody.
Edmunds SUCKS
Edmunds is trash
Edmunds looking like a liability so far
Terrell is so freaking bad
Imagine if Edmunds was someone better
I am not a draft guru by any means...just to give an excuse for my ignorance...but I didn’t realize that Jones was the #6 overall pick in the draft. I just googled him to find that out.
Edmunds has not improved at all. Legit trash
Bush is ON Barkley
Legit question: who would you rather see on the field Edmunds or Sean Davis?
Unreal...
Held the living fuck out of our defensive line there
"Hold on TJ, no call"
It's at times like these that I really miss Shazier. This defense would've developed into something even more deadly.
C’mon what? Y’all gotta get to him just a second faster lol. I can’t complain tho
Jones hasn’t fumbled yet...
Fair play to the guy guarding TJ. That’s another tackle in his box score.
Minkah Time!
"Edmunds is trash yet playing every down while everyone else rests. 

I don't fucking get it."
 Our defense is so fucking slow
"This Giants QB is getting lucky. With some of those wild throws, it's only a matter of time before we take it away."
Lotta backups in on this long drive
How TF is our defense making Jones look like Patriots TB12 (because Bucs TB12 sucks lmao)
"Well played Terrell, he probably wouldn’t have made it on his own!"
At this point just let em in and try again later
How tf are we taking the bait on play action when THEY'VE DONE NOTHING IN THE RUN GAME?
This fucking secondary
IS NO ONE COVERING THE FLATS JESUS TITS
Is that 4 converted 3rd downs on this drive? About to be 5?
"I THOUGHT WE GOT RID OF THE PREVENT DEFENSE!!!

WTF BUTLER!!!"
theyre about to go 95 yards on us
After they spot the blitz you have to adjust and call it off
JFC defense switch to man to man zone clearly isn’t working right now
Bush > Edmunds in coverage
Defense is gassed
I just ripped the fattest sigh
FUCK YA
Defense... Staaaahp
That's convenient.
Thank you sweet baby Jesus
They're never nowhere near the person with the ball. We need another TJ Watt pick. He knows he wants to.
Our defense got so fucking lucky
Lol Jones with a gift.
So basically. No consistency at all. What happened? Why is Edmunds still on this team?
THANK YOU CAM
Thank fucking god
C A M
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow bailed out 5 defenders right there
Hahahaha
/u/bullybimbler this man
OMG HE PICKED IT OFF
LETS GOOO
This was a pretty impressive drive by the Giants.....Until that interception.
"Usually will defend Edmunds,  but oof. Idk if I can today."
"Man, that has to suck (if your a Giants fan)"
Bend don't break defense!!!
Earning his paycheck
SUPER BOWL
finally a break
What on God’s green earth is Hilton doing?
Just pay the man.
A gift. Nothing more.
You take that much pressure you're gonna make a mistake eventually.
Happy ending
Looks to be Cam Heywards first interception. LETS GO
Big boy INT!!!
Lmao I was texting my friend that Danny Dimes was picking us apart
Dj luck finally ran out
Omg Ironhead JR!
"As always, my bois giving me both an anxiety attack and then full ecstasy on that drive. Dupree and Cam are bae"
really dude? fucking hold the ball LMFAO
No Benny noooooo
Damn it Snell.
Juju muthafucka
Helluva an effort by JuJu.
Snell please be careful
jesus christ man this game is killing me
Collective sigh of relief
Snell got bailed out there.
JUJU 🙏🙏🙏🙏
I’m so happy I bought Juju’s Jersey last year.
FIRST DOWN
Thank the fucking god(s)
Thank fuck we retained that
big save by juju there
Thank the lord for JuJu
thats benny snell football baby hard hands smothered in hard butter teammates also hard to bail you out
God bless JuJu
Still better than James Connor
phew
Diontae sighting
Great effort Johnson!
Ok stand back up
b-ben no!
Lack of any preseason games is really apparent on both sides.   Too many plays where players looking clueless.
B A L L   S E C U R I T Y
AV come on man
Throw it away
get rid of the ball dum dum
Villenuevu
Is it 3rd or 4th down?
"Okay, can we please get at least 3 here."
Throw it away Ben!!!!!
at least ben isn't afraid to take hits i see.. heh.
Does the color on one of the cameras seem off?
Never a doubt
Praise be
I hate the FG angles. I’m not sure why..
Bunches fucking mental errors tonight boys. Absolutely have to get that sorted
"Dammit, Boz."
goodness boz..
Come on dude. NONE of that!
Gotta start 'em at the 40 cause of all that tackles for a loss.
SACK
Be-GONE *GIANT*
We got 12 men out there with that Giants lineman helping us 😂
Great play call
Defense is scary
I'm staying at the Hilton tonight!!!!
Oof that stop bailed out Boz! Another bailout!
And now a 10 min drive
If DJ got some blocking from his teammates he may break one.
Benny Snell time
Feels like I’m watching an SEC team on CBS with the constant commercials...
James Connor must have glass bones..dude is always hurt
Feel bad for Conner.  Seems like it'll be his last year as a Steeler.
"Everyone shitting on Ben... do you not remember last year? Give him time to get going, we’ve not even had a preseason."
i feel so bad for Conner man.. i just want to see him do well
Ran straight into Vance...
James Connor is hurt? Weird.
[deleted]
Clean!
"I don’t think he’s all that hurt, I just think he couldn’t produce anything so they’re going with Snell as the feature and it’s working better."
It's just refreshing to see short easy passes connect to receivers
We have run literally one run play over and over
Second half DJ 👀
This is a Ben at work drive
Oh my Ebron
Benny Snell Football!!!!
Let’s get Claypool the ball
No injuries man...
Everybody is saying we need a new RB like our Oline isn’t absolutely sucking right now..
STONE COLD SAID GIMME A SNELL YEAH!!!
Is conner hurt?
Benny Boi!!!
"Giants D a mess 

You love to see it"
Lets get a TD!
Jujuuuuu
Fuck yea ju ju
The Ju!
JuJu with 2!
JUJU SZN
2 TDs for Juju!
That’s our number 1 wr juju
"Dang this team looks good. Could just be how bad he giants are tho. 

Big Ben looks a lot more confident in the zone now, which is good"
Ben looks good
"""And inhales everything!""

Big whoop, get me stoned enough and I do the same thing."
Enough with the injuries! Ugh.
Not Banner. No!
oh dear god
Fuck
"Fuck me, the look on his face is crushing. Heal up quick Banner!"
HERE comes the gabage yards and points
Damn it banner. No!
Why is Kirk hyping up Jason fucking Garrett?
Mink that was a good play
uh huh.. whatever you say ref
Ref’s looking for a back door cover?
Gg giants. you lose. go home.
Good shit haden
The coverage has been a little off tonight
Come on Nelson
Awesome
Game. Now I can rest easy
Lets get Ben another TD!
"man i love conner, but this is ridic. the man made of glass"
We running Snell Ball now boys
"Okay, but that was a good trap block by the rookie guard Dotson."
"amazing game, also gg giants"
Already a better start than last year boys
"GGs boys, I felt good with this game except for that last TD"
Better start than last year already.
I'm all aboard the Mapletron train.
Couldn’t have asked for a better opener.
3...2...1 win
Refs 10 Steelers 3
Fuck Tiktok and their communist overlords
Need that hot chick with the shoulderless leather jacket to find out what happened to Zach.  Do your job chick
Switzer truthers cuming themselves now.
Edmunds and getting burnt to a fucking crisp. Name a better duo.
STEELERS AGAINST RACISM. You love to see it. 🖤💛🖤💛🖤💛
"Jesus fucking christ.

At least Switzer didn't drop it"
I miss Switzer
"My dream Super Bowl is Niners v Steelers, hope it happens one day soon"
REFS ARE TARDS
I seriously hate the fake crowd noise.
That's gonna bite us.
If we lose by 1 point...
The Pirates were a lot better with the Zoltan hand sign. All Pittsburgh sports teams should bring it back.
I love watching your guys defense. Reminds me a lot of my team (the Bears) 2018 defensive unit
Our punt coverage is hilariously bad
Banner is getting eaten alive
Mason warming up. Fuck me
There’s the Ben we know and love. Game over now.
Leading at HT. Nearly 2am. Hope to wake to victory
"Fuck it, I miss Booger and his dumbass remarks"
that's benny snell football baby none of that stretching on the sidelines just that hard nose rock hard hard as a rock hard football
Edmunds again. Shit
 Edmunds is so awful. Always behind the play
Edmunds is ass
Edmunds needs to be cut yesterday
This is getting absurd. Defense getting destroyed
Time for a Bourbon a Scotch and a beer.  And I'm all out of... actually I have all of those.  Cheers!  Time for a boilermaker!
His running skills are questionable
Juju makes me forget all the hurt he caused me last year and I am ready to get hurt again....
"Bears fan, with Steelers as my strong second team. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Snell and I love how this org seems to just build/ develop strong running backs"
So we are gonna have to find some OL right? Likely a trade as well as FA signing
I'm seeing why they like Highsmith he's got a motor.
What are yalls thoughts on the fake crowd noise? I think it's funny as hell lol
covid free hookers for the front seven....all night long
"Switzer is garbage they said.


There's exactly why Switz was solid. He never missed those."
Time for the token Connor fumble.
Maybe Mason Rudolph wasn’t that bad...maybe this O-Line has been shit since last year.
LOL riden with biden!!
WhY dO wE pUt SwiTzER BaCk ThERe
"For all of you pieces of shit talking shit on Switzer, he would have planted his heels at the 10 and fake fair caught that."
Those shitting on Diontae have to be the most short-sighted human beings ever.
“Put Rudolph in... Ben stinks and is old”
Chill with all the overreactions. its the first drive for them all year with no preseason games
Snell>Conner rn
"Snell only, please."
"Remember how much fun Ben, Bell, and Brown were to watch?... sigh..."
"Snell made more happen with two carries then Conner has with half a dozen touches so far. I’m over it, give 24 more snaps."
Edwards is back to in season form missing tackles.... fucking hell
I cant go through another year of Boswell missing half his kicks again
This was supposed to be the easy game to ease into the season
[deleted]
Ben running the offense is better than sex
Fucking Edmunds
Edmunds is trash holy shit
Cut Edmunds and bring in Earl Thomas. Swap that motherfucker for a brotherfucker
Edmunds is ass
Hasn’t been a perfect game but I’m impressed from what I’ve seen of Daniel Jones thus far.
watt getting held every damn play
FUCK THE GIANTS
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Benny Snell is still way better than Conner
"Where is Minkah, is he invisible?  He has only one tackle so far and was all goose eggs at the half."
We desperately need a new RB
Joe Judge? More like Moe Fudge amiright?
"Conner got very few carries... the offense was not clicking the first quarter, neither was conner... I think we need to relax on the conner slander here."
Oh my god there is no way this team doesn’t go far this year
"Ben, Juju, Snell, and the Defense all look really good"
Edmunds looking a bit sharper so far
If we let them back into this game I'm going to cry
This RB group is a big pile of meh. It’s not that important of a position but you’d like a bit more explosion.
"“Why is Conner bad”

It’s almost like he’s nursing an injury, you know the one he got earlier but came back in the game despite it because hes a beast?"
Is the game not available on SlingTV? I can’t find it on there SOS
Where’s Jack Lambert’s balls I’m ready to give them their yearly good luck rub
"It’s been a long offseason full of staying inside and hoping for some sports. Here we are, minutes away from watching the Pittsburgh mother fucking Steelers destroy not only the NY Giants but also the destruction of New Jersey. We’re about to watch Big Ben sling the rock for the first time in almost a year, see our defense back together with Tuitt, and win A GOD DAMN FOOTBALL GAME AND START THE STAIRWAY TO 7! Let’s FUCKING GO!"
I'm thinking we're going to see a lot of spread with 4 and 5 wide tonight from the Steelers. No better way to get Ben in a rhythm and knock the rust off.
Mannn... why am I feeling nervous/anxious? Fml
It’s good to be back!!
I hate when everyone picks us to win.
I am pumped!
IT'S TIME I'M SKIPPING MY COMPUTER SCIENCE HOMEWORK FOR THIS
"Dude has some custom, sexy-cut scrubs!!!"
"It's gonna be sad not seeing ANY towels waving tonight, normally we see lots wherever the Steelers go. At least they'll be waving at home."
Let’s go baby
I’m so glad to be back with you boys for another season. So glad football is back
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
LFG BOYS!!!
BEN IS BACK LETS GET THAT LOMBARDI
LFG BOYS I WANT AT LEAST ONE OF MY TEAMS TO WIN THIS WEEK
ITS HAPPENING!!!!
Ofc we can’t start on defense forcing a 3 and out lmao
C'mon defense. Let's get off the field here
Anyone got a link to the stream?
🅱️INCE
Steelers D does things to my D
good to be back gents
[deleted]
He really called Bush Vince for a second
Ola!
This looks like the 2016 D. Hopefully they tighten up
Not gonna lie I’m excited for Fowler and Herbstreit but it’s a little weird
Get a stop here
Missed y’all
Glad to be back 💛 HERE WE GO!
Lol I forgot Jason is their HC
Is there a way to get this thread to auto sort by new without changing my site wide settings?
Was that Daniel Jones saying “no play” I bet the defense heard it
Typical
Fucking idiot
"Dionte Johnson, FUCKING YIKES"
Godammit
You fucking serious?
What the actual fuck!
Fucking god damnit...
Ruh roh
You can’t catch with ur shoulders bro
What. The. Fuck.
Fuck
Well.....shit
Fuck me
WTF!!!!!!
Well that's not ideal
Bro wtf
Oh no....
Bruh
Are you fucking kidding me
"Shit, that sucks."
Fuck fuck fuck
Cmon man are you kidding
What a great start
c’mon defense
Are u fucking serious
Bring back AB to return punts and jump kick the punt team!
Well fuck
The shitty part is I WANT TO SEE BEN
Come on Minkah!  Gimme that sweet adrenaline
"Ok, that was a great effing stand."
At least we held them to a FG... please don’t do that again boys...
Classic bend dont break
LFG Ben!
Luckily dan Jones is cheeks
ITS BEN TIME FINALLY
🤡
Need a long drive to rest the defense.
Welcome back Ben! Let’s see what you can do
Why do we have bad luck with punt returns
Okay the season is back on
Diontae better make up for that
Strong defensive playing. Good stuff.
I'm so happy
This defense is giving me needs
Johnson giving us Big Ben blue balls smh
"Ray-Ray’s replaced Johnson on special teams, put down the pitchforks"
No throws bruh 🥺
That wasn't pretty
"Holly crap, Conner!"
Will a Steeler catch a ball this year?
What. The. Fuck.
"Ahh another year of run, run, pass, punt."
Run run pass
Yeah so probably not the start we wanted
"New season, same terrible punts."
*Broken trumpet noise*
Welp this isnt staring off great
*Sighs* I got too hyped.
Damn I miss AB but also fuck AB
They got it out of their system now. Second drive will be crazy!
Rough start
"Three and out, FUCK"
"Tank for T-Law 
/s
(I hope)"
Could be worse..
"Alright. Offense, defense and special teams got punched in the face. So hopefully the nerves go away"
[deleted]
Some pros and cons playing no preseason games
Okay Budddddd!
Dupreeeeeee
All defense today.
Buddddd
Dupree DPOY
Bud off the edge 👀
Dupree baby!!
BUUUUUUD DUPREEEEE!
I love this defense
BUD DUPREE
There you go bud!!
Don't sleep on Dupree!!!
Right now this is looking like a classic case of the stoppable force vs. the moveable object.
Nice play Cam Sutton!
Announcers didn't give Sutton credit at all. lol
This D is elite
This defense makes me feel tingly downstairs.
Let's Go D!
Bud looking like a beast
Bud was not having it
Good stop defense!
The D is hype
Nice stop defense!!
I love our defense. Nobody leave ever
Them some mothafucking DAWGS out there!
Johnson's punt catching is scaring me
Bruh Diontae please
"Our D is looking every bit as good as we had hoped, so that’s reassuring. It’s early, but still."
Special teams a litle quirkly
I’m convinced Mike Tomlin just doesn’t give a fuck about special teams.
Happy to see activity from Sutton!!!
Bring back Switz
God I love this defence.
"Come one ben you got this man, just make sure someone mapleleaf is open and chunk that bad boy down the field"
Ben is gonna go deep on the first play
"Alright, play action 20 yard slant to juju to start the drive. calling it"
Release Mapletron
Anyone else feel really weird without the fans? Like it sounds so eerie. Like literally just backyard football.
The browns and bengals fans takes in the nfl thread are ducking hilarious
Cmon Big Ben throw!
"so far, we're not getting any line push"
This offense....
Ben seems rusty
Maybe we try something besides a handoff
So is our offense only Conner?? Just wondering.
"Ben, Conner and 60 sidekicks..."
This shitshow looks like last year part 2
JUJU!!!!!
Oh shittttt!!! jimmy broke the 3 yard threshold!
Jujuuuu
JU JU!
Thats it....JuJu
I dunno if this is just the stream I'm watching but I'm loving all these Canadian commercials. Fucking smiling cookie and it helps people in my community? I'll take eight!
He’s fucking hurt...
JUJU!
Juju baby
A JuJu sighting!
"Thank you JuJu, very cool"
Is 30 the only number Ben can see ???
Damn juju ben... i missed that
"Phew, almost thought we started Hodges out there for a sec."
Get the boot
Not the knee
Maybe Ben needed a hit like that
Run game is doodoo
Wow Connor looks slow
Connor isn’t doing much thus far. I think maybe Ben needs to throw to loosen up the Giants Defense
Was that a limp on ben? Please God no
I feel like Ben hates all the motion lol. He's dying to just call his own plays
He threw that into some heavy coverage
offense almost looks worst than last year
I regret taking conner in fantasy. He sucks
I'm hoping they get Benny Snell into the mix a little bit more here
Holy shit that pass was intense.
Yes!! Excellent catch
YES!!!!!
CLAYPOOL
Claypool baby!!!
MP had some bad snaps last year. Hopefully this one was just a fluke.
This offense is putrid. Hope we pick it up soon
He pushed off.
Woooooooww
Good shit
Pouncey and low snaps
Canadian Megatron!!
What a sexy catch
There we go!!!! Long bomb to Claypool!!!! What a catch
CLAYPOOL LETS GOOO
Antonio Brown like on the sideline by Claypool there
CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL
CLAYPOOL LET'S GOOOO
Claypool is a freak holy shit
Nice catch
I bet Snell wins the starting job over Connor before mid-season.
Holy fuck chase
Dat toe tap!
Holy phuck he caught that
Claypool with that catch though
Omfg the Canadian is making me believe....
What a fucking boss
What a fucking catch
Nice gains by Benny
Snell looking good
Steelers and drafting receivers. Name a better duo
Bennieeee
Snell yeah baby
Ben is clicking now
"CLAYPOOL

STARTING STRONG"
atta catch conner
"Let's fucking go claypool, what a grab"
Set up your fucking blocks
Crisp catch by Connor. Looks like he's been working on his catching.
Ben that was an easy first down
Let's go Boswell!
There’s zero receivers open wtf
BOSGOD
Wizard of Bos!
Praise be
Big Al is getting fucking worked every play. Stop calling run plays to that fucks side.
So give it to Connor every play?
"Villanueva, big oof"
"Snell made a good run but still had to break tackles in the backfield. Like come on, Connor can’t go anywhere when 2 defenders are in the backfield every run"
A friend of mine said he just saw Bill Cowher house shopping in Pittsburgh
So vascular
LBs looking speedy
"The radio crew changed.  I don't have ESPN and I'm working so all I have is Tunch and Wolfey but no Hillgrove? The heck

Hillgrove was suspended lmao"
That block shedding
Wish we could see some Derek Watt. Rosie always did great blocking and I’m hoping Watt can help since our line keeps getting worked over
"Giants spreading the field almost every play to neutralize our pressures.  Let's go, Butler let's see you counter with something clever."
"I feel like this Kardia Mobile ad would work a lot better to sell me on it if a few of the people who tried it out had serious heart conditions they weren't aware of and they save their life right there on the spot. 

Still wouldn't get it but just think for $99 you could find out your heart is fucked cause you eat like shit and never do anything except walk to your car."
"For anyone calling for McFarland, he’s inactive tonight iirc"
Tyson Alualualualualualu
Saquon ain’t feeling so great rn
Lol on a 3rd and 12.
"Bud looks so fucking good.


Fuck me, dude..."
tyson alaluuuuuuuuuuu
wait what
Robbed
"Lmao, of course."
Fuck
What the fuck was that
FUCK
Fuck
Well fuck
Fucking A
Ugh
Jesus Christ
:[
I’m just tuning in how does Ben look
Jeeeesus christ
What the fuck was that?
Nelson has looked sooo explosive so far I hope he recovers from that hard bite on Slaytons TD
When’s the last time we’ve won week 1?
Looked like Haden had deep half responsibility and didn’t get back in time
I thought we were playing the Giants? Wtf. Time to wake up. The season started.
Where is the cheering coming from?
what is going on JC :(
Can we get the ball to anyone else???
Fuckin a catch the ball
Man take Conner out. Can't catch shit
SUCH A GOOD RUN YES YES GOOD JOB
Stop already
Lets waste more downs on Connor plays
I *cannot* believe people want Conner.
Lmao this offense is a fucking joke
This is horrible
Stop trying to make James Conner happen. It's not going to happen.
Offensive playcalling is trash
Can’t say I’m fucking surprised
Connor is being way overused. He's not a feature back. Literally everybody knows this other than Fichtner.
CONNER IS SO FUCKING BAD
"Don’t wait for the offseason, cut Conner at halftime."
Terrible play calling.
Get Conner off the fucking field.
Conner is really awful. Well below average RB.
Sigh
Ofcourse James Glass Conner is dealing with an injury
"Ok, best WR group we've had since MB, and we dump off to a running back who can't catch. DOPE."
Snell atleast got some yards... bench conner
"Of course the in studio retired ref doesn't think that warranted a call on Haden. Let the teams decide the game ref, ffs."
Lmao Conner just getting absolutely swallowed up. What the fuck.
Why why why why why do they keep riding conner who’s clearly been ineffective today
Dude Conner has to be 90% of the offense tonight and he’s not doing shit
STOP. GIVING. THE. BALL. TO. NUMBER. 30.
Keep giving it to Conner. Its working so well.
Get Conner out of there.
Well the o line sucks
Elite offense game plan
RUN RUN PASS PUNT YEEE
So I see a year has passed an our offense still sucks doesn’t matter who’s at QB
Team is playing like ass.
Absolutely pathetic
They have had great field position every time
I hate Randy Fichtner
Yo what’s up with ben?
do we really need WRs with this playcalling?
What the fuck are these plays?
This play calling is horrid
Feels like I’m watching last years team no joke
I take it back I’ll deal with all the cancer talk if James Connor can just not get injured
Fire randy
"Oops, back to the not so special teams.  Steelers need to shake off the typical early season jitters sooner than later this year."
"Ben’s not accurate today, but let’s give him a shot to warm up a bit. I trust him to turn it around."
Wtf are these calls?
Our best bet to score a TD right now is a defensive one.
Does Randy know it’s not Duck and Mason anymore? What the fuck are these play calls?
IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT YOU DONT LIKE STEELER FOOTBALL
I just want an offensive series where Ben calls his own plays.  I think the O would benefit from it.
LETS GOOO
Whole team playing like trash right now
PURE WATTAGE!!!!!
Okay. Don't tackle or anything...
"Conner already has his ankle taped and this man hasn’t done anything 🤔
Is he just made of glass?"
TJ WATTTY
"TJ!

Gotta do something with this"
thank god
TJ WATT
Watt!!!
The savior
TJ!!!
TJ WATTTT BABY
Best Watt
Needed that!!!
I love TJ
Momentum shift lets get it
YEA BOI
Let's go watt you fucking beautiful beast
LFG TURN DOWN FOR WATT
TJ!!!
WATT!
Bortles is still available. At least he’s funny.
TJ Watt is the sexiest man alive
TJ FUCKING WATT
FUCK YES TJ WATT MOTHER FUCKING HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck yeah TJ!
TJ!!!!!
DPOY
TURN DOWN FOR WATT!
Tj single handedly gonna win this game
DaNnY DiMeS iS sO GooD
Nice pick
TJ WATT
Finally. A running back.
TJ Watt new tight end
OK TJ
God fucking bless tj watt
Can TJ just play quarterback too
WATT SZN BITCHES
MOTHERFUCKING DAD!!!!!!!!!! YEEEEEEESSSSS
KEEP GIVING THE BALL TO BENNY
TJ WATTTTT
Claypool time.
Leave Snell in for fucks sake
Keep Snell in pls
There's the real Giants.
tj watt
SEE THAT MAN? I LOVE THAT MAN
Snell gonna be rb1
"I said it last season and I'll say it this year:

If this D was paired with the 2017 offense.... We would never lose."
Watt interceptions make me erect
Juju with a better block than any of our linemen tonight right there
Love to see that from TJ. we know he can pressure but when he’s emulating his brother it’s glorious
1.21 TJ WATTS!!
LFG TJ
TJ Watt. That's all that needs to be said.
"Man, what a great play by TJ!"
BUILD ON MOMENTUM
Watt MVP
oh boy! another run! i wonder what the next play will be?
LIL SWATTY GETS A HOLD OF ONE ATTABABY
Snell is looking much better this year
Snell and mcfarland is the future
Snell needs to be the go to back already
Stupid Garrett was doing well by going spread then decides to go 3 TE - instant pick.
Sigh
What the fuck Ben!!
Here comes the deep ball
you old dumbass
Absolute joke for Tomlin not to call a timeout there.
I am curious about Mcfarland
Hopefully a good run by Snell keeps him in the game.
What’s happening
These refs suck
Ol looks bad
There’s that man!
He didn't drop it fuck yeah
You need angry North and South running when your O line is playing like crap. This is a Benny Snell run game now.
There's Ebron!!!
Hey. Ebron.
Ben doesn't want to be fed. Ben wants to hunt. 3rd and 1 is too easy
yes sir!!!!
EBRON HAS ARRIVED
YESSIR
My annual rage of steeler penalties lol now it’s football season.  Good throw to make up for it.
Can't sleep Ben. Nice one Ebron.
Ebron has arrived!
ERIC FUCKING EBRON!
Let's go Ebron
Yeah play action doesn’t work when you can’t run the ball
"I’m okay with that play, I’d rather him throw that out"
"Enron big boi, peepers smol boi"
DJ was wide open
Get that fucking first down maaane
Not digging sidearm Ben
Yeah!!!!
Coaches aren't trying to win the game in one quarter. It takes time to see what works and make adjustments.  Looks like Pitt is making the adjustments up front.
Looked like such an overthrow for a second
JUJUUUUU
Diontae just stood there
LetsfuckinGOOOOO
JUJU!!!!!!
Vance Macdonald or Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer?
JUJU ON THE BEAT
Juju sighting
JUJU
WE LOVE YOU JUJU
Great fucking play
There. We. Go.
IM FULLY ERECT!!!!
Fuck me daddy
Bruh
oh boswell....
Lol Boswell. Good shit tho JuJu
JUJU BABY!!!
Lmao Boz
Juju 😎
Really Boz
JuJu!!
Fuck bos
STEELERS ARE BACK AFTER THAT KICK!!
Juju out here not doing it for the hoes but for boujee 😭👌
Still losing
Lol even a high school DC would know not to run an 8 man blitz on Ben fucking Roethlisberger
Let's go! Beat the Giants!
Rather him miss early than later
Where are all you fuckers calling Ben done at? Better start apologizing.
Ngl Boz Thats not good
JUJU BABY
Laces out
wait what did  he miss?
Man even Bos is rusty.
"Yes Juju!!!! Never doubted that kid, not once!!!"
For fucks sake
Good God I've missed that mam
Boz demigod :(
Everyone with PIT -6 just groaned
Jesus the self inflicted wounds are killing us
"Sick, Boz"
Fuck our special teams.
Snell with the great blitz pick up
"I see our special teams is still ""special"""
That was a great throw. I'm so happy ben is back :')
Welp he picked the correct one to miss so far
Good. Now let’s do it without a shortened field. TJ won’t be able to deliver great field position every drive this season.
"Why do I fool myself into thinking I enjoy being a Steelers fan? Just being dramatic, but for real I hope we get it together a bit"
Hell no Giants. We're not losing to the Giants. We just need to knock a little bit of the rust off.
Special teams gotta tighten up
Class of 2017 (not you Connor) showing out so far but what’s new.
if i have to see that damn pa lottery groundhog one more time i am gonna shot it and then myself
Snell running hard & picking up blitzes. Keep him out there.
"So, I prefer hard shell tacos over soft shell. However, after one bite, everything falls out of a hard shell so bad. So I went with a soft shell tonight, an d I hope you all understand.

Thank you."
Did y’all catch that? Boz the only kicker to not miss a PAT all last season missed his first this year smh
They keep trying to run lmfao
Dupree killing it
Bud trying to get another franchise tag week one
Our run defense is crazy good
The ESPN watch app sucks donkey balls. It keeps refreshing.
[deleted]
"Saquon is getting absolutely stuffed

Edit: oops"
Any chance we can keep Bud?
Bud got infinitely better after we paired him with TJ
Our d line is the opposite of our o line
Wherever Bud goes he's gonna get PAID.
Utterly pathetic
THE FUCK WAS THAT HALF ASSED SIDELINE BLOCK
BUD COMING FOR THE CASH
Yeah he’s fucking good. Back at it
Embarrassing
We can never just come out an blow a team away. Always gotta be some bullshit. Its really getting old.
OPI!
I’m not worried this D is GOATED
"Seemed a bit soft to me, but so was the one on us."
Weak calls for both teams
DOWN!!!!
3rd and 27
BINCE!
Intentional grounding?
Why is Conner hurt? I didn’t see what happened
So many screens
D IS ENERGIZED
Ouchh
VINCE WILLIAMS
🅱️Ince!
Well we know the Defense never lost a step from last season
Fuckin teleported back there!
SIT DOWNNNN
Holy shit Vince is having a game.
I wanna see some bombs thrown. Put these receivers to work.
"I think if they run another screen again even with the same blitz. We will wreck it, tackle the qb and tackle the guy he's taking to. With 8 dudes back there ez pz"
You stooge!
Bad from Banner there
Ben... you okay my dude?
Not much pocket protection yikes
Banner is an awful tackle
No call for grabbing the neck?
"Eh, his first read had a slow release and by then he was dancing to avoid the sack."
"These play calls man, wtf."
Time for a turnover.
Giants start at midfield
Punt return coverage is not looking too hot
Bet that's just a chemistry miss there. Ben wasn't expecting Ebron to get so shallow so quick.
Hell yeah Colquitt.
I'm ok with AV walking this upcoming off-season
"That thing they do when they run the ball back after the punt return, is that allowed?"
D just needs to keep us in this until the O shakes off this rust.
Ben might need to take snaps out of the pony to quicken his clock
Why didnt we re-sign finney again
We are in the back field every play
Neither team can run
Ilkin sounds terrible. The broadcasters are also out of synch and Tunch is sounding slow.
"Sans some of the secondary miscues, D is looking pretty good"
Barkley gonna get himself killed if he keeps leaping.
Bush ain't having none of that hurdle bullshit.
Geez turn down the fake crowd noise on the 2 yard gains
I feel like they’re going to bait Saquon into a hurdle he’s going to regret immediately.
"That o line got scared by Hilton getting ready to blitz earlier, not a surprise they false started again"
He has to keep his arm cooking?
Tackle was made with 1:51 on the clock & they don't call a timeout until 1:42?
Missy just said Ben is going back in
"Keep trying to hurdle us, Saquon, I promise it's not going to work out for you"
Damn 6 tackles already for Devin Bush. He'll be in the lineup the next 13 or so years
What the fuck are we doing?!
These play calls...
Diontae TD incoming boys
Are we really running sweeps under 2 min
End around are the worst plays ever
Bens suit looks 2004
More Washington
JWASH
"More Claypool, less Conner."
Tbh maybe Ben needs to throw a classic boneheaded INT so he can get over it and crank the offense into desperation mode lol
Washington got away with a small push off there
Haha schuster-smith
"Dionte is not having a strong first half, yikes"
DJ not having a good night so far
Diontae having a tough time tonight
Juju and the defense carrying the team
Johnson isn’t having a great game. I’m really high on him and hope it’s just jitters.
Does randy know he could call those plays outside of the hurry up?
Juju eating so far gotta love it
That was unnecessary when he was already going down.
Sum rumbling stumbling bumbling running
Good to see that JuJu is JuJu again
That's my quarterback 😍
You’re telling me Brady doesn’t get a flag for getting hit with that slide?
When was mike vick added back to this team???
WASHINGTON NEVER QUIT!  KEEP.  PUSHING!
Ben out there showing up Lamar
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is dispelling pretty much any of the concerns I might have had about Ben.
🍻 bois
James with some serious fight for that TD!!! You love to see it!!!!
HERE WE GO!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!!!
Let’s go James
Yes James Washington! No stopping him
Washington to Barkley: I can jump too.
Oh that second effort was great
Ok we're starting to slowly get our shit together
WASHINGTON I KNEW IT
Woo!
These are the Steelers I was hoping for
damn James 😎
[deleted]
That was apathetic goal line tackling if I've ever seen it
HE HELD ON TO THAT BALL LIKE HE WAS ANGRY
CARRY THAT BALL LETS GOOO
Washington beating it!
Lol that safety
Yes or No: Ben comes out with a knee brace on?
That boi strong!!
LFG!
Is games being streamed free in the nfl app going to be a regular thing this season or is it just a week one thing. And can someone PM me a link to a free streaming service lol
Ben is shaking his hand just like when he tore one of those tendons.
"We get the ball to start the 2nd half, right?"
considering how slow ben usually starts the fact that he hasn’t made too many mistakes is nice
Snell is looking pretty good
Look at Benny go!
MAKE SNELL THE STARTER
Finally there’s a hole
"WTB 1 playaction now, long pass to Claypool again please"
Snell> Barkley
"Snell, Bell, Denzel... Steelers winning the Super Bowl"
Is conner out?
So Conner is a bit injures or Benny snell just getting the snaps
Nice play by bradberry
Connor is injured for everyone asking
This is what I think is different between the Steelers and the Patriots.  The Pats like to grind the ball down the field.  Just get first downs.  The Steelers will take so many high-risk plays on third down that they kill so many drives.
Dammit
How do you let him leak thru
Damn :/
Slayton is playing so well
Just can't defend a god damn pass on 3rd down.
Conner benched I guess
Once we start getting pressure we can’t fucking cover
How is Jones making these passes?
Edmunds is the only bad thing about this defense
We need to play man to man
How the heck was that not holding?!?!
Edmunds sure ain't his brother...
Is it me or does this game recording have a yellowish tin to it what they recording with?
oh lawdy save us
Head shake
Can someone let the defense know that haltime is over
How was SB that open
Claypools catch was huge because I kept expecting a lot of ohhhhhhh awwwwww but nothing cuz no crowd and it was like nothing happened lol. Still wierd without fans/
How the fuck was he that open
God he’s just wide open
When did Jones get so good he keeps making plays despite being swarmed. Just made another big throw to saquan.
STOP BLITZING HILTON!!
"3 plays in a row one of our D-Line is on the ground. Split seconds away from a sack.

Can they respond though"
This is so dumb lol
It’s only a matter of time before Jones gets wrecked again.
Why is our 3rd down Defense so much worse than the rest of the downs
dude this is fucking pathetic
Our defense is making Daniel Jones look like Brady
What is this coverage...?
Lets get a stop here
Why are we not covering check downs? This pussy is afraid to throw it downfield make him do it
"Barkley, 12 carries for -2 yards... Crazy good."
Always a wide open player at the sticks.
Let’s give them ten yards of cushion!!!!!!
Butler needs to change it up. Jones is killing our D on the sides.
Why is no one near the line of scrimmage!
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
CAMM
YESSSSSSS
Fucking LOL big Cam!!!!!
LET'S F*CKING GO!!!
Lol
What a shit show of a drive. They adjusted to the blitz and we’ve not adjusted back.
LETS GO BIG BOY
Yessirrrrr
Lolol lehhhh goooo CAM
Hell YES!!
HEYWARD MY BOIIIIIII LMAOOO WTF
Lmao cam
Fuck marked on the 1/2 yard line wish it was a TB but it’s better than the giants scoring!!
Making him a hall of Famer tonight I see
Heyward there to save the drive!!! LETS GO
Big man with the ball!
Ok off topic but the progressive commercials are kinda funny
I was literally typing great defense doesn’t allow 18 play drives lol
DAMN DANIEL
Thank the lord
AHHHHHH INT
Lol
MOTHER OF GOD
MUH DOOD!!!!
Oh thank goodness
HEART AND WANT!!
"Thank god for Tuitt and Bud!

I would just like a word with Butler about why he brought back the Prevent Defense? I was happy it went the way of the Dodo bird."
I want to bitch slap Adam Shefter.
We were at the 20? I’ll take it
I cannot deal. Please let me know how we’re doing?
That drive was giving me anxiety.... good thing Heyward is my therapist
"That's great they got the INT, but they need to figure this shit out. The Steelers aren't moving the ball well enough on offense to give up these long drives like that."
"Edmunds is just another Barron but can't lay down the boom.

There you have it"
Wouldn’t be upset at all if we paid Bud
Damn it
thank god
19 plays. 4 3rd down conversions. A 4th down conversion. All to end in a goalline pick. Holy shit.
Dear god we have no RB's
SWEET CHRIST
We gotta pay bud
LMFAO. typical stuff
I was *just* about to say how much I like Snell....
Alright guys don’t attack Snell here. He’s in his 2nd year and mistakes happen. Thankful for Juju
WE GOTTA PAY JUJU TOO
Nice hustle by Ju Ju Smith Schuester
I love ya Benny... but hang on to that shit...
Good job Juju
TWO HANDS ON THE BALL
You got lucky on that one Snell.. Way to pounce on it JuJu
THANK FUCKING GOD!
Thank God for Juju!
Juju Crunches!
"Sonuvabitch not this again...

Edit: THANK YOU JUJU"
More of those slants
Does juju get points for a fumble recovery?
Good job juju being johnny on the ball.
Juju
Look for Claypool!
Johnson is in his head
Oh baby we movin!
I lost a ball once.  Sniper back in 'Nam.
"Okay, Diontae. More of that"
Johnson made up for the miscue
That wasn't Johnson's fault Ben threw it to him without his head turned
I came in late because of work.  Is Conner out?
There you go DJ
Nice place Johnson.
That’s how you bounce back!
"Miscommunication with Johnson, showing that lack of history between them."
Feel like johnson looks confused after most plays lmao
Y'ALL LEAVE DIONTAE ALONE
"Throw that the fuck away Ben, sacked a mile out of field goal range"
WHERES THE HOLDING
When did Al become a teddy bear?
Johnson redeeming himself straight away.
Ben has so much time to at least throw it away
Big al
Ben come on son.
Beautiful route
Fuck....
Here comes the FG 3 playcall
Wtf was that Ben
We gotta get one more stop and score and it's all good
So did Conner get hurt or did he get benched?
There are not enough substances I can take to help my anxiety if they keep playing this way the rest of the season
kick out of bounds???? come on man
Boz..........Da fuk
How hard is it to kick the ball straight down the fucking field
I think the coaching staff is seeing who deserves to be demoted Johnson or Washington before giving Claypool more snaps
"Jesus fuck, Giants' linemen end up blocking Barkley instead of blocking for him"
Hilton
There was never a day I lost my faith is boz. But damn dude what the hell lol
Steelers football at its finest. Ya never know what ya gonna get!!
Boswell bought out by the defense. Imagine that!
If we get a touchdown I think it might be over but only if our D locks them down again
Put em to bed
Here comes Run Run Pass Randy
Time for the classic steelers roulette. Do we put the game away or do nothing and give the giants life?
How many times is the Olineman going to run into the RB?
Lol. Conner.  There wasn't another prediction that was a sure thing leading into this season.
"Freaking Connor... I feel bad for the guy...that sucks. OK Benny, get ‘Em!"
That throwing motion look really weird
"Which side of the Oline is worse, left or right?"
"I feel like ""Conner getting injured"" space on the bingo card is that free space in the middle of the card."
"Claypool is great, but JK definitely would have been a nice pick ngl"
We're making a killing in the Johnson market.
Are the announcers coming in static for you guys? They’re cutting in and out for me
This team. It looks good.
Conner is done..it's Snell SZN
I like when the commentator said Snell plays a little angry.
I've had Conner as a late round keeper for a couple years. This year I drafted Snell in the last round for this exact reason.
Lol Belichick would never allow for them to rotate players that poorly
Haha the mics must have picked up a swear
I like we are using misdirection on these motions but we keep running in the direction the receiver motions which is weird
Is this a 10 minute drive?
I think i’m in love
DAAAAAMMMMMMNNNN. I haven't seen a throw like that in a while!
JUUJUUUUU
JuJu!
Still dropping dimes
You think they’ll go for 2 here for a chance to make it a 3-score game?
Shushu mifuture!
Maybe they shouldn't have ran off 10 minutes just to throw a pick lol.
I think I can breathe again
with every good play there is always a negative
Damn :((
Ugggh
Yoooooo defense. Where the fuck did you go?!
Ok please don’t make me nervous now
No....
Nelson you twit
We’re just giving them 4 yards for free every play
I thought they were letting in 16k fans for this game?  guess not?
Nope
Whomp whomp jump ball.
ggs
Good shit juju
I want the 4th and 15 replacement for the onside kick.
"Wait hold up, Tuitt is hurt??"
Tj watt did good there
Is that Dotson ar right guard?
Alright!! Good start to the season
Good start.  Hope we make the rest of the season without any major injuries.  I wanna be watching black and gold on TV in January.
"My issue isnt that Diontae made a mistake, it's how much of a punk he becomes when people are trying to criticize him. Just shut the fuck up, and realize that people want to make you better. 

That's what pisses me off."
I will give the juiciest handjob to the next punter we sign that isn't ass
bUt eDmouNdS tAcKleS gOod
Good one refs
PI this week is absolute bullshit
I fucking cut my big toenail and shit fucking hurts bad
"am i seeing things,or are Bens passes kinda.... soft? floaty? they dont seem to have much velocity."
"Every game every season this team comes out and looks like shit.

I dunno why it just does. Is it the players? Coaches? Coaching decisions? It really baffles my mind."
"I've said it before and I'll say it again...

Edmunds is not a started in any team, let alone ours

This sunk cost fallacy needs to stop"
"HE'S NOT GOOD, HE JUST CAN'T PLAY IT'S OVER YOU DRAFTED A FOURTH ROUNDER IN THE FIRST TAKE YOUR L AND MOVE ON FFS"
This is beyond frustrating. We're going to get torched by a real offense. Give me a break.
"This is 100% defensive play calls being trash completely relying on the players talent to bail us out

Thanks cam"
Who sneezed on Connor this time.......
Can we stop acting like this game was already over.
Missing Switzer?
Donate Johnson what a guy
An age old tradition of playing down to shitty opponents
Bring back Switzer dammit.
"Diontae needs to learn when he fucks up to shut his ass up and take the criticism instead of just walking away.

Getting sick of his attitude fr"
Switzer is an ass receiver but I'll concede he would have made that catch
God bless this defense
That was a fumble lol
"Ben has 0 TDs so far, obviously he's washed up and the season is over /s"
Randy gonna randy
Pick six incoming
Remember when we all hated Todd for being a bad play caller? .....yeah
"Only 10 minutes before seeing a ""fire Tomlin"" 😟"
I am showing up to the thread a few minutes late and I was wondering if you guys turned on the team yet. I have to say... I'm proud of you guys. Not as negative as I expected.
Ben smiling when he was on the ground :D
Oh my word Claypool
FIRST CATCH FOR MAPLETRON
Benny snell is better than Conner
"Claypool came through big there. That was an awful throw. Your WR shouldn’t have to wait for the ball. But Claypool made that happen,"
Conner is no bueno
Why r they forcing this wildcat thing
I don't trust Conner's ball security
stop shitting on james conner he can’t run if we only call off tackle plays and get our o-line eaten up every time
Conner looks like he’s running at half speed.
Edmunds is going to turn into Artie. He is going to progressively just slowly get worse and worse until he costs is dearly.
Fade me
Nelson is getting smoked tonight.
I'm just here to see Yinzers overreact
Great throw. Still not going to be enough to beat us.
Get Conner off the fucking field
Imagine being Mike Tomlin and not having the IQ to bench Conner
Don't blame that missed catch on Ben. That was all on Connor.
Big Ben lookin like trash
JUJU!
Boz... I thought we fixed everything last year?
LMAO HOW BOSWELL
I bet I could drop kick Boswell through the uprights.
Wake the fuck up Boz.
"Boz, why? Cmon man"
"*opens game thread hoping it will be less toxic this yr*

Nope... still trash"
Something something Switz.
Gotta hit that pass to be super owl contenders.
I was already having a shitty day. This doesn’t help
Radio just said Ben's arm is in an air cast and Mason is warming up
I apologize if I'm ranting but I'm tired of seeing Villenueva get pushed 5-10 yards deep in the backfield every play
Bell is out for hamstring multiple weeks. Can’t help but shake my head at that train wreck
Man Id be fine if we just cut Conner if it saved us money some how or traded him to some team that wants him. Snell is doing a way better job and we already know what Samuels can do.
"Dang, Bradberry came up clutch for the Giants there"
Stop running it so much
Our defense is looking really good.  Big Ben playing his first game in two seasons isn’t looking too bad either
This defense does too much for the offense to do nothing.
I hate edmunds so much.
Where is Watt? Where is Heyward? Ghosts out there when Jones drops back to pass
This is a fucking joke. They’ve converted on 3rd down like 3 times and 4th down once just on this drive.
JFC DONT SCARE ME LIKE THAT
"OK...what’s the deal with Claypool? Is he injured? Did he do something wrong that we aren’t privy to? All I know is that he made that excellent catch and hasn’t seen the field since(that I noticed).

EDIT: never mind..."
Announcers are sooo ass tonight lmao
"Good win tonight but can’t get cocky. It’s just the Giants. We have more soft teams than not on the schedule and the extra wild card spot will certainly help. But we’re still a division with Baltimore, one of the favorites to win the conference. And the road through the playoffs will still go through KC. Good win tonight but don’t get cocky. It’s an uphill battle. Just keep your heads clear and keep moving forward."
This prevent D is gonna be the reason the game looks closer than it was.
"Kirk didn’t watch last year at all lol, Vince wasn’t on the field most of the time"
Hopefully James Conner comes ready to play this week in practice and is his old self next week. He was really off today
I fucking loathe Chris Berman. He exudes 70s sleaze from every pore.
Gonna get beat by Daniel freakin Jones
Those of you calling for Switzer are fucking nuts.
"You keep trying to make Conner happen.

It's not gonna happen."
Bullshit call
So we got a vet punter who can't punt that far?
"Let’s be realistic. How much has Connor actually benefitted this team? He’s out so many games, and when he does come back in, he either lands a few nice plays, or is back on the bench with injuries. I personally feel the Steelers could do better."
Sad to say but this D is gonna have a rough time with the mobile qb's they face this year.
Guys you seem to forget the Stillers play down to their opponents and lose frequently to bad teams. Big Ben or not
Giants scored. Season is over. Terrible
Incoming idiotic hot takes about the Steelers holding a sign against racism
One fucking job Johnson!!
Just read somewhere that the Steelers are on a 24 game turnover streak. Jeeze
Hey at least Conner isn’t hurt....
well that punt looked about as garbage as our offense
Run run pass. Who woulda guessed that
"Two types of people on this sub:

Type 1 - That was the best first drive ever! So much to be optimistic about in those two runs for no gains and that fumble! 

Type 2 - OMG! THE SEASON IS OVER! WE SHOULD’VE FORCED ROETHLISBERGER TO RETIRE!!!"
"Anybody blaming Fichtner is blind. They got Ben in a manageable 3rd down, had Claypool open for a first down; and Ben blew it"
Conner stinks
"Conner not making anyone miss or fall forward.

Rough start"
Okay so that’s a couple drives in the books. What’s the general consensus on Ben?
Are you fucking serious
That crowd noise sounds fake
[deleted]
"Shit, I thought we were gonna be good this year. That PI call was straight ass though."
Conner looks like dog shit
"Not on Nelson or Minkah. Nelson had to defend a post with outside leverage, and was expecting safety help. Minkah took the cross on a jump call which he is supposed to do in Cover 3. Haden has to come off the cross and take Center field in minkahs place but couldnt get back quick enough"
James Connor has to go he’s terrible
Ben looks horrible
Y'all talked so much shit about me saying Conner is made of glass. Where y'all at now? Dude ain't it
Everyone here pissed at Conner but this offensive looked horrible at run and pass block.
"I just laughed because a comment itt is ""hello enron!"""
Boz you’re killing me man...
Lol now fg miss. As long as we have more drives like that we're fine I guess
And of course Boz misses. Always something with this team lol
Things going well so far on offense more or less and I know he's nervous but Ben's demeanor is pretty lame man. YOU'RE ALREADY PLAYING WAY BETTER THAN ANYTHING WE'VE SEEN LAST YEAR. Just calm down and youll be fine you big baby.
Boz is broken again
He pushed off less than claypool tbh
"The celebrations are getting a bit Bengals-esque. Act like you’ve been there before, boys. Don’t have to do a dance after every tackle."
Are you guys even gonna be surprised if we lose this game
Banner ain’t looking too hot out there
If Ben is hurt again we have to sign some street scrub
Lamar who?
"we often talk about what good lines do for running backs, but not what good backs do for lines. food for thought"
Conner has to find his own ride home
That was a great play by Bradbury
Is our coverage bad now?
"Keith, everything has been underneath.  Come on.  Even I can see it and I'm an idiot."
Hold up are we at the 1 or 20??
"Play calling on both sides is trash and expecting to get bailed out by audibles at the line and talent. Just like last year. And the year before. 

Imagine what this team could do with competent coordinators"
This O line gets worse every year
Man I really thought we were gonna come in and have an easy game to start off the season.... never change lers
This feels better than the mason and duck offenses. But I’m still a bit underwhelmed at the score right now
"Hey guys, did you know James Connor survived cancer?"
another first down run for nothing hehehe
But Switzer sucks
Good thing we cut switz
Diontae better ball the fuck out here and make up for his bullshit.
anyone miss switzer lmao
You crybabies cried for mason Rudolph last year. How did that work out?
"Those shitting on Conner... I guess yall think Saquon is ass too, huh?"
[deleted]
Bigger name received gets DPI there.
These guys sucking off Jones too muchh
Time to look elsewhere. Connor ain't it.
Who’s this highsmith?
Y'all wanted Switz out lmaooo
Snell is better than Connor. Change my mind.
Edmunds is fucken trash...
"Bro, straight up, Connor is playing like he swants to go and coach high school football in Iowa and Ben looks like that cadaver ligament came from Ryan Leaf.

Please don’t tell me this is a “rebuild” year."
You James Conner Apologists are really losing ammunition for your constant coddling of him. The guy can't stay healthy. And he's honestly not that good. Deal with it.
Let’s go boys and girls. I missed y’all
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKING HOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Is the streamspike guy or whatever from last year streaming games again?
"LETS FUCKING GO ITS PANDEMIC STEELER FOOTBALL, FUCK THE GIANTS"
How can Booger butcher Polamalu so badly
Why are they only showing the giants
I’m predicted 2 sacks from TJ Watt tonight!
Does anyone have a link for the NFL stream site that used to be in the NFL stream sub
AHHHHHHH YES LETS GO
Let’s Go!!!!
Anyone see any birds outside yet?
Ben looks ready!!
This is real life??????
Another season begins. Cheering you on from the UK
BIG BEN IS BAACKKK
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Let’s goooo!!!
It’s finally here boys
WHERE IS THE INTRO
Let’s go boy!!
Glad to be here. Let's go Steelers!
Lay some wood!!!
Andddd Here. We. Go....finally
Hmmmmm
Nice
They’re keeping us in base with their hurry up. Smart
Lmao did these idiots just fake themselves out of field goal range
They should of just went for it tbh
Jesus fuck
Wow
I love it
jesus
Wow.
FUCK
FUCK
Stream?
Oh fuck come on
Of course
GODDAMNIT
Wtf
Bro...
Gotta be kidding me.
joking
Way to go shithead
Not optimal
Wasn't that Giant touching the end zone when collected it?
Bruuuuuuuu
Already
We’ll be lucky to hold them to a FG here
Who started with the ball? I missed it
FUCK!!!!
We don’t deserve this defense
Shit I’m late who started with the ball?
Great D.
"But you couldn't have advanced the fumble. It would've been at the one, right?"
could've been a missed opportunity for gmen to challenge that
Crowd showed up
Wow wtf.
Horrible
Ohhhhh boy
Horrible pass block by Connor there
"well, that wasn't great"
Not an ideal start
Need easy throws to get Ben rhythm; not short runs
Nice punt Berry..... oh wait.
I bet 50 bucks on you guys to win so I hope you don’t play like shit and lose to the fucking Giants.
"pathetic start, what am I looking at"
So their D line can get to Ben but we can’t get to Jones
Minkah would have caught that
Watt in coverage.... what. the. fuck.
"Should have never cut Berryman 2 years ago, horrible."
BEAUTIFUL
BUD
Defense is FAST
BUD DUPREEEE
"God damnit, I love Bud...

It's going to hurt like a motherfucker when he leaves"
"Oh God damn, good shit Dupree!"
Daniel Jones is looking pretty good.
Dude get DJ off punts
YESSIRRRR
WOOOHOOO!  We caught a ball!   It's all downhill from here.
THROW THE BALL RAAAAAANNNNNNDDDDYYYYYYY
You know the defense is still pissed about letting 3. Offense desperately needs to give them some rest.
I just love our D
Our defense picking up right where they left off.
Someone needs to lay into Diontae and if he can't take the criticism bench his ass imo.
Pls no run run pass
Run run pass here we go
WTF. Does Ben have CONNER IN fantasy?
Hey randy I suggest you call a play that will get more than 3 yards
I forgot how frustrating this team is to start the season
"I swear to fuck I can predict our offensive play calls.

Years of predictability."
AY
Let’s give Benny some touches
HEY GUYS WE HAVE A COMPLETION!!!
Anddddddd Ben is limping hahahHhaaha
Juju looking crisp
Ok..juju 1st down...
Ben already limping
Ben looks frustrated like he wants to let loose.
"There we go Ben, effortless!!"
Thank you juju
can we abandon the run game please
Madden is gonna be pissed
JUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Our run game is 💩
Juju!!!
Nice to see we’re still essentially throwing away every 1st down
Where’s Ducky?
c’mon guys
Dangerous pass.
You don’t have to run it every first down ffs
Yikes this is extremely sloppy
Johnson is playing. Volleyball out there!
Ok. So the D need to score a few TDs... Not so bad
His back made him slow
can something go right? or
Why is Ben hobbling. I dont like that
Do you guys actually think Conner is bad or are you all overreacting? Lmao
Guys it's been 10 minutes of the 1st period of our season. Its gonna look like shit a bit
Please stop running everything through Conner
Need to get something on first downs
Maple!! 🍁🍁
Those catches tho
MAPLETRON!!!
Weak hands by johnson
For all the hype Johnson has made me flinch every time he's touched the ball.
Let's try a playaction on 1st down because these first down runs haven't done much
Nice toe tap there.
To the powers that be... we need a chat room without having to joins discord...just saying...
GREAT CATCH
Run blocking is god awful
drive baby drive
AND THAT’S ANOTHER PITTSBURGH STEELERS.....
Ben is finding his groove....
Snell future HOFer
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
Good run by Snell.
"Yeah, keep moving those chains"
There you go Conner.
Starting to get some momentum
the rush is brushing off
Never run the ball
"Did well to hold on to that, expected at this level but still"
Where’s Ebron?
FUCKING RUN!!!
Who needs receivers!
Praise B.
BOZ!!!
BIG BOY BOZ
Yikes
I'll take it
BOZGOD LIVES!
Come on ben
Coverage real good or receiving core not so much
"Better drive, points on the board, momentum is growing"
Take a shot every time the Steelers come out in shotgun on first down - meet you guys in the ER.
THE CLAPPER
This run defense is immaculate
Alualuuuuuuy
Holy shit Vince fucking stuck that TE
Alualu is always solid. Doesn't blaze the field on fire but you know what you get.
"Can't watch the game tonight, anyone can tell me how are things so far? We doing good?"
This d line is like a curtain of some kind
Shady call?
Nelson I fucking love you. So god damn underrated and a fucking beast in the secondary. Rarely hear his name and it's for good reason.
Horseshit
awesome
Cmon
That’s run stuffing is nuts
Niiiiiiice
fuck we got torched
Daniel Jones looks like less cool Bruce Campbell
anybody have a link to stream?
This is not great.  Not great at all.
So why is Ray-Ray the kickoff guy and Diontae the punt guy? Why not just one of them?
Dude. What the fuck.
We look worse than last year
Conner got some stone hands tonight.
Wtf is up with James Conner. He uh... looks kinda bad.
2 and ten what the fuck is that?
Can we fucking stop giving it to Conner? Thanks
Yeah let’s just keep giving the ball to Conner lol
Such is life
Bottom 5 team in the league
It’s pretty obvious they need to ditch that shit
Where mcfarlan
WE HAVE OTHER PLAYERS!!!!!!!
Holy shit JC pull your shit together
Sucks to suck
YAY ANOTHA 3 AND OUT
We look like caca.
This better be rust as to why this team is 90% not there. Rush defense and Bos are the only things that look good right now.
"This isn't even Conner's fault, everything is clearly going to him. If we run 100 Conner plays maybe we can get 100 yards out of him. Mix it the hell up"
Do we want to score or are we waiting for the defense to do that for us?
"LETS GO WE ARE SO GOOD


on a real note can we step it up?"
Is Conner playing injured?
Man this offense needs work
This is sad
What even is the playcalling. Maybe the qbs were not 100% to blame last year. This is just ugh.
Bens looking a little wobbly
Oof come on Connor
Yikes
i can’t believe what i’m seeing
Nothing on the ground
Averaging like 1 yd per carry. Wtf dude
C'mon Ben shake that rust off
What the actual fuck.
Your play calling is fucking atrocious lol
YIKES
Our running game ain’t working
WTF IS THIS PLAY CALLING
As an LSU fan this is why I didn’t like Canada hire.
What was the purpose of that throw? Even if he would have caught it?!
Bad throw by Ben. Bad playcall to pass behind the chains
Jarrett without Jerry might be a good thing
"""Ben and all his weapons"" ok yeah idk about this one chief"
"Well that was piss poor. Ben, pick your targets with any care at all. Washington, know where your blockers are and fuckin aren't man"
Let’s be honest bens finished
Oline has been bad and Snell looks good so let’s just run with Conner on every 1st and 2nd down
Horrendous play calling. Losing the field position game. Looks like we’ve made no improvement from last year.
Are you guys really surprised we came out slow and unprepared
That's a TD if our long snapper doesn't get him there.
Picking up where we left off last year. This is awful.
"Steelering is back on the menu, boys and girls"
Yeah I'd like if we don't punt to that guy anymore.
They know this isn't a pre-season game right?
Even if that throw is good he still had to get past the line of scrimmage
All I know is blocking seems to be one of the main keys of our failure rn
So far our offense looks identical to last year. Awesome.
TJ
Finally!!!
YEEEEEEAH
TJ Fucking Watt!
Let’s go!
"Let’s not panic, we knew it was gonna take some time to get right. Been a while since Ben has played and then you gotta consider not having much practice. We will get it going soon enough."
Lol ok
"don't know about you guys, but the Giants look more intense to me on all 3 sides of the ball so far.  hopefully, our superior talent shines through by the end."
Pain
"I’m trying to stay optimistic. We had no preseason, so we’re a little rusty..."
TJ....
Best player in the league
Ben looking rusty AF when it comes to making reads.
TJ WATT
Yeah baby
DPOY!
"Defense gonna have to carry a bad offense again it seems, at least they're up to the challenge it seems like."
TJ WITH THE LURK
Yes!!!
U have to capitalize
"Are we allergic to passes that go 10-15 yards?
Fucking screens or bombs. That’s it. 

And more screens than anything else."
Thank goodness
WATT
TJ and Bud still the men!
The offense is the defense.
MARRY ME
There he is!! TJ is a god
TJ!
"Run game not hot, BUT LETS KEEP CALLING RUN PLAYS"
TJ!!!!
This is a classic Tomlin start to the season.
It's hard to tell if we're compensating for Ben being washed or if Randy is genuinely that bad.
Perfect
WATT!!!!!
Let's goooooooooo
TJJJJ
HOLY FUCK WATT!!!!!
Here cones a screen to Conner
Is Randy still our OC or what?!
Watt should play WR
At least the Run D looks good? That's all I've got. This has been a huge smack back down to reality so far.
fuck yeah!!!!!
Shades of James Harrison dancing in their heads
The Giants look like world beaters and we look like garbage.
"Cant tackle, can't catch... This is going to be a ROOOOOUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH one, lol."
WA WAAAATTT?
Now here's a novel idea: try a pass beyond the line of scrimmage
Wow that’s huge
LETS GOOOO
"Don't worry guys, it's only preseason...right?"
Snell for starter.
LET'S FUCKING GO
Keep snell in and pound it
"This feels more high school than normal with no one in the stands. Run, run, dink, punt."
FEED 24 MORE
Chill people. We need 14 points on offense. Our D is good to stop
TJ looking to get that DPOY to shut up his bro lol starting game 1. You go TJ
Oh look! A running back!
I think im going to buy a Colquitt Jersey
Everyone commenting like they don’t know the Steelers have sucked first week for years lmao it’s been 18 minutes
Kirks doing alright
TJ!
Yes! My guy!
Watch this guys. Gonna call a run play
Oh another run
TJ!!!!
Benny looks faster and leaner
Lol what a dummy
Run on every first down smhhhhhhhh
Nice block by JuJu
"Jesus fuck our defense is hard carrying, let's try not giving conner the ball this drive"
MVP!
"Nice play tj, now let's feed james connor the rock every play."
Punch it through dammit
That's it Benny!
Benny looking real good
Terrible spot.
He got it he got it
Keep Snell in over Connor
Benny>Conner by a MILE
Has Derek blocked once for either Conner or Snell?
If that short gain was Connor you guys would be freaking out..
Snell looking like the number 1 now.
James Connors ankle really must be bothering him
wtf are we doing
We need the preseason
Fuck you Kirk Herbestreit you fucking motherfucker
??!!!
I felt that WHAT
We just need to run Benny Snell Football.
Fuck them refs
Ebron!
Ebron!!!
Throw dat hoe
FINALLY
"he is just pressing the previous play button, isnt he?"
Hello Enron!
Jesus Ben
"""WHAT?!"""
There we go
We’re playing like a team with no pre season and a QB coming back from missing a year.  Hopefully we can get this TD and get in rhythm quick
That’s nice throw
Eh fuck it didn't matter a yard or 6
Conner already getting injured. Tough man
Wtf was that
Ok its first down lemme guess...run run pass?
Thanos couldn’t catch that
tomlin you don’t have to cover your mouth this year
Nice
I imagine we have a rough 2 weeks on offense while everyone gets gelled together. We just look so rough because this is literally game 1
I knew there would be problems even with Ben. Remember game 1 and 2 last year?
18 was wide open there.
Thats more like it!
Ben!!!
Nice
D-I-M-E
LFG!!!
Nice catch!! Let’s goooo
Glad they finally put the artificial crowd lol
This game has reminded me of my immense hatred for Herbstreit
Bruh
That’s more like it!!
Ben is SLINGING.
Wtf
Macdonald got that flow
A little to ansy
EZ SHIT
GGFGGGFDRYINVFGF DT FFFHHFGHHH JUJU!!!
Nice duck for TD. I'll take it.
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT
A missed PAT...?
Let’s gooooooo
Good pick up by snell
"Jeez they're throwing everything at that O-line.

For the most part we got no time."
Dude
I see you Juju!
Wtf. Bosgod
Of fucking course
PAT no good yep sounds about right
Aw shit is the Boswell curse back ?
Wtf Boswell
"Not godly, Bos...not at all"
boz how the fuck
WTH Boswell i hope this isn’t like 2018 again.
BOSWELL COMEOOOOOOON
Juju smeeshoo
Man...we can’t catch a break. WTF is wrong with this team?
Leggo Bowell
BOSWELL NO
Bosmells
Really Boz?
So many mistakes
[deleted]
"Could have been the hold, would need to see the replay. Bos and Colquitt have worked together for barely any time."
Bud is insane
Dupree is a beast tonight.
Man our run defense is great
Anyone else’s ESPN app keep crashing?
FuboTV keeps crashing
"Guys, extra points are really hard...for us."
Bud is going to get all the Brinks trucks
Wait.... we cannot let bud go.... ever...
I'd like if the giants keep tryin to run. That's helpful for us.
Dupree is a monster!!
"Ah fuck, Bud is making me hard .."
Giants o line is so bad
i knew dupree wasn’t a one year wonder
Can’t run on the bud
The X and long special
Bud nearly got there before the ball was handed off.
"Tbf, it was Hilton that he hurdled"
What the fuck is wrong with this team? Jesus fucking Christ. TACKLE!
Opi there.
Yeah whatever Saquon
Fuck yes
CMC and Saquon are just different breed of running backs
Ref’s quiet af
You can only hope to contain saquon
"""Edmunds isn't bad he just isn't a superstar and that makes him look bad"""
Oh damn. That was a big one
Holy shit theyre actually calling OPI this year
Fully expected a RTP call there.
Safety professionals in the house
Giants thought they made progress on that short pass but punted from where they started.
That's a poor effort by Banner.
Get outta the end zone biiitch. Lol.
This is the same old offense
That was so close
Another drive where the Giants start at midfield.
That was officially the first time my heart has stopped this season.
Conner injured?
Good throw
[deleted]
That cartwheel
"Damn, defense!!  We have some spots open in offense if you want to submit an application..."
Banner dreaming of being an eligible receiver instead of blocking.
My fucking god... an arm sleeve?
That’s a hugeeeeeee Bush
Devin tired of the hops
Saquon is gonna get killed
O/U on how many times Hilton geys hurdled?
do you have to register to use nfl bite now?
Barkley jumping like he is fucking Charles Barkley.
Boomed him
Hilton not having a fun night with Barkley lol
These are some pretty weak commentators
Hope the 2 minute offense is up to it.
Mr. President!
"I remember a few years ago when I would dread third and longs because we would always give them up in a silly way.

Now I get pumped up expecting someone to get trucked or a turnover."
This play calling is fucking depressing. Fuck this ancient ass play calling. We need an update!
Wasting a lot of time
What the hell was that play?
"Run defense looks nice, gonna be big against the Ravens"
Ben is panicking in the pocket
Offense seems to be getting in sync now.
Washington!
Is this...what an offense feels like?
Nice little play there
Good decision going oob
JuJu is back to 2018 form
Diontae Johnson needs to get his hands straight
Schuster Smith? Lmao
JuJu doesn't look happy.  I hope he doesn't know something we don't.
"Very bad, get him out of here for now.

Muffed a punt, dropped a first down pass. We don’t need this."
"Gotta utilize the middle now, make those timeouts useful"
what's with the eyeball stickers on the front of JuJu's helmet?
Nice play by Washington
Daaaaaaaaaaamn
Go for two?
My dude Jimmy Worshington
Fucking incredible
Tomlin: slapass
Boss James
Thank you Boz.
Textbook
We back baby
LETS GO
That was beautiful!
Double down on both sides!
[removed]
What a play!!!
Giants secondary is shockingly bad
Boom baby
Is optimum down for anyone else
Was he touched?
That would've been a really good run
"When’s the last time Conner got a handoff? Not complaining, mind you."
"I was editing my essay somewhere else, why are you guys saying stop the noise?"
Why’d they blow it dead?
"Oof, good play by the Giants D"
Damn Conner benched?
"God damn Washington almost had that, great coverage and hands by Bradberry."
Never been more excited about a punt before
Defense time
BOOM
This defense makes my pp hard
My defense is hungry!!
lucky catch. Thats 3 more times we can hit Jones
Hilton grabbing the strap of a glove. Sneaky sumbitch lol
jesus man.
Christ
Vince on slayton
3rd down is automatic
Teams are gonna keep throwing at edmunds
Ok Minkah. Your up
Terrible
Smh
kinda pathetic?
If we could stop a damn 3rd down and long...
Wow. This defence totally fell off second half
How was nobody with the RB
What is wrong with this secondary??
Saw that coming a mile away
"I saw 4 Steelers surrounding Jones, with nobody in between, and thought Jones was dead. The mad lad pulled it off."
"That Giants offense shouldn't be able to move the ball on us like this, come on."
"Wow Jones straight scared of the defense, didn't even try to extend for the 1st."
Daniel MontanaBrady
just take ur fg lol
Jones sound like he was about to cry on that Ohama?
Stuffing the line isn't working anymore.
They are wearing us out with the hurry up and moving the chains
Lol why are these guides wide open?
How are they open like that every time?
Come on
This is insane
"Hey Kirk, who is Dan Johns?"
That was a pick
Giants finally getting double digit positive rushing figures.
what a fucking joke.
Daniel Jones eyes down exactly where he gon throw
this fucking sucks
Check down defense has been abysmal
This is terrible
We're getting fucking nickel and dimed off this soft zone
Just leaving guys wide open on big plays.
Beautiful
Lmao
Bahagahahaha
Dupree and hey ward let’s ho
Oh my God is this what we are doing now
LMAOOOO
Lmaooooo
Gotta play tighter on these guys. Too worried about the run in touch down and letting them make small gains.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Bud Dupree is my dad
I just cannot with this soft zone BS
They're playing 500
Play Sutton more then Hilton. Hilton is having a rough game
"Well, at least the D still looks good.  Great pressure, great stop."
FUCK YES BOYS
Coverage is so bad tonight it takes a d-lineman to get the INT
So no more Connor? Need for fantasy
Terrible decision to pass it
GODDAMNIT
"OMG, right when Snell makes a nice run..."
Yup.
Thank god the D needs a break
"Please no

Edit: Thanks JuJu"
"Cmon man... hold into the rock...

Thank you Juju"
Remember when we could’ve drafted JK dobbins
"Yikes, gotta protect that ball."
Great awareness by Juju
JUUUJUUU
That boy juju showing the hands
Thank god
Is it just me or was every positive play on that Giants drive picking on Edmunds?
"Fudge
Edit... Lucky as hell"
Steeler ball!
Our fumble woes continue
Ffs
Oh thank god
A little RPOoooooh yeah
Bens got more yards than Conner and Samuels might have slippery hands.. Not looking to hot for the rbs..
Juju is all balls
So one bad quarter is all it took for you guys to turn on Conner?
"way to make up for it
johnson"
Dude take a seat
"Man I really wish they'd just put in Claypool. Johnson is cold tonight, let's see what the new kid can do."
Can’t lie we are looking a bit sloppy on both sides of the ball. Lack of a real preseason maybe showing?
Is Conner hurt?
humming
alright Tae let’s get that confidence back up tonight
Dj redemption
Terrible
Fuck
Ben never says die
Did something happen to Conner??
Saw a notification that Conner has no helmet. Anyone know the scoop?
Am I'm thr only one who think those snaps during the kick are bad? Dolquit does a heck of a job there
And some of you were worried.
"Boswell just trying to make it harder for the D, good guy"
What a jerk kicking that ball outta bounds like that
I thought Bos could kick? Wtf?
Oof.
3rd down have to do it
Lets keep running on 1st down!
Maybe whatever Conner is dealing with is why he wasn't making anyone miss.
Hilton be like “MR PRESIDENT!!”
Tunch is not doing well with this Covid setup. He sounds really lost.
Tick tick tick 1st down!
S N E L L sticks a knife in
How much do I hate these in game commercials...
So is Jayson Garret going to start a coup?  Is that the plan in New York?
I am jamming out to I Feel Good right now
Judge looks pissed
Wiz hurt?
Checkmate
Dotson time
That’s some good juju
And chuks time apparently
Gotta go for 2. 3 possessions is impossible for em to come back.
F
Holy hell our D is looking good...
OL went early
What OL is available?
Here We Go!
Let's keep eating D
GG
"C’mon Ben, beat Eli’s record in his house."
Of course its Juju
just run it again fuck them lol
Savage
We start with a win! FUCK YES! LETS GOOOOOO BOYS!!!!!!!!!!!
"Nelson got roasted.  Too much twitter, not enough intensity."
Someone needs to beat Butler over the head a few thousand times. Stupid ass garbage time. Shut them the fuck out. It's the Giants.
I won’t have respect for Tomlin until he benches Conner’s ass. He’s so slow and bad. Snell has a burst of energy and doesn’t go down easily
I can hear Diontae falling down the depth chart from here.
Not paying leveon is still haunting this team
Unpopular opinion. Hand on the head during a pass is definitely PI.
"Play clock, not porn cock Ben"
Banner needs to spend less time on Twitter and more time on his game
Oh look Diontae hasn’t improved one bit
anybody got switzer’s number? see if he can start returning punts again
"I hate to blame Conner, but he could’ve taken off with that..,"
Snell looked better on those two rushes than all of Connors
Defense got some issues tho
Jesus Christ Ben wake the fuck up
I’m losing it with these commercials
Keith Butler bailed out yet again by Bud Dupree
"I’m not a medical expert but I’ve read that Conner is more injury prone because of Chemo, interesting if true."
Thats the Steelers I know
FUCK YOU DIONTE!!!
💀
"Why are they not piping in noise, wtf?"
What an asshole.
He makes me feel better about my ability to catch punts; that’s not a good thing.
Leveon come back... lol
Dude Conner is hot garbage
Bench Johnson bruh
Wow
OH MAN
"At least when Snell gets hit he punishes, Conner just falls."
I got here right after DJ caught the punt by falling with it and they were up 3-0. What happened
Offense is looking A+ so far!... not.
Just once I’d like to be able to bet on a game and not have some PI call alter the outcome.
At least we get the Suck Bowl this Thursday
Is there a way to stream the game for this of us who cannot afford cable?
Kentucky football fan here that doesn’t have a favorite NFL team. James Connor fucking stinks and deserves to have his snaps replaced by Benny
Gold amid a sea of turds lmao.
The line is the problem yet Snell is actually making plays and Conner isn't. Writing is in the wall.
suck out fat dick refs
"nah, Peppers sucks balls"
Fuck off Boz
Who misses a PAT? I mean honestly.
Of fucking course Boswell missed it
These guys need to calm down. You're still not on top of the scoreboard. Stop it with the celebrations.
Oh god and thus returns the Boswell downward spirals
"Theres always something, thanks boz"
"Edmunds, new season same garbage"
Weak opi
Receivers just not getting open. Just like last year.
Gotta catch that
"Couple of guys having really rough games. Ben, Conner, Banner to name a few."
I'm not sure why they were so high on Banner anyway. As far as I remember he looked pretty mediocre last year.
[deleted]
Edmunds getting outrun by a TE... Ugh
I'll sign for the min to take edmunds spot
Rather then crawling in the ground for 5 seconds why not take 2 seconds to stand up and get the sac
Holy false start batman
"You hate to see it, but Jones is reminding me of a young Ben a little bit"
"Of course, we'll take the pick, but starting inside our own 1 is going to be rough."
Our offense is so bad
DURABILITY
...but Tomlin said Connor is our bellcow???
That’s game guys
"What silicon valley idiots think ""Honey"" is remotely gonna be successful? What a waste."
"Why haven't we seen McFarland or Derek Watt? I have a feeling we have quite a few tricks up our sleeves as the season goes on. Perhaps to throw off defenses trying to read us on tape?

Edit: ahh shit, my bad dudes."
Nelson what happened to you??
Did connor get hurt
I forgot Conner sucks
"Hope James took his education at Pitt seriously and got a degree. 

Be a shame if he didn't."
Lmao fuck off Joe.
All cause Haden
Nice to see that Tomlin is not prioritizing special teams yet again. So stupid to keep Samuels instead of Whyte. Johnson better shape up because there’s not much behind him in the depth chart.
Daniel Jones may not be as bad as expected
Lemme guess: run run pass run run incomplete punt
Game needs to end before 10pm. Our F+#;$+$. Gov banned alcohol sales after 10
[deleted]
get this old demented man off of tv
That PI call sucks but it was a good call.
[deleted]
That better be Johnson’s last punt return
"alright johnson, redeem yourself"
Jesus get Johnson outta there
"Bud - nice play, but totally unblocked.

Sutton - nice play, but if that was in open field w/o help, Barkley is gone.

Come on guys, tighten it up."
Ben looks like Joe Flacco rn
Rudy! Rudy! Rudy! Too soon?
almost unwatchable honestly
Ben cant hit a target dear lord
Maybe Ben should go back to watching porn and rub one out real quick
Worstwell again?
Be good to get Conner going.....need sustained drives
Ben looks like shit fr
Why was Barkley wide open?
Bench Johnson
Bye james
Why is Conner looking so bad ?
[deleted]
"On side kick. Giants recover.


Still no Ben"
8-8 here we come
Banner doesn’t have to try as long as he keeps it real on Instagram and Twitter 🔥😎
[deleted]
glad they didn't draft a rb....
Samuels should not play
"I would willingly strap a 45lb weight to my balls, and walk 36 miles through the Sahara, barefoot with shards of glass under my feet, if it meant I never had to watch James Conner play football ever again"
Fire tomlin thread
Have Johnson's walking papers waiting for him in the locker room.
Switzer still sucks
just cancel the season
Nice to see the Detroit Ebron showed up
The Ben era is over. It was over after AB left. That dude literally carried us.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What if we’re the team that’s bad?
Fatboy fell at the 1 instead of the endzone? Love you Heyward 💛
Just end the season now
If Johnson had been inactive that would have been better.
You can’t catch punts without preseason it’s not possible
Banner and Wisniewski blocking no one there.
What's that about Berry?
61 looks fucking lost out there.
Get MacFarland in and let's see what he can do. Conner has zero vision.
Connor with a 1st Quarter to forget so far.
We look good
Stupid Giants fans.  Hope they get hacked/s
Toxic.
Anyone saying this isn’t Tomlin’s fault at all is delusional
TANK FOR TREVOR
"Offense bad, secondary bad, special teams bad. This is going to be a long season."
If we let McDonald walk can we keep Bud?
Boz...
"So Boswell, it's early to tell. We gonna have a hot cold hot cold alternating season spread?"
"At this early point in the season, if it comes down to juju or bud we gotta sign bud."
Facemask on Ben?
3 and out 3 and out 3 and out 3 and out
Where is samuels? Inactive?
"Ok boys, give me that Mandalorian Season 2 trailer already sheesh"
I don’t like how they don’t show Steelers fans in that fan cam view. Steelers fans are known for traveling. I know the Giants are home team but the visiting team has fans too and they typically get screen time during normal telecasts.
Secondary is fucking awful
Jesus fucking Christ you dumb ass mother fuckers how is someone always open to get the 1st down
This is fucking pathetic. Do they want to win or not?
"Tbh I don’t think the Giants will score any unassisted points tonight. They’ve only scored twice so far and both of them were off gifts - one from Special Teams and one from the Refs.

I don’t think they have what it takes to go down the field and score an unassisted TD."
I love Claypool. who do we sit in the lineup though to get him snaps? Or do we let Juju go to FA and give him snaps in 2021?
I miss the good ole days when a great defense claimed 4-7 QB's a season.
[deleted]
I give big Ben one more quarter before he gets injured and out for the entire season
thanks a lot haden
Can you guys defense let us run with saquon please thanks lol
"should we just give them the TD? our defense is getting BENT OVER

jk everyone downvote my dumb ass please"
"This defense is so god fucking damn slow. Why? They're not old men, right? Jeez."
Thank God no kneelers on our side.
should be a tie game. thx boz 💩
Keith Butler runs a kiddy defense
"Call it an overreaction but Steelers offense look old, fat, and slow. 

My buddy I’m watching the game with out it perfectly. Ben has always been a great football player and an average quarterback. But he’s too old and beat up to be a football player."
This is your fault. Your fault for pushing Super Bowl aspirations on this time. Your fault for hyping up JuJu and his fort nite celebrations. Your fault for convincing me we even had a chance. Honestly I’ve seen what I need to see. Have a good one boys I’m going to buy a Joe Burrow jersey tonight. Your fault.
Trash coaching
I might just order a Boswell jersey with my Burrow color rush one
Link?
Ok I hate Boswell
"I thought for sure that the Steelers were going to cover when they were up by 16, now I'm not so sure. It's big that NY only has two timeouts left."
Thank Trump
Wow it’s almost like this sub is ridiculously optimistic and ridiculously wrong about the Steelers once again. Ben’s done
Ben doesn’t even have 200 yards yet. Did not expect him to look this scrubby and incapable
[deleted]
Fire Steven Nelson
"Get Johnson off special teams, are you fucking serious. Off the shoulder pad. Any decent team gets 7 off that muff. Unacceptable"
This team is ass just like last year
Did Flacco possess Ben?
[deleted]
im about ready to go back to boycotting sports after this pathetic attempt at start of a season. But its typical as \*&\*%&#$ usual!!!!!!!!  wake the &&&& up
Johnson’s muffed catch cost me my fantasy game and I’m really not ok about it
Ben looks done lol
Is Ben trash now?
"big bens gotta go, we need a new qb. we need a two dimensional threat at qb, the league has changed"
[deleted]
"Monstrous breakout game for Dionte Johnson. 11 catches, 158 yards, 2 TDs"
"4 - 0 Pittsburgh, in a defensive sided game"
27-10
I’ll make a prediction outside of the score. First passing TD for the Steelers will be to Ebron.
"I’m thinking we play a control the clock, long drive type of game. I’m thinking 24-10ish but a game we control (after a slow start) for most of the night."
"28-10. Im hoping JuJu will shut down the negativity and get over 100 yards with at least one touchdown. 
Claypool will get a lot of looks.
I also think that Ebron will show us something really special.
Defensively, I’m saying 2 interceptions and 5 sacks. 
Let’s gooooo"
"Sloppy and close, but Steelers 17-14. Ben throws a few picks but our D comes up with 3 takeaways. Ben takes a two minute drill down the field and Boswell hits the game winner as time expires."
""
"I like to beat teams at their best, but we're missing DeCastro, so it's only fair ;)"
""
Northeast Ohioan here!
Repping in Dublin
Excellent user name!
I’m getting harassed watching the game in Akron
"Me, too!"
Central Ohio Here
I love your earrings! Where did you get them?
"Go Steelers! Awesome first night and win for the year!!

Like the outfit!! Representin :)"
Canadian here! Repping Steelers since '09 at the age of 11. Steelers football is all I've known and all I'll ever know!
"Lol the username! 


Quality jersey too"
Steelers fan.  Check. Potter fan check. I got a wedding I’m going to in Ohio and I’m still looking for a date. Did I get on reddit at the right time? 😅
Me too girl! Go Steelers! I have my JuJu jersey and sitting in Columbus lol.
Steelers have the hottest fans...NGL
""
Pompin' ain't easy
Fuck.
Bill will be back for week 3.
[removed]
I’m here for the Ooziez generated thread! HERE WE FUCKING GO
Does Road Ben count if it's week 1 and he wants to hatefuck the media?
Anyone see any birds outside yet?
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GALS!!!!!
It got posted 50 mins ago
https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/isve6f/game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_new_york_giants
Unpopular opinion. I hate the “Who (whatever)” thing. Gives other fans something to mock when we don’t do good. Just like we do with “Who Dey” and the Bengals.
I’m so fucking anxious!! Lets start off with a big W
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Anyone else terrified by this game? On the road vs a bad team...ugh
Wake the fuck up Renegades! It's game time!!
Here we go
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!!
Is there a new /r/nflstreams?
Switz catches that....
""
[removed]
"With McFarland scratched, Whyte and Switzer cut, and Diontae being a legitimate receiver limiting his potential at returner, how do you feel about McCloud? He’s had some ball security issues in the past, but I’m hoping he’s overcome it


Edit: I’ve forgotten about Cam Sutton. Unsure of whether or not he could have beaten McCloud out."
Welp
I mean
""
same but at least they are all picking us to win because of our defense and not the killer b's
Also very interested to see how much home field is going to play a factor this season with no fans.
Randy is a genius
This
"Excuse me, but - your gameday food is GINGERBREAD COOKIES???

Jeez!"
"Then....maybe don’t pay attention to this type of bullshit?

Seems reasonable to me, at least"
""
I like it
Gotta fix that glare homie that’d drive me bonkers lol
How are you watching? I’m in Hawaii
[deleted]
""
""
IT WORKED! Keep on doing it please! 😄
Marry me
"Omg I had that same football.

Sometimes it would get spiked out of happiness. Other times out of sadness.    Usually while saying bad words. 

Hope yours had a good time tonight ha"
After last year I’m surprised you didn’t burn it all. Great game tho!
[removed]
"Thanks, I hate it"
I mean I understand it both ways. Will Switzer catch the punt? Yes. Will he gain more than 20 yards all season after a punt? Probably not
Shut up and take my upvote...
I knew a post like this was coming. Lmao
"Remember the time Switzer waved off a safety punt (which is a live ball)?

Good times."
That was quick. At least they only got 3
I agree atleast Switz didn’t give me a heart attack every punt
 Don’t start
Exactly this
If not muffing a punt is your best quality then you shouldn't be in the NFL.
"He'll be back on the team soon enough, you heard it here first"
Ray ray McCloud will muff that punt next week
"Did he never muff a punt in his career?  It happens to everyone.  You want to minimize the fumbles, but you can’t completely eliminate them"
I’m over Diontae Johnson already. He’s awful tonight
""
Let's go! Congratulations brother!
Your baby’s birth is the reason we got a win tonight. Confirmed
Little Benicia!!!!!!
Congrats bro!!! That’s our good luck girl!!!!
❤️ congratulations!!! She’s beautiful!
Congrats!
Congratulations!  Welcome to Steelers Nations!
Congrats! What dat baby name?
Welcome to the family little one! Congrats!
Congrats and Happy Birthday from Houston!
Congrats!!!
Congratulations!
"Another Texan with culture, I see.

We are taking over!"
"Boy, did we get that W"
Cangrats! September babies are the best! (my birthday was yesterday)
"Congratulations, she’s a beauty. My daughter is 9/14 as well. Have her birthday parties on Saturdays."
Hopefully she’s a good luck charm for the season! Congratulations
"Welcome to the world, baby girl! I bet you’ll bring us some luck 🖤💛🖤💛"
Congrats!
Aww welcome babby!   Congrats to you all <3
Today was a good day. Congrats!
"Congrats! Beautiful girl. Fellow Texan here! Go Steelers!

North Fort Worth"
""
"I think I heard an Eli call peppered in there, and thought it was a nice tribute — more like Dobby’s burial"
That was Peyton.
When we hear “Dilly Dilly” then we get ignant.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
"First catch in the NFL,  looking like a fucken NFL Vet...."
Body control is unreal
Inject this maple syrup right into my veins
Can we also talk about the ball placement here? Literally perfect
"Now that’s a first catch 
Can’t wait for his first touchdown"
Such a physical presence out wide we’ve needed for a long time. I think this young receiving core can do wonders with Ben healthy.
Outstanding first catch and a veteran move to go to ground on the last play of the game instead of possibly taking that sweep to the house. Great first game.
"I don't know how I feel about that nickname, but goddamn that was a hell of a first NFL catch. Most exciting part of the game so far"
"Yeahhhhh, that was fucking sick.  Even though Ben was pretty safe in this game and not really taking many shots, you still got the feeling of there's just too many guys TO throw to.  His starting 3 WRs are all good, and then Claypool comes in as a rookie making his first catch and does THAT.  

Lots of options in this passing game, and for a slinger like Ben that's going to be fun to watch.  Should be the polar opposite of last year."
Bradberry has to change his jersey from IV to V because Claypool is his daddy now
[deleted]
And I don’t think I have seen him since
Holy shit I love the name Mapletron.
I’m officially enamored 😻
"That was an NFL catch right there, to tap the toes and adjust the body to secure the ball when hitting the ground, you'd never guess it was a rookie in his first game."
was the catch of the season so far...and I refuse to call this guy Mapletron.....horrible nickname
More OPI here than the call on Engram
I strongly dislike this nickname. Give him something his. Not something that half belongs to someone else.
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"Steelers LT Alejandro Villanueva has the name Alwyn Cashe on the back of his helmet

Cashe was posthumousky awarded the Silver Star for heroism after his death at 35 while on duty in Iraq



***

posted by [@C_AdamskiTrib](https://twitter.com/C_AdamskiTrib)

 [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eh6dnGlWkAEdW-Z.jpg) 

[Link in Tweet](http://Steelers.com)


^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
""
"Two of my favorite things. Love you for this, baby.

Cornerbacks: “AHHHHH!”"
Fuck yeah
Chocolate?!?!
pay this man
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I'm a 5th grade teacher and I have been lucky enough to get in touch with a lot of colleges and have a bunch of college football helmets displayed in my classroom. 

The only NFL helmet in my class is a Steelers helmet that a friend gave me. I love it because I love the Steelers, but it's a VSR4 and I just prefer the look of the Revo Speed. 

If anyone wants to swap helmets, I could pay a bit more too. Or if anyone just wants to make an offer for the VSR4, let me know! 

Thanks!"
Can you post a picture? I’d love to see it
[deleted]
because shit happens
he didn’t miss a PAT all last season ? wtf are you talking about
Because the kicker is the least of our worries...I love me some bos
Sorry I'm with OP. After the 2018 season he should have been fired.
[removed]
The best drive of the half was the 2-minute drill Ben called all the plays on LMAO
Don't make too much noise or he'll start calling screens/running wildcat
Play calling has been atrocious so far. Hopefully they open it up in the 2nd half.
It has been like this for so long
I just wanna know why he isn't using Derek Watt
We all do.
Worst OC in the NFL. He makes me miss Todd Haley
