text
[removed]
Yeah his name is Josh Dobbs. However Mason was probably told to make sure we don’t get out of field goal range especially with how slow they got back to the line to run the one play around 25 seconds. The plan was to get a field goal and get to the locker room. It wasn’t a pretty couple of plays but nothing to lose sleep over
"Yeah, take the guy who hasn't played in 3 years, got benched twice for Blaine Gabbert the last time he played, and walked out on his team with over a year left on his contract."
No
Jesus christ no... legit should be able to bann people who suggest Kaep at this point
No
No
"We're cash strapped.

We're not looking to add veteran QB's seeking real money.

We're not looking for an heir apparent to Ben who's also in his 30's and hasn't been in the league for years, meaning he won't be ready to go right away.

We're not looking to add anyone who comes with baked-in locker room distraction.

So no.  Even if he's better than any backup we currently have -- and nobody has any idea at this point whether that's the case, except for his arm strength -- he's simply not a fit."
"Fitzmagic would be the best option. Then we could have Ben and Fitz as our Elder Beard Boys. That being said, no. Won’t happen and we don’t need anyone right now"
A decision I would have supported two years ago. But no.
"Even if you want to pretend like he's not a divisive stick of dynamite who has no interest in playing football you still can't see that he's and underwhelming mobile quarterback whos play style doesn't fit our scheme and got himself benched for Blaine Gabbert? You think that's better than a young backup who's been in our system for 3 years? 

I swear to God we're 8-0 and morons will still hunt for the same reasons to make the same arguments over and over... Embarrassing."
""
">The four players include quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, offensive lineman Jerald Hawkins, running back Jaylen Samuels and linebacker Vince Williams. All will be isolated for five days and are not permitted in the UPMC Rooney Sports Complex.

>The players will need to pass COVID-19 tests throughout the week before they before they are potentially eligible to play against the Cincinnati Bengals one Sunday. The players are permitted to take part in virtual meetings.

>The team placed tight end Vance McDonald on the Reserve/COVID-19 list on Monday evening."
""
"Depends on the cases. If they are one the “close contact” list, including today their 5 day period would end on Saturday and will be able to play on Sunday. A prime example of this would be Matthew Stafford from last week."
Everyone remain calm. We are 8-0 and we don't even know if they truly have it yet. Half the Ravens D was put on the COVID List last week and most ended up playing.
so the nfl is going to give us a bye week like they gave the titans right? /s
This doesn’t mean they’re all out right? Just that they had close contact with McDonald and need to test negative to be off the list?
Josh Dobbs > Mason Rudolph
Its only Tuesday but i’ve already turned off Sunday’s game
With the Steelers luck Jaylen Samuels will be the only one to clear protocol
Fuck you Baltimore 🖕 We know it was you
"https://ftw.usatoday.com/2020/08/nfl-covid-19-reserve-list-rules-explained

Players who test positive are split into asymptomatic and symptomatic categories. Per Packers Wire, there’s a long list of requirements for both of those types of positive tests in order to return. Here, for example, are the details for symptomatic players in order to return:

– 10 days have passed since first COVID-19 symptoms appeared

– At least 72 hours have passed since symptoms last occurred

– Return is approved by team’s physician after consulting with ICS and NFL’s chief medical officer

– Local regulations and requirements are satisfied

Players who are in close contact but who test negative need a second negative within 24 hours of their first negative, “increased symptom monitoring,” and eight days of daily testing."
Ugh. Plz no Rudolph
They were put on the list for close contacts. Ravens had 8 close contacts to Marlon last week and all 8 were cleared to play.
Can they still join the meetings through Zoom in case they can play?
Welp GG Bengals
God damn fucking fucks. Everybody else gets their fucking schedule reshuffled and we take it up the ass. Same as it ever was.
"Guys, we beat the Bengals twice last year without Big Ben, one of those times was a blowout. I think we will be fine considering the game is on Sunday so there is a chance that they can come back."
"This should not come as a any surprise considering the state of the entire country. My thoughts are with the coaches, players and their families. I hope they all have speedy recoveries and no ill effects of this terrible virus. We still don’t know the short and long term effects of this virus. There is NOTHING more important in life than good health.
STEELER STRONG!"
I fucking hate my life
"So do we get a bye now like the Titans and everyone needs to move their schedule around to accommodate us?
/s"
How she goes
Here’s a question. Heath Miller used to be Bens roommate on the road trips. Is Vance Bens roommate now since Heaths been gone? Do they even still have roommates with covid?
"As shitty as this is, I’d rather it go around the team now than in January..."
Nooooooooooooo
FUCK.
SHIT
Oh
Well we might get our midseason bye back now
"Well if we’re gonna lose a game, now is the time"
Screw you Marlon Humphrey
"Not good. Not good at all. Fucking reindeer time boys.

Edit: If Bince is out the Avery trade was clairvoyant let me tell ya."
I see we've decided to switch to Expert Mode.
we’re doomed
"Obviously...not great news. I'd like to point out that Matthew Stafford went on the Covid-19 list on like...Thursday, and was cleared to play by Sunday. Hopefully these guys are simply on the list for precautionary purposes due to contact tracing, and that they test negative for Covid. 

Basically...don't panic, at least not yet."
BRO WHAT THE FUCK???? WHAT THE FUCK BRO?????
[this is fine](https://imgflip.com/memetemplate/96270714/Awkward-smiling-old-man)
MOTHER FUCKER
"Quick, does anyone have Charlie Batch's cell phone number?"
Fuck the Ravens and Fuck the Titans
If you haven't been worried about this since week 1 you haven't been paying attention.
Well fuck
Hahahaha fuck
fade me fam
F
**FUCK**
Pain.
This same exact situation happened to the Lions last week and Stafford was able to play Sunday. Hope everything comes back negative!
Well... this could be pretty fucking bad... No Ben and Vince against even the Jags would make the 'trap game' into a suckfest game.
Mason Rudolph gonna give us our first loss of the year.
"One more thing about the loss of Big Ben. The Steelers need to go out and bring in a more capable backup than what they have now. We all saw it last year and if it happens again the Steelers could end up 8-8 again. There is absolutely no reason for the Steelers not to sign Colin Kaepernick. If you don’t like his political stance tough shit, the guys a baller. I happen to believe in Colin’s cause but I also believe the guy is a gifted QB. I know there are haters out there but I say suck it up for the good of the team. The guys a proven winner and the best chance for the Steelers if Ben goes down. Come on Rooney’s, my entire life I have seen the Steelers do the right thing by people and the organization. Set the tone and do the right thing.
I will not reply to haters as it is no use trying to educate the ignorant but I will respect your view as long as it is not just calling others vile names or shouting racist rhetoric.
STEELER STRONG!"
"#""WE DO NOT CARE""

Next man up! Bengals week & about to be 9-0 ESSKEEETTIITTT"
RIP
Lets see what a rocket scientist can do to some big fat cats.
Trade for Fitzmagic plz
"That meme of us being 8-0 and with Mason standing in the background looking 8-8 is giving me nightmares now!

Although i think Ben will play!"
If Ben doesn't get cleared I just hope Jaylen does. That way he can run the Wild Cat all game vs. the Bengals.
"Just do what the Dodgers did, say they don't have COVID and then in the 4th quarter with about 2 mins to go say you got the more definitive test back and then take them out.  😏"
COVID would be the thing to ruin our perfect season
"Ben is surprising, he's been extra cautious."
"We should, hopefully, be fine.

As long as he doesn't test positive between now and Sunday, he can play Sunday, given the 5 day requirement."
WE'RE FUCKED 😱
"Honestly, I'd rather they just sit out and have a bye week. I dont like the stigma of being the only unbeaten team left and getting every teams 110% effort every week. We have a .001% chance of going undefeated anyways."
Im so sick of COVID
Dont play Rudolph again. Had my vietnam flashbacks lastweek
even if he doesn't have Covid....Ben should be rested this week no need to run him out when we don't have to.
[deleted]
"We need to know what this means, if just close contact w/ other personnel that tested positive or an actual positive test for them does anybody know? This is fucking terrible.

Edit: ESPN article just says they are high-risk so hopefully they test negative"
I am going to pass away
"Quack.

(j/k)"
Lads it’s Cincinnati
8-1 incoming. Shoot.
Shoutout to everyone who downvoted me for saying the Steelers should have benched Vance. Letting him play/travel with the team even after he was too ill to even practice on Friday was an extremely stupid risk
"Remember when everyone was rock hard on Rudolph when he threw a TD to end the half against Miami, but in reality it was a 4 yard pass that Johnson took all the way with blockers downfield? 

Well let’s all hope Ben and Bince are good to go!"
"They obviously haven't tested positive or that would be their status, so they are likely to be ready to suit up for the game. Last week they did all the meetings via zoom so this won't be new for them."
I am in so much pain
"Looks like Ben has to isolate for 5 days. If we include today, he should be free by Sundays game and I would presume needs to pass testing. I am assuming he won't be at practice and will have to do everything virtually. I am wondering if these gives the Steelers a reason to sit Ben for a week to heal those knees. My only concern (outside of a clean bill of health for Ben and the team - as this is just sport) is that our whole offense has been predicated on Ben. We have very little run game."
Heard joe Montana is still in good shape lately...
"When I read ""We have placed QB Ben Roethilisberger..."" I immediately had a heart attack on the same level as watching our past two games thinking it was IR. 
I'm not surviving this season."
Good way to keep Ben off the injury report this week.
"Story on the Trib says it was Vance McDonald who tested positive, the ones on this list were just close contacts. So just following NFL protocols"
"Somehow I feel like this is the titans or ravens fault. Lol

Edit: jokes aside, I'm not terribly surprised as football has easily 2 times as many people as any other sport that played and being in a bubble was not going to work for a full nfl season."
"Hell, if these guys all take a week of rest, and we enter the following week a ""mere"" 8-1, with a couple veteran leaders from each unit having gotten a nice, solid week of rest, that won't be the worst thing in the world.  And of course, we may well win anyway.

Hopefully Vance will remain the only positive, and hopefully all positives are both mild/asymptomatic *and* free of any long term consequences (and those two things do not necessarily go hand in hand with this disease).

For now, not worried.  Though I question the organizational policies that allow ANYONE feeling unwell to have ANY contact -- or god forbid actually practice and play -- no matter what their covid test says.  This disease is too tricky, our testing is too uncertain, and this environment is too risky.  Err on the side of caution, and then be a whole lot more cautious than *that*, should be every team's policy.

We've got a one game cushion on the entire leauge.  Giving Vance a week of rest at home time starting the second he says he's a little under the weather, would've kept the whole organization a lot safer, and wouldn't have made any real difference in our attempt at a SB run."
"We have tickets to this game too...,,
Grrr."
"season was fun boys, i cannot make myself watch rudolph on sunday"
"This is just the start, we don’t know who else is going to get it. I’d be surprised if there aren’t more."
"Panic aside, Let’s get a real developmental QB sometime soon. Trade for Haskins or Darnold or Lock if you don’t like who’s in the draft."
It was honestly painful just to watch Rudolph play those few snaps on Sunday. Please god don’t let this happen
The worst part is that Samuels has been the team’s second best option under center versus Cincy
"Wouldn't it goddamn figure... just past the halfway point in the best season that I can remember in my 43 years alive for the Steelers... then this happens. Wow what are the odds.

To clarify though, I  am certainly not one of those Covid 19 deniers. This disease is very real. My father got it over the summer and thankfully recovered. My best wishes to these players and anyone else who  contracts this disease.  Do whatever is necessary to heal and stop the spread. Mask up, people. Consolidate and minimize your trips out of the house.  Let's do what we can to get rid of this thing and go back to as close to ""normal"" as we can.

...steps down off soap box, drops mic...

It just saddens me to see my favorite teams record/season being jeopardized by something non football related..."
"If Ben plays or not, they need to stop playing down to weaker opponents. They always lose to at least one team they shouldn’t."
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser-known players you think will have an impact.

If you are a fan of the opposing team, feel free to add in your two cents about the same topics above and/or ask us about the Steelers."
Want to solve the housing issue? Make everyone a Steelers fan... we live rent-free in Cinci.
"Expect your d line to have a field day. Before our BYE we were playing an all-backup OL that is weak even when we have starters. We're on like our 4th, maybe 5th RG of the season due to poor play and injury. Our own d line has also been anemic due to old age and injury, so Ben will have time to throw against a secondary that can play well, but is inconsistent due to the lack of pressure and a young group of LBs who play well but have no true all-stars.

Burrow is very good, we're just happy to see him improve each week, and hopefully he plays like he did last week and not vs the Ravens. But the trenches will be the reason you win."
"what have I learned, D stops run not pass, O can give you 26 pts a game. Yet will somehow find a way to win. we had success v Lamar because he's a duel threat and D took away his choice. Made him either have to throw or run. Bengals will be big-time trouble. They will know to protect Burrow and let his receivers work. gonna see max protect and 3 WR sets."
"No one's going to say something here? Is the Bengals run any good, if it's not then we can win this game"
"I was wondering how the Steelers secondary has played this season. Other than Haden, and Fitzpatrick can us Bengals hope to exploit a weakness since WR is our biggest position of strength? I'm expecting a ton of pressure on Burrow from the elite front 7 and our weak offensive line."
"I’m weird because I like all of our AFCN rivals to varying degrees, including the Ben’sGals. 

Like we all represent the same division so I hope they do well when they aren’t playing us.

Anyway, the Bengals are better than their record and we often have issues with inexperienced QBs for one reason or another. 

This is either a Steelers blowout over Cinci because we come in angry or I think JB pulls it out."
Our best OL is our 3rd down running back. I want to believe but this should be a loss. Just don't injure our savior please.
We're going to be on Fox? Two AFC teams? That seems strange.
So are we going to miss the start of this game because the Browns-Texans game had a delay?
"The bengals are obviously better than the cowboys team we just played. It’s incredibly sad how close that game was last week. If we play like that, expect a 2 score loss to an actual competent QB like Burrow. Our secondary needs to figure its shit out, and fast."
Close contact isn't a full two week quaratine right? Both of us have players that went on Covid list but is there any chance we will have all of the back?
"The Bungles' arrow is pointing up, but just don't have enough horses to get the job done versus the Stillers.  I expect Burrow will get abused more than he's used to (and he's used to a lot) with their banged up line v. Butler's pressures.  I expect lots of man or creeping zones to stop the Bungle short passing game.  Burrow is decent at extending plays for a rookie and Bud will have to pop him a good one to make him think twice/make bad decisions."
Kind of interested in seeing Burrow. Not that I want him to torch us but he is much better than the record says. Dude is a beast.
"I honestly think we need to find a QB in the next two or so years good enough to compete with Burrow. Not worried about Lamar or Baker for the long term, but Burrow is going to be a problem for years if we can’t find someone better than Mason Rudolph to compete against him."
You silly gooses I see what your trying to do. Get inside knowledge to give tomlin! I won’t let it happen
"Burrow is much better than his record indicates, and our entire secondary needs to show up this game because he can extend plays and score. 4/5 of their losses were within 1 TD, and if our defense plays like they did in Dallas, they might be our first L."
Idk why but I feel like we're about to clap the Bengals how we did the Browns. Coming off a close win against an NFC East opponent we were supposed to beat handily to play an Ohio divisional rival. I also think the last three weeks will ensure that we try our best to not pay down. Even if we don't blow them out it'll still probably be a two score game
"It's more of a tossup than I'd like, but I think we've got this. We're finally back home, We rarely, if ever, play down to our rivals, and Burrow has been taking hits all season which means our D will hopefully not be any different. 

Even if we lose, we were still the last unbeaten team, which is what I had hoped for when the herd started thinning. Everything after that has been a victory lap."
"Please use this thread to post any trash talk about next week's opponent. Some people from their sub may come here to do the same, so please:

**DO NOT DOWNVOTE VISITORS FOR USING THIS POST CORRECTLY. IT'S A TRASH TALK THREAD.**"
Lol what could the bengals fans even say? Ooo the cowboys ALMOST beat you. We beat the titans better than you did! Actually wait... Are the bengals gonna win this game?
ya but what if we beat you tho
Mike Tomlin has 25 wins against the Bengals. The Bengals have 16 wins against the Steelers since 1990.
I hate all of you but I hope nobody gets hurt.
The Bengals’ playoff win drought is old enough to vote.
Ben’s actually just taking a week off because he got tired of beating Cincys ass
BAH GAWD THAT'S MASON RUDOLPH'S MUSIC
Not feeling like trash talking with the news that just dropped.
Why is everything deleted in a trash talk thread?
TJ isn't gonna get held every other passing down this week
Bengals more like Bungals please laugh
Um... hi
Those striped uniforms are the ugliest things ever created... there I said it. At least when we lose in our white tiger jerseys it looks good lol.
Big Ben could miss the game on the Covid list and we'd still win.
Don't hurt Joe I haven't enjoyed football in years please not again
Everybody who was talking the most about why the FO didn't select jalen hurts as backup QB Rd 2 suddenly silent now claypool is balling out and we're 8-0
Cinci is about to be 0-2 against Mason Rudolph and I love it
Big Ben hurts both of his knees and wakes up sick. I imagine it is just a sore throat  and maybe some lock jaw though.
Chili on spaghetti and hotdogs > fries on sammies
The NFL should have 31 teams. The Bengals are basically a bad quota hire :(
The Steelers QB assaulted a woman
Gl guys. Don't you dare hurt Joe Burrow.
Bungles gonna Bungle
"Leave it to the Yinzers to invite us to a trash talk thread, then downvote us, and delete our comments.

I wish your team was as soft as your fan base."
SKYLINE CHILI IS DISGUSTING
Lol you censor people trash talking your gb. Sad
The immaculate reception shouldn’t have been a legal reception
""
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
""
I just posted this as well. Hoping its just precautionary
""
i mean why the hell would we send Vance on that plane two days after he was sick. Negative test or not it was stupid.
Probably wasnt gonna practice much this week anyways
"Rudolph can't show up before Thanksgiving, wait until Christmas"
🤞🤞🤞🤞
"All he needs is another injection of """"""gamer"""""" juice and he'll be ready for gameday"
Time to be worried all week
"Well, Ben couldn't've started any slower than we did this past week so rest them knees big guy."
"Probably get a Saturday walk through and play Sunday. Brutal, but it is what it is."
Don't play him at all this week regardless. This is a marathon not a sprint. Both knees hurt let him sit. Plus we can flex on the bungles just cause.
"Just give him the week off, let Dobbs work with the first team and start him.  Rudolph is a liability   If we lose, we lose Bengals will think they did something special and we'll know they beat the JV squad.  Plus if will get that undefeated weight off their shoulders so they can go out and play."
So just like literally any other player. Why not just quarantine him instead of putting him on the list?
[deleted]
""
""
""
"Just hearing ""Mason Rudolph"" makes me cringe."
He tested negative
welp being undefeated was fun while it lasted
I can't watch Mason Rudolph since I noticed his chinstrap looks like a tiny pair of tightie whitie underwear on his chin.
"All I hear is, ""A little much needed rest for a 38 y.o. QB with a two game cushion in the division."""
""
Negative tests mean he should be able to play Sunday. So I guess it ain’t all bad.
"Fingers crossed he can play this weekend. Luckily for Mason, we don’t play the other Ohio team this week if he can’t"
[deleted]
I need Josh Dobbs at practice all week. Get Mason away from My Steelers
🤞
"Look, I get Mason isn't very good, but why are people here so high on Dobbs? He is 6-12, 43 yards, and an interception for his career. He literally got beat out by Mason in the preseason last year. He wasn't even good enough to make the Jags roster. I truly don't understand it."
"Worst thing that happens is Ben's knees get a week to rest, we lose, and our record plummets to 8-1."
"Man, today is just going to roller coaster of emotions isn't it?"
This is great news. I was worried after our fine was the same as the Titans for Tomlin and other coaches on the sideline not masking up. Good on Benny.
What’s your excuse Vance?
""
"“He’s a little guy, like Ryan Switzer: harmless” DAMN LMAO

Edit: Rayray is a beast and Johnson too but let’s preserve Johnson. Such upgrades over Switzer in the return game, fun to watch this year"
So true about that stupid stadium design. Let’s have the sun shine right in the quarterbacks eyes when it’s time to play. 🤪
The common core math comment absolutely murdered me lmao
"""Threetwoone, thank god.""

That was all of us."
"""Jerry Jones looks like Skeletor at a Men's Warehouse"" had me dying 😂"
"""Something about him... he looks like he only sleeps on couches."" 

LMAO this was a great episode."
"""You know the Stillers always play down to competition"" Been saying that to everyone who said that game was going to be EZPZ

""Shaking more than the Noah's Ark floorboards"" mood for every stiller game"
Love the Kennywood reference at the beginning!
"I pretty much verbalized what he was saying at 0:11 and 1:20. This is why I love this, it’s almost like I’m watching myself watch the game 😂"
The Tony Romo report had me dying hahahaha
"#Bengals OFFENSE
* 17th in Yards per game
* 10th in Passing Yards per game
* 23rd in Rushing Yards per game
* 20th in Points per game
* 2nd in Time of Possession
* 14th in Comp %
* 27th in Passing TDs
* 7th in Interceptions thrown (5)
* 23rd in QB Rating
* 31st in Sacks allowed (28)

Sacks allowed last week = 0 (vs Titans)

#Steelers DEFENSE
* 5th in Defensive Yards per Game
* 5th in Passing Yards allowed per Game
* 9th in Rushing Yards allowed per Game
* 5th in Points allowed per Game
* 5th in Time of Possession
* 1st in Comp% Allowed
* 13th in Passing TDs allowed
* 1st in Interceptions (11)
* 2nd in QB Rating allowed 
* 1st in Total Sacks (32)

This Season
1. Giants - 3
2. Broncos - 7
3. Texans - 5 (Wrong)
5. Eagles - 5 (Correct)
6. Browns - 4 (Correct)
7. Titans - 2 (Wrong)
8. Ravens - 4 (Correct)
9. Cowboys - 2 (Wrong)

3-3 on the season

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jrn35h)"
I would say 2 sacks this time because Burrow can be pretty mobile
Superior “Always 5” GRF
I’m going with 5-6
to infinity and beyond
Bro I was so disappointed by the sack numbers this past weekend
0 with how holding is no longer a call
Nineteen.
Logic would say this is a 2-3 week... but we are the Steelers who apparently give zero shits for logic... so I'll go with 5+
""
"Now she must wear it each week!

I have one for my girl as well and it’s part of the pregame warmup. 
I put my jersey on, grab my terrible towel, my hat, then I put her jersey on her.

Congrats, she looks great!

Go STEELERS"
Wirehair pointing griffon? I've got two pudelpointers that look an awful lot like her.
"Will upvote anything with a dog, cute pup!"
""
Mystery solved on how McDonald got covid lol
Coronavirus: am i a joke to you
"Truly amazing venue. Was lucky (or unlucky) enough to go to Superbowl 45 there. Food was fantastic too. Only gripe was there isn't jack shit to do in the area outside the stadium. Its just parking lot as far as the eye can see, and Texas Rangers stadium."
"Nice pics! That stadium is really impressive, really wanna make it down sometime. 

No doubt the Cowboys fans can fill their own stadium when times are good. I wonder how many of our fans would still show up if we were 2-5 and down to our 4th string QB. Steelers haven’t been below 6 wins since the year Bradshaw was drafted.

Edit: I stand corrected. We got 5 in 1988. Knoll’s last few seasons before Cowher were the worst since ‘72 and we were still not terrible. Moral of the story, even in off years it’s pretty good to be a Steelers fan."
Nice social distancing bro
"This is really shocking to see. It seems reasonable to have social distancing and 25% capacity in the stands, but I just can't even comprehend how that area pictured doesn't have any COVID regulations in place. Is that inside the stadium??? This is criminally negligent. 

I'm from Canada, are scenes like this normal outside of Texas in America."
""
"Screen, run, short quick pass.

Run, run, quick slant

Run, quick slant, quick slant

Screen pass, screen pass, run


That's what we will see all game long with Mason"
Can anybody sell me on why I should be optimistic about Mason maybe starting a game?
watch his ass go off for like 5 touchdowns and 500 yards passing lmao
[removed]
Needs a dent in the bat-helmet.
Fuck this shit! Ben will test negative and will play Saturday. Don’t even put this shit out into the universe!
unpopular opinion: I love BVS
""
he’s like ryan switzer except he actually does shit he’s like max level ryan switzer lmao
"Great player!

What I don't appreciate though is that stupid sun glare the Cowboys use to gain an advantage."
"I got this picture from the steelers official app, and seriously this kid is crazy! I have also decided to do this weekly, who do you think is unappreciated or underated? Edit: I found this highlight reel of the season for Ray-Ray and it shows how good he is when he can pick up speed, [highlight reel](https://youtu.be/tsRjxP6FhUw)"
He's going to break a return for a TD and soon!
"I give big credit to Ray-Ray as a guy who watched basically every snap of his entire college career, I expected him to be a camp body and overall failure due his drops/fumbles problems that PLAGUED him his entire career at Clemson. I'm glad to see he's figured that out and his talent is showing with the ball in his hands."
he has been immense
It is very nice finally having a legit return guy
Did pretty damn good especially with that stupid stadium design allowing blinding sunlight in.
"Brought to you by Miller Lite. Tastes great, less filling."
Such a badass pic
Him and Boz solo carried Special Teams
Gives me Randle El vibes 🤗
I love fearless players like Mr. McCloud. Everytime he touches the ball he's like a keg of dynamite with sparks flying around it. BOOM! He's gone!
My favorite part is that he isn’t Switzer. My 2nd favorite part is he isn’t Switzer.
ShOuLd HaVe KePt SwItZeR
Big fuck you to everyone I argued about Switzer with LOL idk why yall wanted to believe he was good so badly
Thank god we cut switzer for him... been waiting 2 years for that
Dudes actually nice at returns.
Crazy to think that I picked him up in a madden franchise for his speed. 2 months later Steelers sign  the same guy. Really loving him as a return man.
We need to replace those glaring Lite Beer signs with Iron City beer ones.
"Keep killing it on special teams, Ray Ray!"
"Only thing I liked Switzer for was his reliable hands and Ray Ray does that, doesn’t get knocked over by a gust of wind and is actually fast"
That's a great pic. Can you imagine standing in his shoes waiting for the kick? Awesome.
"Proud of my boy , since we were young the boy got talent !"
Miller life
I miss Ryan switzer... NOT!
Dude is playing hard. Would love to see him and McFarland get some more snaps.
"Eagle fan here, but also a die hard Clemson fan, and always loved Ray-Ray, despite his drops from time to time.  I am glad he has found a team that uses him properly, and hope he continues to improve as a receiver as well.  Good luck rest of season"
Glad he's doing well. I remember him getting on my ever lasting nerves as a kick returner and WR at Clemson.
I could go for a Miller right about now.
looks like a miller lite ad
Dope picture!
Is McCloud related to the Highlander? 🤔🤣
The stupidest designed stadium in existence
Thanks for giving everyone covid?
did I miss something?  what did Ray Ray do on sunday besides foolishly returning a kickoff from 4 yards deep into the endzone?
[deleted]
We gotta pull Fieler for Dotson asap
Ravens lived in the backfield which was to be expected as they have a very good blitz package and talent up front. I was concerned by the cowboys and how they were able to collapse the pocket and completely stuff runs as well. Truth be told we have some older lineman and new guys rotating in. Hopefully it gets sorted out down the stretch but this isn’t the 2014-2017 oline. Ben has been getting rid of the ball around 2 seconds for a reason.
"Said it in another thread, but the line as a unit has been unstable all year. These numbers have fallen a little bit for the Steelers but the Steelers offensive line has been below average no matter how you slice it.

Short fields provided by the defense and special teams, and  the quick passing game has helped them to put up points, but defenses have already begun to squat on some of the underneath stuff and the run. If the offensive line can't do it's job well enough to cut through that, or can't protect long enough for Roethlisberger to push the ball down the field, the offense may run into some problems."
It feels like Decastro has heavily regressed.
The Munchak magic is wearing off :(
"Probably has to do with running 5 wide. Oline does a good job keeping Ben clean, we are like 4th fewest sacks allowed in the league"
"Call me crazy but I don't think the Bengals, Texans, Jets, Broncos, Vikings, Giants, Cowboys, Washington, Seahawks, and Chargers have a better Oline than us"
"I think our guys are tired. Tennessee, Baltimore was two tough games in a row. Would have been nice to have a bye week later in the year...
Love the idea of Dotson rotating in more to get guys a breather. Pouncy and Decastro are both playing less than 100%"
"Offense Win Rates through week 9. Up and right are good. is good? are good? 

***

posted by [@bburkeESPN](https://twitter.com/bburkeESPN)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EmeT-wNXYAEQVq4.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
They’re just not a good unit. Dotson should be in and I’m not sold on Okorafor yet
It doesnt feel that bad but i guess it is thats a bit concerning but oh well
"Lol.  8-0, scoring 25+ points per game.  You don't do that with a shit line. ""analytics"" in football is mostly a joke outside of tendency charts which have been around forever.  Subjective analysis pretending to be objective. Bunch of nerds faking relevancy.   Unlike baseball, it's not that hard to watch every rep of every game in a season which naturally folds in to a sample size problem.  
Having said that, this might be Pouncey's worst season and Decastro hasn't been himself, so far. But that doesn't mean they suck either."
[deleted]
Villanueva is the answer to our pass blocking being bad. He's becoming a liability
""
Don’t come at my guys neck like that 😂😂
"Juju: Mason is that drool?

Mason: yeah I forgot to swallow"
"Anyone have Landry ""Eagle Chest"" Jones number?"
Please Don’t toy with our emotions like that. We fans go through enough during the game. 😫
What's this from?
"If he starts, anyone think this is his last chance?"
"More like Mason RuDoofy AMIRITE?

No I hope he can do good things in the future wherever he is."
LMFAO it's too real
Not funny
[deleted]
""
As a person of color I feel that lmao
Chase Claypool's social media presence is hilarious
Nothing will ever top how much I love the camraderie between our guys
I just want to know what happens to receivers...
"""I need to put the flash on""

took me like 5 re-watches before I figured out what he was saying. that shit's funny, James is a godamn natural born ninja with that much melanin and talent.


(honestly don't know if that's racist... hopefully not?)"
"I was like, ""man, did he just throw shade on how dark skinned James is? Nah, can't be,"" but it seems I'm not the only one who thought it, whew"
I dont like it. But Oh well
[deleted]
"By all the reports we’ve seen.  They followed the protocol to the letter.  Unbiased doctors assigned by the NFL signed off.  

It’s easy to say they should “automatically quant one sick players”, but there are other illnesses too and you don’t just give up a competitive advantage."
"Any sick player regardless of symptoms should be placed on the Covid list and distanced from others. For their own safety and others. This is a massive fuckup from the team and also, to the surprise of no one, a massive fuckup by the league's protocols. The Steelers didn't technically do anything wrong here as far as the league is concerned but I just don't see how any team is comfortable having a guy with illness being around the team"
The National Football League
"""What kind of morons are we dealing with here""

Looks at Randy and Keith.."
"I know I'm not in the popular opinion here but he gets ABSOLUTELY SHIT ON throughout this subreddit for pretty unfair reasons. He came in as a basically a rookie (didn't touch the field year 1) with debatably the worst scenario for offense (for those who have forgotten, we had so many injuries on the offensive side it was nuts). With all things considered he went 5-3 with the team. Here's his line against Cinci last year when we won 27-3 and tell me honestly if you wouldn't be happy with this performance if he did it this year:

24-28

229 Yards

2 TD

0 Int

85.71 CMP %

124.6 QB Rating

He's not Ben Roethlisberger, he might not be a future QB1, hell he might not play many more seasons in the NFL. But for fucks sake he's not as bad as everyone says here and he's capable of winning 1 game against one of the worst teams in the NFL. We're spoiled with Big Ben, give this guy a shot now he has a year of experience and has proven he can take down easy teams in his first year. He was drafted in the 3rd round and never touted by experts to be a QB1, but he was expected to be good enough to take down bad teams (which he was done) and which he should be able to do this weekend.

On Sunday if Ben does not play then Mason will be our QB1 and if you're a fan of the team you should cheer for him to do well and the Steelers to win."
Ben will be off the COVID list by Sunday I think
I don't think he is our QB of the future but he is our backup QB currently and should have our support. So if Ben can't go we should all be rooting for him Sunday.
I honestly am starting to think that it’s less on Mason and more on the play calling
yeah man i agree. obviously the coaches see something in him
"Let’s not cherry pick stats here. His second performance against the same Bungles was 8/16, 85 yds, 0 TD, 1 INT, 50.0 CMP%, a QB rating of 39.8, and a benching.  

No ones saying they don’t *want* him to play well if it comes to that. No ones saying that the defense and skill players aren’t good enough to carry the team to a win against Cincinnati if it comes to that. But at some point the “just give him a chance to develop” argument stops carrying weight and you just have to accept what you see is what you get."
We know it’s you Mason.
Agree but small nitpick that Mason wasn’t a rookie last year he was in his 2nd season. I definitely think he gets more shit than he deserves from fans.
"I agree with this post. Rudolph is a nice kid and I'm not sure we've seen his true potential. But the next time he gets a chance to start/play, he needs to shine."
regardless of who our back up is... we live & die with Ben. It’s been this way for 15 years
"As I said on another thread - this sub shits on Ben and ask for his benching when he has a bad quarter.  That is a HOF QB playing at an elite level right now and they ask for him to be benched when he throws a few incompletes. Imagine when they see a young backup QB.  

Basically Steeler fans like to act like they are the most football knowledgeable fans in the world, but they are mostly huge dumbasses (present company excluded of course)"
I thought he did well until getting knocked out by a dirty hit
"Just because he's shit and we don't want him to play doesn't mean we hate him. 


The standard is the standard, and he's not the standard"
If he suits up I’ll support him. Personally I’d rather see Dobbs given the chance but whoever we put out there we need
I’m sorry but I really think Mason is bad at being a winning quarterback. There’s something about his throwing form that I hate. That throw to Ebron against the cowboys was bad
"And Duck Hodges went 16 for 19 (84.2% CMP) for 152 yards and 1 TD, 0 INT, in [that one game against Arizona](https://www.espn.com/nfl/player/_/id/3127051/devlin-hodges), for a passer rating of 117.5. He was good enough in that game to get everyone buying duck hats!

But the next 3 games showed why he's not the Steelers' QB of the future either. That said, if he ever takes the field in a Steelers uniform, I'll certainly cheer (or quack) for him again, because what other choice will I have?"
"I honestly hope he plays this week.  We have a LOT of football left this season and Ben needs some rest. I know a backups job is to come in cold, but getting a game this season under his belt where he starts may help get the ball rolling in the right direction."
"I don't hate him, I just hate when he plays football for the Steelers."
No. He’s trash.
No.
"Nobody hates him.  Except maybe Myles Garrett.

He's just a terrible quarterback.  And there's nothing ""unfair"" about realizing that.

If he starts, I'll root for him to surprise me and do well.  If he predictably doesn't, I'll root for them to yank him quickly and get Dobbs in there, and I'll then root for him.

I don't expect a lot of team success without a QB, but we're talented up and down the roster, so we've still got a chance.  Better still, it doesn't really matter if we win, given our current place in the league pecking order.  Lots of football still to be played, win or lose.  And our position heading into the second half will be excellent no matter what the outcome."
No. He looks like his dad owns a dealership.
"No. He earned the hate.

Now, he need  to earn back our respect."
"I’m with you OP, I think Mason can win a few games. I’ve been a fan of his since we took him & I will continue to be until he’s not a Steeler anymore. I hope he keeps developing."
"Agreed. It is so popular to hate on mason. People forget he is a backup, comparing him to ben is unfair. I feel more comfortable with mason coming in for a few games than several of the other backups we've had over the last 15 years"
Mason was playing really well before he got his bell rung and became Mr cautiousness and less likely to stand strong and deliver confidently in the pocket.
"Dobbs gives you all the arm talent of Mason and excels in the mobility. Also, Ben appears to have taken Dobbs under his wing and relies on Dobbs to tell him what he is seeing from the sideline."
"Nah, man. He's trash.  I'm tired of the people bringing up ""5-3"" as if it excuses how poor he and the offense was. Cherrypicking one game is pointless too."
"You can cherry pick one game's stats, but he was flat out bad overall and was carried by the D. Even as backups go he's not even average."
"I didn’t even read the rest of the comments because most of them are probably shit.

Yes, Mason has a laser arm and he can manage a game. Wtf else are you looking for in a backup QB? Is he supposed to come in looking like Arod?"
People's expectations for Pittsburgh sports are dumb. Over reactions to everything. No one is understanding hes been dealing with fichtner up until this year. There was no preseason with Matt Canada helping him. He's probably been adjusting to a lot of new things. He got thrown into his first game action in the middle of a game for literally one possession.. And everyone is doom and gloom. We're undefeated and I wish he'd play an entire game to give Ben a week off for his knees.
Let’s talk about the game in cincy he shit the bed and got benched? He’s not a starter in the nfl and he’s a low tier backup
"Hell, he wasn't even drafted after the Reindeer games, Santa picked him up as a free agent."
 Kk
"There's not much to root for or be excited for.  The guy is noodle armed, he can't make routine throws.  Do we all want him to do well and want to win, should he end up starting this week?  Of course.  But is anyone going to be surprised if that doesn't happen?  I doubt it."
I just want Mason in there so we could hopefully get some close up shots of gene.
"When he plays well, the hate will stop. It's that simple."
I was just about to post something about Mason... he’s not starter or even backup quality. His stats look fine because he dumps the ball a lot. The guy is timid. He’s missing the “it” factor and we need to draft someone fast! Ben’s on the tail end of his career...
No.
[deleted]
"I'm sorry, but he just doesn't even show any kind of promise imo. If his first look is covered, he straight up panics even when he isn't getting pressured. Sometimes it's like he forgets his legs are able to move. And sometimes he does this weird flailing thing with his shoulders and throws an awful pass.

I just don't think he has it unless there is some major changes to his mechanics, pocket awareness, and mobility."
No
He had a nice game. But if u look at his body of work. He is a career backup. I have always been a little higher on dobbs. Just based on his running ability and smarts. But whatever. We have some wiggle room
Start Dobbs
""
"Also, the circle is not lopsided, it’s just the angle of the photo being taken!"
I suggest filling it in with clear acrylic then giving it a coal of clear acrylic to protect it from any water causing damage.
"Looks good, did you use a template?"
Been laser engraving for a couple years now. This looks mint! Looks almost like a 3D engrave with the varied depth?
""
"I was worried about losing after I heard the news about Ben today, but after this tweet I can rest assured that our defense is going to get a shut out and return at least 1 to the house. All in all... I feel much better now. Thanks Cincy!"
"To paraphrase Archer,

DO YOU WANT TO CONTINUE TO BE CURSED? BECAUSE THIS IS HOW YOU CONTINUE TO BE CURSED."
"I mean, I too always choose to taunt opponents with video from the season they won the championship while beating the posting team in those playoffs in a game where their young franchise QB blew out his knee. Such happy memories, I’m sure."
They just lost is what they just did
"Mason Rudolph about to throw 34/42 412 yards, 7 TDs"
Was this the year we won super bowl XL?  Nice
You'd think they'd learn
"I swear it’s a legitimate curse. They will not win, they will not come close. 
This is a get right game, Big Ben, no Ben, bengals kick a field goal as time expires, for a final score of 27-10. Lock it in. Send the bengals back the den."
Did the titans not warn the Bungles what happens when you do something like this?
Curse: activated
"Congratulations, you played yourselves."
"So, they’ve chosen death."
Foolish
"I'm convinced every sports fan on Twitter is a clown. Every single fan base. People just do not know what they're talking about at all.

Bengals fan over there is like ""they can't stop the run, EZ game"". Like aside from 2 outlier games we're a top 3 team against the run. We're also literally undefeated, and you're 2-5-1. How in the hell can you be so delusional to think you're gonna disrespect our towel, come into our house, and put up a performance that even minutely resembles that of a professional football team? You'd think being last in the division would humble them a little bit."
"The responses are awesome though. Duck dropping a highlight on them, Keisel reminding them what happened after 😂. It says a lot about their fanbase though with the responses."
"""I did not see the Terrible Towel as witchcraft to hex the enemy. It would be a positive force, driving the Steelers to superhuman performance, but if it experienced a yen for mischief and created fatal mistakes by opponents, I would tolerate that."""
[The Diesel replies](https://twitter.com/bkeisel99/status/1326274234872688643)
Do they really not remember everything that happened after this?
[Steelers D is like... ](https://media1.tenor.com/images/e47d9d9616536bc21a949748a91331ca/tenor.gif?itemid=17190387)
Oh heck no!
"Welp, looks like Mason gonna dunk on em."
"What a sad, sad franchise. I would feel sorry for them  but that would imply that I actually think about them."
Lmao ask TJ Houshmandzadeh how that worked out for him
Remember this is the team that hasn't won a playoff game in decades because the last time they had a shot they threw it away by giving up **30 penalty yards** on one play in the last drive of the game.  The curse of the towel is real.  Disrespect it at your own risk.
"A 2-5-1 team ""guaranteeing"" a victory against an undefeated team who OWNS them? Sounds like a bunch of scared kids whistling past the graveyard to me."
What’s annoying about it is they did it just for traffic. Try hards
Let them dream...
Steelers by 40 now
"Bungals are gonna Bungal, no wonder they haven't been doing well since they did this"
They've been trash since this happened.
Fun fact: 84 is also the average IQ of Bengals fans.
This aged well 😊
"They don't respect the curse of Bo, can't expect them to respect a curse that affects them twice a year"
I never want to see one of our players disrespect another team like this. Supposedly Juju was making his way to the Dallas Star last week to do who knows what. It’s totally out of line. Just like Sean Peyton dancing with his team after beating down the Bucs on SNF.... This shit is all bulletin board material and can only come back to bite you in the ass.
You realize that player hasn't been in the NFL for years right? They didn't just do anything.
[deleted]
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jrrd2u)"
"If anyone thinks he should be replaced this season y’all are crazy lmao. Can’t implement an offensive system in week 10. We are 8-0, the world isn’t on fire. Relax. If Ben calls the plays we will throw 80% of the time and have no balance."
Option 4:  We do not need 15 posts about this a week and report for shit posting due to low effort content.
I think this post is worthy of my downvote.
[removed]
[deleted]
""
You ok?
Wtf are you talking bout
*corps
"Oh you poor, poor, man.

Please delete this before anyone else can see the absolute idiocy that you took the time to write out."
Troll 🤣🤣🤣
"Honestly, I’m a little disappointed in Claypool’s production. How many sideline out routes does Ben have to rocket the ball straight into Claypool’s hands before he actually catches one?

It seems he’s running a great route, getting separation, but he just can’t finish. The ball either goes through his hands or bounces off of his hands.

I guess I’m just used to AB hauling those in and can’t believe Claypool can’t.

I’d say maybe we let Johnson run those routes and let Claypool run those routes across the middle but Johnson couldn’t catch COVID if he were sleeping in the same bed as Vance.

This core of WR’s isn’t going to get us very far in the playoffs. The only one who can catch is Juju and maybe Washington if he’s all alone in the end zone.

I was in the “let Juju walk” camp and pay Bud but ffs, he’s our only consistent WR. Maybe we need him more than I thought."
""
We get leads and go 3 and out lol
Well 3 of these teams have a game up on us.
"can’t help but feel bad for atlanta, so many studs on that team i don’t get why they choke so hard literally all the time"
We r most defensive snaps w lead most likely lmao
"This team plays offense when it has to, not when it wants to"
"Looking at KC's schedule, it is pretty rough. They will drop at least one more game this year."
I seem to remember about 5 years straight where the Cheatriots won like 80% of their games via last second field goals.
""
What did the disrespectful post say?
I'll fuckin benching DeAndre Hopkins for Diontae Johnson after seeing the twitter post.
I am truly worried we will lose to the bungals with Mason at QB
Yikes don’t look at the replies to that tweet. Twitter is such a cesspool of toxicity
"Well Cincy, it was nice knowing ya. 

On the other hand, no it wasn’t. Fuck Cincinasty, can’t wait for Sunday!"
"Where’s the tweet

Edit never mind.  I assumed the official Handle would know better but were talking about the Bengals"
""
"Ravens fans calling Ben a whiner when they have a Harbaugh on the sidelines is embarrassing. 

Ben had his nose broken in a Baltimore game and didn't even get a flag, so lil bruv needs to shut up."
Their weird love/hate is great. You only see 2 or 3 shit talks in a row before somebody reminds them what he's done to them.
"*Ben coming out with braces on both knees and a mask on for COVID*

*500+ yards passing*

Our boy loves drama."
"They are the biggest bunch of babies, it’s all Ben hate. Fat fuck this, whiny baby that.. it’s their fault for fucking themselves over most times we play each other. With Ben, we beat them more often than not. They can truss *that.*

Baltimore’s best chance at a Super Bowl was last year. They blew it. Lamar Jackson will be a washed up Raven getting blown out by Joe Burrow in 5 years. Hope they enjoyed their 14-2 season which ended the same way as ours. No playoff wins and watching the Super Bowl at home."
Like the one that said Ben hasn’t played a full season in a while?
"Good god 😂😂😂😂 “it’s clear he’s not a tough SOB, just a whiner” lmfao. Pure entertainment"
"Any ravens fan lurking this post, just know you can catch hands."
"Anyone catch the latest and greatest copypasta in the comments?

“Listen up, kids. You want to know who was tough? The Elite MFing Dragon. That's who is tough. Joe took the same hits as Ben. He would just go out there and play. Torn ACL? Fuck you all, I can line up in shotgun. You didn't hear about it from Joe sometimes until *weeks* after he'd been hurt, like a thigh injury that limited him for half a season. Remember Kiko Alonso knocking him out, on a dirty play? You probably do. Remember what Joe said about it, afterward? ""It was an NFL play."" Never complained, and if he could help it, you never even knew.”

If this is already one, thank god they’re not **that** stupid. It is isn’t, holy shit these guys are dense."
"I got lucky enough to meet one of my favorite Steelers of all time today Aaron Smith, lemme just say the guy looks good. I mean he always a bigger guy in his playing days, but holy shit he is shredded right now. He’s a really good guy too helped me with some tips on my squatting max!"
"I saw Casey Hampton at Burger King the other day, I was so shocked, the gut is as big as ever"
"Saw Aaron at the children’s museum once, just a cool and down to earth as can be. Was a great Steeler, underrated in the league. Seems like a good guy too."
First jersey I ever bought with my own money was Aaron Smith. I still wear it regularly.
"I met Dupree and Santonio in Chicago prior to a bears game. The better story, however, is when my dad met Mean Joe at the urinals at Bettis' HOF induction."
This is where u/sleestaklightning tells about how they ran Aaron Smith of Twitter.
"Nice. I haven't met any Steelers but I did meet Steve Hutchinson in a MN gym when I lived there. I met Larry Fitzgerald as well. Both times I was taken aback at how much smaller they were than I imagined. Larry is skinny as hell and no way he's 6'3"" as he was just a few inches taller than me and I'm 5'10""."
"I saw Aaron Smith at a grocery store in Squirrel Hill yesterday. I told him how cool it was to meet him in person, but I didn’t want to be a douche and bother him and ask him for photos or anything.
He said, “Oh, like you’re doing now?”
I was taken aback, and all I could say was “Huh?” but he kept cutting me off and going “huh? huh? huh?” and closing his hand shut in front of my face. I walked away and continued with my shopping, and I heard him chuckle as I walked off. When I came to pay for my stuff up front I saw him trying to walk out the doors with like fifteen Milky Ways in his hands without paying.
The girl at the counter was very nice about it and professional, and was like “Sir, you need to pay for those first.” At first he kept pretending to be tired and not hear her, but eventually turned back around and brought them to the counter.
When she took one of the bars and started scanning it multiple times, he stopped her and told her to scan them each individually “to prevent any electrical infetterence,” and then turned around and winked at me. I don’t even think that’s a word. After she scanned each bar and put them in a bag and started to say the price, he kept interrupting her by yawning really loudly."
"Hi everyone! I'm not sure if anyone remembers, but I did a study in team subs where I tracked the approval rating of coaches to see how it changed during the year. I was doing one for preseason, and now it's time to do my midseason update. After getting all the results I'm going to do a big post on [r/nfl](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/) (probably on Friday)

[Here are the preseason results if you want to see](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/gkepzh/coach_approval_ratings_according_to_nfl/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jrw68m)"
No good. Should be 9-0 already.
i mean they are 8-0 he’s doing what he needs to do to win
"So that's what we're doing today?


Fighting?"
Who the fuck are the two people disapproving of Tomlin?
"""See Results"" doing better than expected."
there are 4 imposters among us
16 people disapprove of Tomlin.  🤦‍♂️🤷‍♂️
Tough call at 8-0.
"The 10 people who voted disapprove are South Side Uber drivers, I’ve met all of them"
"Man, him and Belichick didn't get much love considering how tenured and successful they've been compared to some others on that list.  

Tomlin forever earned my loyalty last year when he nearly had that team in the playoffs.  Not to say I don't lose my mind at times when we're barely able to beat awful teams.  It balances out."
[deleted]
What's not to approve of?
"I do approve, going 8-0 is awesome and I’ve rarely been this excited to watch steeler football. We really need to win a couple playoff games tho, ideally a super bowl win but I understand how tough that is"
Who to are those 23 people?
Can we do like the democrats and make a list of everyone who voted no?
Tomlin is not the problem and never has been. The problems are Fichtner and to a lesser extent Butler but hey we 8-0 so fuck it
"I picked disapproved.... Soley based on the Dallas game.... not going up by 8 was stupid..... All of the other games I give credit to Ben because most of them ended up with Ben calling the shots or Fitzpatrick making a play. Where has Tomlin been?

You can’t shit on the coordinators and give Tomlin a pass.

We come out most games looking flat and unprepared."
He is a really good coach but he isn’t a great coach. Really good is probably enough to get us to the super bowl this year.
""
I always liked Tuitt because he’s a beast. He’s a favorite of mine now. What a great story and an even better person.
"My favorite part of these episodes is when Bud finishes up, stops talking, and then stares at the camera for just a little bit too long. Kills me every time. It’s under-produced and I love it."
[deleted]
For all you Dobbs fans out there let me let you in on a little history. Nick Foles was Jacksonville’s starter but got injured. The #2 was none other than Josh Dobbs. He played so poorly that the Jaguars went with their 3rd string QB who was none other than Gardner Minshew..... So if you really want Dobbs to start ask yourselves why?
""
Dude has been cut and resigned more times than anyone I can think of in recent memory.
"Double the Watt, double the Edmunds."
Not gonna lie Trey Edmunds is one of my favorite players on the team. Hope he is on the roster when we play the bills and can have three brothers in the same game again
Gotta be depth if JaySam has COVID.
Color me excited.
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
Welcome back!
SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP SNIP SNAP
[removed]
"But I was trying to start a “completion” for each teams fan base to donate the most to a good cause. And I think us Steelers fans could absolutely donate the most. I know it isn’t and shouldn’t be a completion to donate the most, but it’s an easy and fun way to donate to good causes all over the country. So I think we should post links and vote on which cause we would like to come together on and donate to."
"I promise to match the first $1000 that the sub donates to the chosen cause

Edit: my cause of choice is for domestic violence

Edit 2: and honestly even if you can only donate 1 cent to the chosen cause, it’s more than they had before and it’s worth it"
"You keep using the word “completion,” but I don’t think you know what it means.

Also, r/nfl is not for fund raising and the mods there have zero sense of humor when it comes to breaking the rules. I’ve been banned multiple times just for using a word they don’t like."
https://ncadv.org/donate
"Please people, we need every upvote and every form of movement. There’s so many people right now that could use our help"
""
We are onto Cincinnati
"You can say the same about our defense going to the other side of the field to celebrate a turnover when we were losing. Both are a little annoying, but it’s what they do."
Wrs celebrate 1st downs when down 17. Defenders dance after sacks when getting torched for 40 +....it’s just a part of the game.
"Dudes making 90 million dollars to be a not very productive running back.

I'd celebrate like that when I flushed the toilet if I was him."
"Fuck this guy with his stupid, ugly nose rings and stupid bowl eating shenanigans."
"This idiot tattooed ""feed me"" on his stomach. Took that little bit way too far"
Lol yep
"Cee Dee Lamb did the same thing on a first down conversation. Got up and got in our faces mocking us. Joke is on them, way too early in the game for them to taunting us"
Haha Zeke overrated af
Fuck the Cowboys
"I dunno; I have no problem with this.  I think I'd like a player who gets psyched up like this.  The Cowboy players had good reason to be psyched and keep the positive energy flowing, no matter their season stats."
"Cowboys should’ve rolled with the hot hand in Pollard more, but I’m not complaining"
Bettis would do his fire walk even when he was having bad games to try to get psyched up. 🤷🏻‍♂️
who cares
Never sign a rb to a second contract!  Bell did us a favor
"He actually did this in the redzone, the play before our o-line tipped a pass attempt and minkah got a game changing interception."
I never understood why he held the imaginary spoon at that angle anyway.
"He is my least favorite player, now that Ray Lewis is gone"
I wasted my 4th overall pick on this guy. I know his situation is bad now but he was a dud even before Zak got hurt
""
I never get tired of watching JuJu channeling his inner Mighty Mouse and putting Burfict on his ass.
Juju literally took his soul on that block . the guy was never the same player after that hit.
"I knew crying bengals lady would be a meme when I saw it live, thank you."
"man just as i start to think, “ah burrow is pretty cool.” “their team isn’t that good, whatever.” i watch this and my blood boils. fuck cinci. fuck bufirct the free agent. fuck pacman. i hope we beat the christ out of them"
"Juju should not have been suspended, fined, or even flagged for that hit and subsequent standing over him."
Gotta love it
That boy is bad!
I have that as my phone wallpaper
"It's week ten.

You've got to be a lot better than 2-5-1 before you get a week named after you."
[deleted]
First rule of going undefeated is you don’t talk about going undefeated.
If he tests negative he'll be cleared on Saturday.
How they acting like we didn't beat them twice last year without Ben
""
"Correct my memory, please. When the Titans broke protocols they got a bye week and rearranged the Steelers’ schedule, right? Why is it OK for Pittsburgh to maybe lose a starting QB and it’s business as usual? The league should’ve applied a more consistent approach from the beginning."
With bubble wrap to at least around knees and elbow
Needs more structural reinforcement. Maybe spikes as well. And garlic.
"Say my name!

Big Ben Heisenberger"
Yes please
Petition to not let sick people on the team plane
Better hope that gas mask stays on unlike in warzone....
Brilliant 🤣
Don’t forget the bubble wrap!
Maybe throw in some elbow pads
"Who are you talking to right now? Who is it you think you see? Do you know how many WRs I’ve thrown to a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it. Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work? A franchise big enough that it could be listed as arguably the best in NFL goes 8-8. Playoff chances disappears! It ceases to exist without me. No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, AFCN. I am the danger. A QB throws the ball and gets picked and you think that of me? No. I am the one who *who throws TDs*!"
Not funny. 230k Americans can’t agree because they r dead. Will assume they agree with me.
""
I really like those videos. Great insight of some of the players
This was already posted 9 hours ago
""
"They're creating some bad juju... Or good juju, depending which side you're on"
I was worried that the Steelers would be complacent in facing the awful Bengals this week. I'm so glad the Bengals Twitter account ensured that the Steelers will be very prepared.
Double Yoy!
"The Bengals are the kid from Friday that knocks over Ice Cubes trash cans and talks shit as he rides away. Inevitably, we catch them every year and beat their ass."
Lol the bengals infamously ate shit after that incident. Not sure why they’re bringing it up again.
"Wait, was that even a Ravens player trashing the Bungles for that tweet?

😂"
Reminder that the Bengals haven't won a playoff game in like 30 years ☕🐸
[removed]
[removed]
""
Someone had the balls to give a vote to M. Garrett for CPOY? That's rough.
"Unless Flores and the Dolphins get even hotter through the second half of the season, I think Coach Tomlin for Coach of the Year is the only lock. 

Kinda surprised Claypool didn’t get a single vote for ROTY too though. I don’t fully expect him to win, but his name has been in a ton of those conversations."
Tommy Maddox was comeback player of the year the year before being replaced by Ben. Coincidence? Who we drafting next year?
We gonna talk about how Derek Carr had one MVP vote from David Carr 😂
"The real question is, is Ben a lock for comeback player of the year? Am I forgetting someone?"
"I feel like I'm really in the minority for thinking it's dumb to vote Alex Smith as comeback player of the year by default just for recovering from a gruesome injury. He just got significant playing time and throws 1 TD and 3 picks and he's tied as favorite? To me, he is not the comeback player of the year if he can't play halfway decent. It's the comeback player award, not the ""recovered from the worst injury"" award. Performance upon return should mean something."
Why David Carr put out the only MVP vote for Derek lol
"Oh god, will someone think of the ""Fire Tomlin"" people.  They can't take the idea of him winning awards for coaching."
"Unless something nuts happens in the second half it'll come down to Flores and Tomlin. Looking at past winners, the ""team that comes out of nowhere"" narrative tends to trump the ""dominant team"" narrative for COTY.

My guess is that if the Steelers do not go undefeated, and Flores gets the Phins to double-digit wins it'll be a close call.

Speaking of narratives - the Russell Wilson for MVP narrative train is running full speed ahead and looks like it's going to bowl through two more deserving guys - how in the ever loving fuck does Rodgers not get a vote?"
"These selections are mostly on point. Although his play this year warrants it so far, I really don’t wanna see Myles Garrett win any awards ever. I hope his production falls off a cliff. Would be great to see TJ catch fire the rest of the season and put up some big sack/strip sacks. 

As far as comeback player of the year, I really don’t understand why Alex Smith is tied for 1st? He “came back” from a horrible injury but he’s a 3rd string QB who’s seen barely any time at all, and he’s played like shit quite frankly. Props to him but there’s players that come back from injuries all the time that’s part of the game, if you’re not playing good then you shouldn’t be in the player of the year category IMO."
He should have won it last year. It’s easy to be a good coach when you have Patrick Mahomes 360 no scoping it 70 yards in the air to Tyreek Hill.
Love coach!
I’m often critical of his decision making. Clock management. Losing to lesser opponents. But the last 2 years he has done a great job.  Even if you don’t like him. You have to begrudgingly admit he is a hall of fame coach. A super bowl. 2 conf championships. And 14 years of 500 or better reg season. If cowher got in.  I assure you Tomlin will.
Lol at votes for Myles Garrett for Comeback Player of the Year. Gimme a break.
It's about time
"Honestly, I would vote for Brian Flores. Yeah sure we’re 8-0 but we also have the most talented defense I’ve ever seen, one of the most athletic receiving cores in the NFL, and a HOF quarterback whose only gotten better as the years went on that you can always count on to get your team out of a pinch. His influence has helped a lot with things like keeping the team focused on one game at a time, and making sure the standard is the standard and things of that nature. But what Brian Flores has managed to do in the past 2 years, turning it from the joke of the league to a playoff contender is amazing. I had the bills winning the division but I thought the dolphins would go at least 8-8 but most people didn’t expect them to reach 6 wins.  Now, halfway through the season, they are only one game back from leading their division. In fact I might give me vote to Kingsbury as well because he’s done just about the same thing in the NFC"
This team is winning because it has so many good players.  In no way does this team look well coached.
Am I an idiot or is the one Mekhi Becton vote completely unjustified
Ben comes back and makes everyone look good.
"Tonkin deserve noble peace prize, and many other prizes guy is just a legend"
"I think had the Steelers made the playoffs last year, he would have won it then.  Its tough to get the MVP type awards when you miss the post season."
But I thought he should be fired whenever the Steelers are down in a game?
"Why Adam Rank chose Mike Tomlin: There are some things about the Steelers that are hard to believe. Like it's hard to believe the organization had never started a season at 8-0 before this year. And it's hard to believe Mike Tomlin doesn't get more recognition for never having a losing campaign. And while I contend that winning eight games last year without ﻿Ben Roethlisberger﻿ might have been more impressive, what we're seeing right now makes him my Coach of the Year."
Undefeated... Can’t even be unanimous COTY. Ben is playing just below the MVP QBs... Not consensus CPOTY because of Alex Smith feels... keep providing bulletin board material!
Lolololol David Carr voted for his brother. No nepotism there.....
"Tua has played not even 2 full games and he has more votes than Chase Claypool, the rookie who has more TDs than Deandre Hopkins, Stephon Diggs and Keenan Allen on 1 less game."
Duh?
"How tf is Alex Smith tied with Ben for CPOY? I get what happened with his injury, but he hasn’t even been good at the slightest"
"I would hope he fucking is. For to long has people said, oh he is good but he isn't coach BLAH BLAH. It's a damn shame he hasn't wone it yet."
when you get suspended for hitting someone who already had a concussion with a helmet and still get a vote for comeback of the year.
My Dad always told me that a coach is only as good as his quarterback. Look at Tomlin last year vs. this year and Belichek this year vs. last year.  I think he’s right.
"Ok that’s one game, what about the 7 other games so far. Mike Tonkin doesn’t just sit there with his thumb up his ass. He coaches"
Lol no
I mean he should be...we are 8-0
""
L A R G E BENJAMIN
His head size is to scale relative to the others
Really living up as the leader of men
(Actual size)
Aiyuk SZN
"Just for fantasy purposes not sure if AB is a good play for the rest of the season, lol. I think it's going to take him a good 3-4 weeks to fully get up to speed. I've got him on my team as well lol"
Alpha male
"DAAAAMN BOI, THAT'S A THICC ASS BOIII!"
He needs room for all that name
It may not be the smartest for fantasy purposes but I refuse to roster AB. Also no ratbirds
Damn he really do be big
[deleted]
"For your situational awareness...

Alejandro Villanueva served in the U.S. Army with 10th Mountain Division and 75th Ranger Regiment, concluding his Commision as Captain.  After graduating from West Point Military Academy, he served three tours in Afghanistan. In his first tour with 10th Mountain, he was awarded the Bronze Star with ""V"" or 'With Valor in combat' device for rescuing Soldiers under enemy fire as a Platoon Leader. 

Veterans Day is recognized around the world as Armistice Day, to recognize the treaty signed by the Allies and Germany to end hostilities on the 11th day of the 11th month of the year in which WW1 was concluded."
Thank you for your service both on and more importantly off the field.
Salute to our veterans
"Happy Veterans Day to Big Al and all those who have served!!

Thank you for your commitments and sacrifice!

EDIT: Who the fuck downvotes a post like this? Why?"
Thank you for all the wonderful men and women who have served this country and continue to serve this country to keep us safe to bring us peace and keep us free you're always in our thoughts and prayers and we shouldn't need just one day to celebrate the heroes I celebrate the heroes every day
True hero. Thank You
Favorite player of all time.
Thank you to Al and all who have served our country.
God bless our troops
Thank you to all veterans.
"I hope he figures out another way to put the spotlight on himself this weekend

He’s pretty good at that"
STEELERS STEEL CITY 9-0 SUNDAY
Thanks for your service but not for how you have played this year
""
You should delete this
Are you hoping he gets a staph infection?
I have lived in north georgia most of my life and have yet to find a Steelers fan near me to watch games. I'm starting to get worried with how we keep playing games that I'm going to have a heart attack and noone there to call 911 for me. Let's use the buddy system with these uncertain games and keep each other safe. So if anyone in north georgia wants to get together to watch the games let me know.
"You’ll be fine man, just know that thousands of other Steelers fans are out there stressin’ with you. And that the only ones who will live through this are the ones with defibrillators. 😬"
Not quite north GA here but close in Cumming GA.  GO Steelers!
"I’m older now... I’ve seen just about everything in regards to Steeler football. I’ve watched the Steelers play in 4 Super Bowls, losing 2. So at this point, I just get numb during these stressful moments. I’m always expecting the worst outcome but, if things swing our way, I jump and scream just like everyone else."
"Dang I wish, I’m down here in Coweta. I see lots of Steeler fans but I don’t personally know any other than myself."
Braselton!
"We can probably lose our last eight games and still get in the playoffs, where we'll still be the most talented team in the field, and there won't be any home field advantage anyway.

Might be time to stop stressing your cardiac function unnecessarily.  The team needs your eyeballs, to watch their ad revenue at work."
""
"That’s pretty awesome. I’ve been watching a lot of these on YouTube, the graphics are incredible. Have you crashed into your own house yet?😅"
"I come in peace mods, this is one of my favorite videos I've made and I figured you all would enjoy how your home stadium looks in the sim from field level!"
[deleted]
""
It’s the meme that keeps on giving.
Man was probably going thru it in that 1st half lmao
"Dos a cero

Wait wrong sport"
STEELERS STEEL CITY 9-0 SUNDAY
Am I stupid?
ocho y oh.
[deleted]
Stephen A Smith is NOT a Steelers fan and idc how many times he says he is. I was happy when Ryan Clark pretty much exposed him for not being one.
"I understand him putting the Chiefs above us, but the Saints and Bills? He isn’t staying off the wEEEDD. Bills got busted by the Titans, who we beat... And the Saints have looked good but their defense hasn’t been consistent and they’ve lost 2 games. We should be 2nd at worst. But that just means it’s time to prove the haters wrong"
Packers being here invalidates the whole list
"Wow... Chiefs I am fine with getting the nod above us... its quite reasonable for people to toggle us and them as 1 and 2.  Bills... that is very interesting of a choice.  Not sure anyone else puts them in the top 3.

Saints... ummm... nah.  If its a vote for which team playing at its best for a full 60 minutes, then perhaps the Saints, but we are also a clusterfuck of inconsistency and underperformance as well."
I guess we’ll see. You know what they say about opinions.
Big Ben has turned his team around from 8-8 to 8-0 with him pretty much being the only difference in the team. He’s continuously got us out of pinches to win games. Minus his 3 INT game he’s having the best year of his career. Then Alex Smith comes him for half a game and now they’re tied. Could you imagine being Ben and doing everything he’s done this year and being tied with someone who hasn’t played a whole game and has a QBR of 32
"It's because Alex Smith has two legs and played football again.

I also think Ben should win, but [here](https://www.washingtonpost.com/resizer/6YylWiy2bRya9nJBPHkMl1wmWCs=/arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost/public/XCKO3TMI7JC7XLBJ3Z62JMH2II.jpg) is Alex's leg last year."
"i mean the dude had his leg shattered, fixed, then developed multiple life-threatening bacterial and flesh-eating infections, was suggested *amputation*, and against every odd possibly in the universe has played snaps in more than one game this season. we all want to see Ben win but i would have no issue whatsoever with Smith getting that award"
He isnt. There is no mechanism to measure an award people vote on at the end of the season.
Because Alex's injury took him out for two seasons and it's amazing he's back on field again. It's more a comeback than it is from ben. Yeah we 8-0 and he has a huge role in that but still the thing alex is playing ball again is a huge achievement
the fact the smith is walking on his own leg is a miracle let alone playing in a game. but I get your point
"People, when are you going to realize that the pundits do this precisely to get you talking about it?

Nobody in their right mind honestly thinks that Alex Smith has a better claim to this award than the Ben. However, a unanimous vote for Ben on TV wouldn't make for good TV.

So we generate some controversy. 

It's the same reason you still have the Chiefs on top of plenty of power rankings."
Who cares?  And Alex Smith deserves more than Ben anyways.  We’re 8-0 for crying out loud. Enjoy ffs. Lol
"Comeback player is about the story just as much as the player's on field performance.

Smith's story is far above Ben's, while Ben's performance is above Smith's.  Also, there is no official tied or stats as of right now, its speculation for the most part... voters at the end of the season might heavily favor Ben."
"Well Alex did almost die twice.

When he took the field for the first time earlier this season. The whole bar I was at applauded for him.

Then this last week when he threw for a touchdown everyone applauded again.

so yeah for Alex to win this award he pretty much had to put a uniform on and walk on the field and it's his.  And I do not think there is a single player in the NFL who will be grudge him this award."
"Because Alex Smith very much could have literally DIED of his injury.

Being playing again at all is a miracle comeback - Ben would need to play at MVP levels to beat that out IMO."
"Yeah BUT Alex Smith had so many surgeries and infections that he very nearly had his leg amputated.  
  
Ben will will win, but don't act like Alex Smith even taking an NFL snap again isn't a big deal too"
"I would think it a safe bet the entirety of this sub would think Shazier would deserve Comeback Player of the Year if he had made it back onto the field even if he was slow and missed every tackle just because of the effort it took to get back.

I think if you could put your bias aside for a moment you would see it isn't the production on field so much as what Alex had to get through to even make it back on the field. 

It's one thing if you still think Ben deserves it, but if you can't even understand why Alex is at least equally deserving, there is something wrong with you."
people don't like Ben and for good reason
i mean if we win the super bowl i’m sure no one would care if ben won comeback player of the year event though he truly deserves it
"You seem to be focusing pretty heavily about the on the field production and not the ""comeback"" portion. The AP doesn't actually publish any criteria or anything, so all the voters are left to their own judgments as well.

Roethlisberger is obviously far more productive than Smith.

Smith's comeback is so many miles past what Roethlisberger had to go through that I think a lot of folks (myself included) believe that it outweighs any and all differences in production."
People just hate Big Ben. That’s all it ever seems like to me.
I saw that and I said what the f*ck really loud in line at the gas station - my wife had to point out how loud I was being.  This made no sense to me at all
I think Alex Smith's comeback transcends football and is pretty much a medical miracle. Wouldn't be upset about either winning because Ben is also commander of one of the top teams in the NFL.
"You really think a super bowl winning QB would give a shit about some comeback player award? Give it to Alex, who cares?"
Alex Smith shouldn’t be able to walk. Ben had elbow surgery.
"A ton of people already viewed Alex Smith as the comeback player of the year even if he didn't play a single snap. It's idiotic, but that's the case. His shitty performance didn't change anything. They think it's the ""best injury recovery"" award apparently."
"Coming back from that kind of an injury is impressive, but coming back and playing well is what CPOTY is about. You shouldnt win an award for existing."
""
"shouldn't lamar be ""me"" the ball is ""my diet"" and bud is ""doughnuts"""
I hate that you don’t know how to spell donuts properly..
You slap doughnuts too? Sweet.
No.
Can you post the OG pic?
[deleted]
""
"His Super Bowl record 75 yard TD run to open the second half of Super Bowl XL remains one of my favorite plays in Steeler history and, by far, my favorite run of his."
Him + The Bus was an absolutely ridiculous combination. Imagine trying to tackle one of the most agile and fastest backs in the league in 2005 then having to take on Bettis the down after? Absurd. Glad they got their ring.
One of my favorite players growing up. He used to RULE madden with his 97 speed and 98 acceleration i think.
I think he’s still running untouched through the Seattle backfield
The second jersey I ever got behind Ben of course
"THEY CALLED HIM FAST WILLIE PARKER AND HE JUST RAN 75 YARDS TO SCORE A TOUCHDOWN IN THE SUPERBOWL

-  Al Michaels,   simultaneously older than dirt and a kid who just watched his first Super Bowl."
""
"Well yeah, Ben isnt allowed in the building."
If Mason could just be an average player it would be fantastic.
Oh my... I can just hear the 'but Dobbs is better... we want Duck' people screaming at this.
Bring Charlie Batch back
"No to Mason, if anyone thinks he is the heir apparent to Ben is clueless. We need to find the next Ben."
"I mean it's pretty obvious that was going to happen.

🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆🦆"
Quack!
..yeah
🦆
"In B4 one of Mason's paid shills comes in here and writes ""STOP BEING MEAN TO MASON HE IS DOING THE BEST HE CAN!!1 HES THE SAME AS WENTZ STATISTICALLY!! [EXCUSE 1, EXCUSE 2, EXCUSE 3]"""
[deleted]
"Between him leaving, the defense getting incredibly expensive, etc. - we are gonna suck for a couple years IMO. 

That being said, we can use the cap savings from ben to pay almost the entire defense and draft a QB to try and insert - could get lucky, but likely will suck."
Who do I want? Trevor Lawrence after we trade Berry to Adam Gase for the 1 OA. I will also take Joe Burrow for a 5th
Fitzmagic he is the perennial good luck chuck of quarter backs and he’s fun to watch. Unless we get lucky in the draft our next qb will most likely be an interim guy so why not Fitz
I think we could realistically get Mac Jones out of alabama. He's looked really solid this year.
"A Roethlisberger retirement comes with a $22.5M dead money hit in a year where the cap is likely to go down - so it's probably going to have to be someone cheap. Also worst place you can be in the league is a 6-9 win team because of mediocre QB and a pretty good roster... puts your team in purgatory for a handful of years that way.

If Darnold could be had for cheap I think he's the only real viable option (cheap meaning like a 3rd rounder). Otherwise you let Rudolph sink or swim (probably sink), and then get a top 10 QB in 2022 draft."
quack...Quack...QUACK...**QUACK**
A-Rod
Aaron Rodgers
"The pipe dream is Dak, somewhat realistic draft dream is Lance, and realistic possibility dealing with Minshew, Darnold, or Fitzmagic for a mediocre season or 2 and then trying to get a stud like Uagalelei"
"Jameis....

Like really. Look at Bridgewater this year. Hasn't been amazing sure, but he has improved sitting behind Bress and is definitely the best you'll get in free agency. Would need a first round qb no matter what though"
Sam Darnold is showing he's worse than a washed up Joe Flacco IMHO. There is just no way I'd take him.
I wouldn't even notice who suited up next year.  I'll need a twelve month nap to recover my chi.
"PJ Walker.  If he could look as good as he did in the XFL.  Although, I highly doubt he would."
"He already said he is playing out his contract didn't he?  

Why must we have this discussion on almost a daily basis?"
[deleted]
"Kyle Trask. If he falls into the late 20’s, the Steelers need to trade up for him. He’s as close as the Steelers will get to drafting a superstar QB given they never really draft in the top 10. Steelers got lucky that Ben fell to 11. Trask has the tools to be the next Big Ben. He is the same size and same skill set.

Kenny Pickett would be a steal in the mid rounds if the Steelers wanted to draft a cornerback or lineman in the first or second rounds. He may not be a superstar, but he has the tools to be a good starting QB."
"Justin Fields out of OSU. I highly doubt he will be there at 32, but if something weird happens that would be amazing."
Kenny Pickett
"Jameis, minshew, or trubisky/foles"
"If he retires before the draft then definitely draft someone this year. Our late first could get us a great qb since its such a deep class and waiting till next year could net a worse player even with a higher pick. I'd also want us to pick up a guy like Fitzpatrick(as someone else said), Darnold if he's available, or any older qb that a rookie can play behind"
Dak prescott.
"whoever we get, let's get garrett gilbert as the backup"
Mathew Stafford until we get a youngin .
"Depending on where he drops to I reallu like Florida qb Kyle trask. Having a great senior year, big like Ben and much more mobile. Wouldn’t mind seeing them pick him up. Right now he’s the sixth ranked qb in the draft on cbs, and they’re projecting him to fall to 59th. This could al change obviously but I wouldn’t mind trading up to like a mid- late second to pick him up"
Aaron Rodgers.
"If Ben retires, we have to start over at qb. It would be dobbs or Rudolph. Too much money tied up that would hit when he retires. For the next couple of years we would go back to the late 80s and early 90s Steelers and try to get there with defense."
"We can’t afford Dak. He wants 40 mil and we need to shed salaries, not add. I’m very rarely up for trading up in the draft but in this situation, I think we can actually make a reasonable deal for 1st pick"
"If Ben retires, we have to go after Dak right? Our defense would still be too good to start tanking with."
"Stop pretending Sam Darnold is going to turn it out for the better if he comes here... hes not that good.

&#x200B;

If Jerry Jones decides to fuck Dak... see if he would bite on a 3 year 100 mil deal.  Its a smidge more than his tag worth and about 9 mil savings from what Ben's hit would have been depending on how you build it out."
Trubisky
I agree with you .. darnold
""
Peanut butter and fucking JEALOUS
They hate us cause they anus
"Haters gonna hate, and ain’ters gonna ain’t"
"It's not too often you get to be the undefeated team sitting alone atop the entire NFL mountain, and still get to play the disrespect card.

This is a gift.  Don't squander it."
"The cursed comment! Cam, take it back!"
We. Do. Not. Care.
They kinda do it to themselves with all these too close for comfort heart attack games.
Fuck yeah Cam!
Bring on the hate!!  losers pundits!
"Also, who cares what the pundits say. Let them hate. I only care about those W’s."
Or maybe they just watched us almost lose to the abysmal Cowboys
Kaboly is a hutt
"They hate us because we’re good, have nice people, and haven’t cheated"
[deleted]
"I normally have tickets for sale but not this year.  Msg me your email address.  Section 208, Row D, Seats 1-4"
"[https://youtu.be/HrFL4gDa9KU?t=581](https://youtu.be/HrFL4gDa9KU?t=581)

&#x200B;

So 98 vaults the line while planting a hand on both the long snapper and Dotson there. He did this repeatedly throughout the game, so apparently this isn’t illegal? Why don’t more teams do this? Seems like a very easy way to block kicks instead of sending a guy around from the edge?

&#x200B;

Edit: screenshot- 

https://preview.redd.it/9mxx44r76oy51.jpg?width=1425&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=6aa16190ac42e23383c754da57fa5f24fe95cb6a"
I said the same thing on sundee - bet the refs just didn’t catch it
"This is 100% illegal... and really stupid of the refs to miss this on every kick.  

&#x200B;

Also just as bad on our coaching staff to have missed this, because when things 'of this nature' get missed once... a coach points it out to the ref with a 'hey, we think we saw this on the kick, could you keep an eye on that for the next time for us' and then it gets flagged."
"I thought this was illegal tbh


“Leverage is a penalty in Football that is called on a team, usually the defense, when a player jumps over opposing players at the line of scrimmage in an attempt to tackle a player or block a kick and they make contact with a player on the opposing team prior or simultaneously as the ball is snapped.”"
Tbh he isn't jumping over them just between them if you look closely
Sometimes it gets missed. A similar thing happened in our favor during the Titans game. Minkah jumped the line and touched one of their players during the missed FG.
"99 and 90 are both holding to keep the guards and tackles from being able to effectively cover their inside and outside gaps, respectively, and 98 is using the long snapper and guard for leverage. Dotson couldn't close down toward the snapper to help block 98 because his right shoulderpad is being pulled/pushed down. 

The officiating crew chose to ignore it repeatedly for some reason."
"This is 100% illegal and iirc we were flagged for this a couple games ago which resulted in a first down which led to a TD but I can’t remember the game, maybe Tennessee? I remember I was pissed we got flagged for it."
"This isn't illegal, and basically everyone tries to do it. The defender can't line up over the center, but he can try to get in-between them nearly however they want as long as they are lined up correctly. Usually the O line pushes them back, we chose not to

Go listen the Arthur Moats latest podcast, he explains clearly how Dotson and Kam messed up a very fundamental technique to allow this"
I think once the ball is snapped they can use dudes for leverage but idk for sure - the person who can break this down for us deserves Danny Smith's job
""
"Is it like Captn’ Crunch? 

God bless your upper mouth skins... 😆"
Do they taste like victory?
[Just in case anyone else wants to order them.](https://plbse.com/products/jumpin-jujus-crunch) Proceeds go to his foundation. It comes in a 2 pack so I’m going to eat one box and keep the other as memorabilia
Just ordered a two pack so I can ship one box to my buddy. Nice.
What are they like? Any good it just a gimmick? I live on the other side of the pond so won't be able to try them anytime soon
Nowhere near as good as Tommy Gunn Flakes or Kendall Krunch.
They don't seem to be doimg much jumping? Is this like Rice Krispies where you have to add milk first?
""
""
"Correct me if I am wrong... but they do print for both teams... I mean, you have to. I’ve heard the losing gear gets donated, mostly overseas. I’ve seen a few villagers wearing “off” gear on TV."
"Anyone have ""what couldve been"" type gear? I bought this in the strip a couple years ago. I guess someone expected us to beat Stan Humphries and the Chargers in the afc champ game that year. Damn you Barry Foster.

Bonus question: what wouldve been the score of the super bowl that year if the Steelers made it through and faced the 49ers?"
Which African country is this from?
Not Damn Chargers...damn Tim McKyer who got burned on the go ahead TD in the 4th.
[removed]
"Just wanna say fuck cancer. The cool thing about sports is that at the end of the day, you can put the rivalries aside and enjoy something that everyone loves. Sorry for your loss bud."
"most of us aren't total jaggoffs as many believe. the steelers are a team of class and its sad to see, in my opinion, the few that aren't and make a bad rep for the rest of us. 

anyway, I'm sorry for your loss. He sounded like a really good friend. and I applauded you coming on here and saying that you're a bengals fan, despite the possible negative karma you would probably get elsewhere. 

and can I have the link to the go fund me? I'd love to support the family."
"I'd hit up Cam Hayward on social media. I believe his dad struggled with cancer. He might be able to hook your friend's family up with something to honor your friend. Would be a great week for it.

https://thecameronheywardfoundation.org/pittsburgh-is-stronger-than-cancer/

Fuck cancer and fuck the bungals."
Man put those links up for the go fund me and we will spread em around
"Post the link, Bengal Buddy. RIP to big Joe. Prayers to his family and your community"
Link?
"Honestly man, cancer is so much bigger than a division rivalry or a play off spot. 

Joe sounds like a great man, its a shame we lost him when in reality we need those types of people the most."
There is a huge difference between enemies and rivals.
"My thoughts for Joe's family and friends and for the loss they must be feeling.  He sounds like he was a good guy.

But you can feel a heated -- even hated -- rivalry with another team and not ""hate the fans from the bottom of your heart.""  I hate the Ravens from a football rivalry perspective, but I have no personal issue with Ravens fans in general, nor the team itself.  The Ravens' fanbase (or any fanbase) are just normal, usually good, people passionate for their football team, just like Steeles and Bengals fans are passionate about theirs.

Objectively, there is no such thing as evil NFL teams and evil NFL team fanbases.  It's just a perspective issue."
[removed]
""
That move makes my head spin
Minkah waving to the rams offense in the throwback jerseys is one of my favorite steeler pictures of the past couple years
The player is from utah valley state college. lacrosse is big in utah believe it or not.
Imagine thinking you’re a badass playing Lacrosse...
The fact that number 8 didn't fly in and earhole that douchebag during his little celebration says everything you need to know about where lacrosse players stand respect-wise in the athletic community.
Yeah. That was a beautiful move. And he ruined it by letting us know his parents raised a punk bitch.
""
I’m kind of surprised to see Alualu practicing already. Wasn’t expecting him to practice this week but this a nice surprise.
"Even tho cam Sutton held down, seeing Mike Hilton back in the lineup be nice to see."
Nothing but good news (assuming JuJu practices tomorrow or Friday).
I’d like to believe a lot of the NIR are veteran days. Not having a proper bye will start to show it’s true colors over this next three game stretch.
Having Hilton and Tyson back would be huge
[deleted]
[Tyson’s knee at practice](https://ibb.co/30s44ft)
I’m surprised at how bad Hilton’s injury is. He’s missed like 3 games already? Was it even sustained during a game?
It’s Wednesday my dudes
"May just be me but, what does DNP mean"
Has Juju missed practice every week this season with minor knee soreness?
oh yes! Missed Mike Hilton
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Last season, we were 8-8 and this season we are 8-0 so far and the only difference is Big Ben but pundits are not even talking about it. Heck, we aren't even superbowl contenders with an 8-0 record. Frankly it's annoying!!!"
Seriously?? Cmon.. he’s been good but nowhere near the level of the MVP candidates. 8-0 has been a team effort and heavily on the D in some games
Cause his numbers ain’t that sexy. Mahomes like 25/1 right now and they 7-1.
"Nah.. I love Ben as much as any Steelers fan, but his numbers aren’t there.. yet. Don’t get me wrong, I agree that Ben is the reason for this year’s success, but it’s all about stats and wins when it comes to being an MVP of the NFL."
"You know why league MVPs often times don't win it all? Because the thing that got em the award is probably what was masking a team issue that got exposed in the playoffs. We don't have that issue, and Big Ben isn't getting MVP.

Good thing we look more like a Super Bowl contender than we have in a decade."
"Well...I would venture to say that it has to do with riding a motorcycle without a helmet, a bit of alcohol problem in his youth and two bullshit sexual assault accusations.

It does suck because the guy has turned shit around. And the worst of his transgressions were manufactured."
"Most of the odds have him 6th behind Russ, Mahomes, Rodgers, Allen, and Kyler. I think that’s pretty fair, considering the numbers of the guys ahead.  It’s gonna be tough to crack that top 3, but I wouldn’t say he’s totally out of the conversation"
hes come back player of year though
"Because he doesn't deserve to be.

Last year when they went 8-8, the line was always something along the lines of ""could you imagine if the Steelers even got *league average* QB play? They'd be a contender!""

Well, now they're getting a little above league average QB play - 14th in DVOA, 10th in EPA per play, 26th in completion percentage over expected, 10th in passer rating, 19th in AY/A... and sure enough they're a contender. But he's clearly not doing what other QBs in the league are doing."
TJ Watt should be.
If you put mahomes on the Steelers we go 16-0. That simple.
Because he's far and away not the most valuable player in the NFL.
"Why is this topic being mentioned near daily now?  Do people not understand what wins the NFL MVP?  

It's called individual stats.  Not team record.  There are quite a few QBs leaving Ben behind in every category."
"Never has been, never will be. He’s like Pittsburgh itself, his strength, work ethic, and production are just taken as a matter of course."
"This is a joke post, right? Ben doesn’t even come close to belonging in the conversation and if you think he does you absolutely do NOT watch our games"
"He's in the discussion.  His current odds have him firmly in the top ten, but nowhere near number one, which is pretty much where he belongs based on performance.

His numbers aren't going to put him in contention, so he's relying almost exclusively on team record.  If the Steelers finish two or more games clear of the field, and/or undefeated, he'll rush to the heart of the conversation late.  But barring that, it's hard to see a path."
I wouldn’t say the only difference between 8-8 and 8-0 is Big Ben 🙄
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"I like what JuJu has become this year...a sure handed, first down machine. Is it me or does he seem bigger and stronger this year?  He gets those extra yards when you really need them."
But some people still think signing Juju isn't a priority
juju would possibly be number 1 or 2 if ben had to force it to him but he doesn’t we have 3 wr who could be number 1 and james washington who is a great 2 and would possibly be a number 1 on a few teams but the way ben calls plays and does his thing it catches defenses off guard that’s why if ben called the plays the whole game i wouldn’t be suprised if we broke 50 imo
"In JuJu we trust. We have to find a way to keep him and we'll deal with picking 2 of the 3 out of Claypool, DJ, and JWash when the time comes. By that point we could have drafted another star receiver to make  things even tougher because that's just Steelers things"
"In search of a Steelers Bar in Nashville, and the interweb has pointed me to establishments that are now closed. 

Help!"
Idk if it’s just my area or the whole state but all bars are closed
There's a pandemic.  Quarter million Americans dead?  Ring a bell?
[deleted]
""
""
"I’m sorry but this doesn’t make sense. The third column, when referred to the one above it, is actually a good thing. It would be more like: panik, kalm, excite."
"They did just beat the Titans. I think we need to respect the energy that Joe Burrow bring that team, I hope we play to our potential because we should be able to control the game, but I worry lol"
""
""
Bengals fans acting like they got Khalil Mack in the comments lmao
Don't you mean 4D Tikk Takk Toe?
I loved the hyped bengals fan comments followed by a falcons fan saying he’s trash
I'm not sure if they're playing the right game.
I don't get it
Why are they focusing on their D when bracing the O line would be better for them? I’m kinda confused at this signing.
"Tikk-Takk-Toe

We've acquired DE @Takk McKinley on waivers from the Atlanta Falcons.

***

posted by [@Bengals](https://twitter.com/Bengals)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
A 3-6 team with a new coach cut a guy who didn't.even contribute to their last win and Bengals fans get excited.  Why do you people even go to that place?
He tweeted the bengals were trash a couple years back.  He is now trash apparently.
"Meh, free pickup of a decent player.  Good for them.  Wont help them this Sunday"
Takk sucks tho
[deleted]
""
Nice! It’s been a fun season thus far. Health of the team will determine how much more fun we’ll have for the remainder of 2020
Almost forgot about how often we were down by two scores in these games.
"The amount of times we are behind in this clip, yet undefeated... crazy"
Love. Wish it lasted til bosgods 59 yarder
I've had the pleasure of watching every single one of these games this season. I have to say taking that early bye week kinda screwed us.
Claypool is a BEAST
Week 1 seems so far away
Christ this team's WR corp is talented. If Ben tightens up his deep ball there is not a secondary that can keep up.
"When it’s pieced together like this, it really shows how Ben has thrown some absolute dimes this year."
James Washington exists yo.
Defense has kept us in every game. Boy are they fun to watch too!
"Missing JuJus pylon cam celebration and ""He missed it?! :○"""
"Awesome highlight reel, good stuff!"
Love the energy this team brings
amazing video!!! we are so damn good
Great video and Great use of Renegade by Styx.
Beautiful!
Bless you.
This video is beautiful
That Claypool kid looks like he might be good.
"Its been great so far! This video made me realize how big of a pickup Ebron was. Also shoutout to Bos, a couple hiccups but a solid season so far."
Nice. Bud’s strip on Jackson gave me goosebumps. Again
Love it
"This is really cool, we'll done!"
"Alright, while I love this video I have but one complaint: 

This just made me was a defensive highlight video. Watching TJ & Bud get after that qb over and over made me wanna see Cam & Steph, Devin before he got hurt.

edit: Just wanna be clear; I love this video! Great work, man"
"Thanks for this, got me pumped for Sunday!"
Love this defense.
Nice. I've been so frustrated with Ben's deep ball the past 2-3 games that I forgot he threw some absolute dimes in the first few
Good job!
Enjoy it while it lasts.  With the news in Chicago (30 Day Lockdown) today there’s probably not much football left.
The Renegade got me going quick - I was bouncing in my chair by the end of the video:)
Too little defense for a Renegade highlight reel but I get it scoring is what the casual fans like 😂
[deleted]
"For me, I’ll never forget the deflating disappointment of losing that win and in game against the Raven’s backup jabronis in 2015. While all those Baltimore jagoffs chanting Seven Nation Army at us. “Jack White isn’t even from Baltimore!!” I kept yelling at the TV in my rage, while we made Ryan Mallet look like Dan Marino.

I’m getting worked up all over again. Whatchu got?"
Fucking Oakland in 2018
week 3 at chicago in 2017 🤢
"I forget the year but Jacksonville when Ben threw 5 ints. I can't remember if it was trap or not though. 

Worst Trap Game with a Win is Jacksonvillwhen Ben ran in the TD at the end of the game and the offense really couldn't do anything. After that game is when the team really started falling apart. 7-2-1 to 9-6-1 at end of season. No playoff either and not been back since. I think this years game will go better but I may be wrong."
"8 turnover game against the Browns in 2012.  The Steelers fumbled 5 times and Charlie Batch threw 3 picks.

Nobody remembers it though because the very next week was the game where Charlie Batch beat the Ravens.

Beating the eventual Superbowl Champions after losing to the Browns in an 8 turnover debacle is just Steeler things."
"Reading the top two comments makes me really sad... I was at Oakland 2018 (black hole where we missed the kick) and in Chicago 2017. Yikes, triggering memories...

I was also at San Diego 2015 where Bell ran for a TD as time expired and Arizona last year for Ducks last “good” game, so that balances it out."
"I can’t believe nobody has talked about the one jets game. Ben throws 6 tds vs the colts, then throws another 6 tds vs the ravens, then gets beat by the Jets who were atrocious"
The Tebow playoff game.
"Tampa in 2014, losing to Glennon was embarrassing"
I still have PTSD from that 33-3 eagles game a few years back..
"Nobody remembers a recent Ravens game where they signed Ryan Mallet off the streets THAT WEEK and he whooped our ass?

Edit. Sorry. It was a week and a half before the game."
"It's rare that the AFC Championship game could be considered a trap game, but in the 1994-1995 season it was. The Steelers were by far the best team in the AFC. They, Dallas, and San Francisco were by consensus in a class of their own with nobody else really even close. San Diego wasn't even considered a good also-ran after squeaking out a win over Miami in the divisional round while the Steelers crushed Cleveland. The city was electric, and the fanbase excited for the big game. That big game being the Super Bowl, not the AFCCG. There was even a song with lyrics something like ""Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl.""

And then they played the actual game. Suffice to say they did not win. Worst trap game in history because it came on the biggest stage and derailed their best shot for a championship in decades. Alfred Pupunu still haunts my dreams."
Give me a minute I gotta go through my files of trap games
"Early aughts: Oakland and Houston.  Dont feel like looking it up. But we outgained something like 400 yards to 75 in each, and lost.  We may have been Oaklands only win that year.  BOYH WERE TERRIBLE."
"Tampa bay game like 5 or 6 years ago where we won 19-14 and they were so bad

Edit: was actually vs Jaguars, won 17-9 in a downright awful game"
The Chargers in the AFC championship game. Stan Humphries. Stan freaking Humphries and Natron Means. Our defense blew that game on a pass to Tuatupa
Last week would have been near the top of the list had we lost.
The expansion Texans in 2001
Jacksonville has had our nunber lately
"Ugh, I went to that game.  Brutal loss, great seat at least."
""
"To be fair, I always bring up the murderer when I talk to a ratbird fan."
Shits so fucking annoying. Like it’s the fans fault for what our players do...
"Good news.  I checked the legal history.  Neither's ours.

Now fuck off."
""
He’s a goddamn hero.
"Was Korea the last ""positive"" war waged by the U.S.? Guess the first Iraq War was a minor success.   Every other U.S. hot war has been a massive failure.  
And yes, Rocky is a hero in every sense of the term."
"I watched the show documenting his visit back, very deep."
Why are there no tickets available to this game @ home? I can’t find them any where
Because the ~5000 tickets available are raffled off randomly to season ticket holders for first right of refusal and that hasn't happened yet.
I know this is a “trap game” situation this Sunday but they better not even begin to play down to them after the disrespect. I pray that this team can light that fire and put some respect on our flag. Will be really disappointed in these guys if they don’t make that happen
Divisional games are not trap games
wish people would stop calling this a rivalry game. Not every divisional team is a rival. Steelers have dominated the bengals and browns for the past 2 decades. Ravens are actually competitive
I was cracking up earlier this week about how sensitive cowboys/cowboys fans are about their precious star and now I'm cracking up remembering how sensitive Steelers fans are about a towel
[removed]
Slow down on the drugs man lol
No one should give a shit what Stephen A Smith thinks about anything.
"He is a giants fan. And he hates the Cowboys 



And you come across as a fucking idiot. Too many four lokos for breakfast"
""
"""They brought me up and down... more down than up.""

Jesus that one hits deep."
Ha! Love to see that even the legends can be fans like you and I
"""aw man, why they do me like this""

I feel ya Jerome. I feel ya."
"This could be from any week, except browns, browns are shit."
Was that Kordell?!?
Hell yeah
"The Bus wants you to know: You are not alone.

He also wants you to know that he is a way better bowler than you."
Awesome to see two of my favorites still hang out. #10 and #36 forever man!
Put some respect on SLASH! This warmed my heart
"Damn, I grew up watching these two. Had the ""Men of Steel"" poster in my room with the Bus, Slash and Gildon on it. More of this content, please."
"Life of a Steelers fan: making bad teams look good, and good teams look less good."
"
.@JeromeBettis36 is everyone watching their favorite team play 😂 @steelers

📺: Catch \#NFLTheGrind Wednesdays 9/8c on @EPIXHD 

***

posted by [@NFL](https://twitter.com/NFL)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1326630718118653952/vid/1280x720/q4OBK33jZROaq8zy.mp4?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Good to see that we’re not the only ones with roller coaster emotions on game day. Perfectly normal as a fan.
This is why The Bus will always be my favorite. Was my first favorite player when i started watching football as a teenager - him and Hines are the best.
"This is what I love about the Steelers, the legends usually become huge fans like us regular people."
This is how every single Steelers fan watches the game. Doesn’t matter where you’re from.
I'm cracking up over this. It really embodies how I feel every single game. His face when Lamar threw that last pass LOL
"Pretty much. Lol it'd be nice to blow more people out. Like say, the cowboys or doodoos or bungles"
"I know I'll get downvoted for this but oh well. I've met Jerome a few times, once while filming a commercial, and during some downtime asked him what he thought about how the season was going. He could not care less except when he was getting paid to say so, which I definitely don't blame him because I'm sure its exhausting but it takes some of the shine off these staged ""They're just like us!"" promos."
[deleted]
""
"The Pro Football Hall of Fame should be in Pittsburgh.

Arguably so should the Rock N Roll Hall Of Fame. Fuck Alan Freed."
"By he way, in ~~1982~~ 1892 a touchdown was worth 4, a field goal 5, and a safety 2.  So the 4-0 score came from Hefflefinger's fumble recovery for a TD.  They must have missed the conversion kick, which would have been worth 2 points."
"Football, the Mattress Factory, the aviary, Gus & Yiayia's, and all the crack you could hope to buy.  Is there anything the North Side can't do?"
"Random thoughts on William Heffelfinger:

1.  In 1892, people who are 6'3"" and 210 pounds are nicknamed pudge.  I don't think that's even considered ""dad bod"" today.

2.  Heffelfinger's $500 payment was the equivalent of $14,200 in 2019 dollars.  Players making the minimum NFL salary in 2019 got game checks of $29,117.  Obviously, the players now make more, but considering how much the game has changed, I find it kind of interesting how close those numbers are.  (Heffelfinger got paid in cash, not by check, but if Randy Moss is to be believed, many NFL players do carry that much cash around.)

3.  The old-timey scoring system was whack.

4.  When I was a kid, it always annoyed me that the first professional football player was a lineman.  Now I kind of like it.

5.  College football was taken seriously enough even in the 1880s that somebody probably paid a professional ringer to play in a college game before 1892."
"Never heard of this guy! My hometown of Latrobe always said _it_ was the birthplace of professional football, so now I don't know what to think! (It probably wasn't...)"
🙌🏼🏈
🏈🙌🏼
"If anyone uses the Telegram chat app and knows of a Steelers sticker set, please let me know. Been looking for one but no joy yet. 
Thanks!"
"Been watching his highlights , would seem like a good db."
And where in the draft do you expect him to go?
"This would be a very future-of-the-NFL pick, in my opinion. In some respects his skill set is duplicative of what you have in Minkah, but I feel like the way the NFL is moving, having multiple guys on the back end who can play that way can be incredibly useful and effective. The Steelers like to use Minkah in that robber role anyway when they are in Cover 1 and sometimes the hook in Cover 3, so having Holland playing the centerfield role behind him would REALLY make it tough on defenses down the middle.

With that being said, I think the Steelers fits at safety are going to push that down their board in terms of priority, so I don't see him being the pick."
"Obviously its not indicative of how his actual NFL career will shape up, but in Madden this year playing as the Jags I used a ""real life"" draft class and was able to snag Jevon Holland in the 2nd round about pick 13-20 idr exactly which one. Anyway, by 3 years he was like the #2 or 3 safety in the whole league and was amazing. 

Then I watched his IRL highlights and thought he was pretty good and as a Steelers fan would love to see him. I think we have a few more glaring needs we will need to fill early in the draft so I don't see it happening. I think he will have a great career either way."
Were getting Kyle pitts tho
"I'm a student at UO, so I've watched him play a lot, and I'd be so down for this. He's a ballhawk in the truest sense of the word and is incredibly versatile at least at the college level. If we drafted him I do wonder if we'd keep him at safety or if we'd move him to nickel corner. 

Dude's electric through and through though. Bummed me out when he opted out of the season, but it was completely understandable and definitely the right move for him."
[deleted]
https://youtu.be/X7PbTNds7u8
"joey porter sucking oxygen, complaining to sad bengals fans about how tired he gets from whoopin their asses, god i love it.

Fuck the bengas. Fuck that shithole town. Fuck their fans.

I lived in cinci for 4 years during college and I couldn't wait to gtfo of there. Its a backwards, cliquey, racist city that wants to be a part of the south terribly."
Your name makes me sad
I love Joey Porter.
God I wish I knew who yelled that in the background.
"well, damn, that's why I couldn't post this haha. You beat me to it"
It's simple. I see cowher. I upvote.
We're their baby?
"Bungles have two other teams with good to elite ass rushes. Balt & Philly. The Steelers pass rush is better. 

Balt - 7 sacks
Philly - 8 sacks"
Ain't happening if we repeat the last two weeks and have to play safe because we failed to stop the run. Hopefully Alualu being back will be the missing piece.
">  good to elite ass rushes

Righteous."
Not gonna get close to 7 sacks if they play the same bullshit defense they played last week. Seeing Tj Watt used to cover so much and constantly playing MLB is infuriating. Let him rush the QB like the All Pro he is. I really can’t stand Keith Butler.
Joe Burrow is about to look like Joe Dirt running from our d-line
If Butler tries to mail this in like in Dallas it’s going to be the same base D against five wide BS no sacks
Sounds counterintuitive but some of it falls on our offense. We need to get up early so that they're compelled to run more than throw.
"if we let TJ work rather than throwing him into coverage every play, yeah easily more"
I’m expecting maybe 3. This is trap game pt 2 and there’s no getting around it.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Nflbite.com
"NFLbite.com has been absolutely solid all year. It lets you pick what streamer to use, the top 2 ones are always the best. Today the game is also on SlingTV which is an app you can download on your phone or TV. If you don’t have SlingTV, just do the free trial, watch the game, then cancel the subscription. I typically will use NFLbite, and screencast my computer to my TV"
I also like sportssurge.com
"Crackstreams works for me, originally found it as as solution to stop getting charged up the ass for redzone"
"How to listen to, If I'm not in DVE 's range."
Thank you
"I use nfl Sunday ticket, but it’s apparently being broadcasted in my area today so I can’t watch it"
bilasport.net
Dofusports app is perfect for streaming you get one or two ad before the stream links open. And it’s been flawless since I started using it
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nflbite
Volokit is steady as well
""
This is clearly Aaron Rodgers
Not Thicc enough to be Ben
I was expecting to see a picture of Amy Schumer out for a walk.
This is clearly Andrew Luck.
[deleted]
"If you think the Georgia sunshine made Ben here look younger and slimmer, you should see what it did for Ashley!"
""
Jesus Christ we’re really in their heads rent free. I just popped over to that sub for the first time this week and literally almost every single post is about us😂. I mean I guess when your favorite team is that awful franchise there’s nothing better to talk about other than how much you hate the better teams in your division.
I mean he isn’t lying on the Tomlin part.
"This pretty much sums up the Bengals sub in a single post.

Just a bunch of people sitting around sniffing their own farts and thinking themselves superior because they root for a historically shitty team. 

Analysis? Nope. Injury reports? Not really. Opponent discussions? Just post a 'Fuck ____' thread. Individual match ups? Just masturbate to a fantasy that is years away. Interviews? They don't do that there. 

The best part is they all go wild when someone claims to root for the Bengals just because of Joe Burrow. Bengals are just dying for some bandwagon fans."
"Lol imagine thinking Ben is everyone’s fav player over tj and minkah... 

I love Ben but he may not even be top 3 fav atm"
"Try living in Cleveland, bruh.


Although I will say Browns fans have been chill this year. Can’t really say shit when we’re undefeated in week 10."
Hi fellow Ohio Steelers fan 👋 Let's do this today!!!!!
I wear Dan Kreider’s jersey.  You see special teams players jerseys in the stadium.  I would say we are one of the fan bases that knows their team depth the best. Bengals fans aren’t allowed to talk about loyalty.  I currently live in central Ohio and you don’t see a bengals jersey unless they are winning.  Win or lose you see Steelers and Brown jerseys.  I even saw a Sipe jersey on a weekday near the end of last season.  It was a sight.
Holy shit thats just sad
"I didn't know that the Browns, the Titans, and the Ravens were bad teams..."
"Let's refer to Tomlin as ""Thou Dude"" from now on."
"Been a Steelers fan all my life. Never once called for Tomlins job, fucking amazing coach. I learn the names of every steeler who makes a play, and I DO love Big Ben. As a TRUE steeler fan, I know defeat. I know shooting ourselves in the foot. And most importantly i know the steelers can pull off any win if we show up. So, win or lose, steelers are always number one in my book. Best team in the NFL."
Ain't wrong about the fans and Tomlin though. Shit is annoying.
Something tells me that this dude only knows Ben also
"I'm 50

I sat in the Dawg Pound with my faced painted black and gold in 1991. 

I've been to a Pens / Flyers game in 1988 (before the Pens were really good) where Flyers fans were picking fights.

Hands down, Bengals fans are literally the stupidest fan base I've ever encountered in my life.   
Not even close.  It's an aggressive stupidity too."
"Damn I literally can’t name one other player besides Big Ben...

Someone help me- who else is on the team????"
Little do they know that I will full out ugly cry when Tomlin does leave and Pouncey and Heyward are the backbone in my opinion. Love this team through and through.
"Their wife-beater RB is out today, so its all down to TJ and Bud vs. Burrow, and I'll take our boys every day of the week.

Edit: not a wife beater. Just caught on camera punching some random girl in the face."
[deleted]
"Who dey? Who dey gets knocked out of the playoffs every time they play the Steelers? Who dey has a packed escalator leaving the upper tier of their stadium (when the stands were allowed to be full) at the end of the 3rd quarter during a Steelers game? Who dey? The Bengals have been and always will be the Bungles. They might be in the lead, but they'll figure out a way to lose the game."
"I'm still waiting for Burrow to ""light up our secondary."" Is he not playing today?"
Being a bengals fan is detrimental to your health 🤣. Go Steelers!!
"A little bizarre seeing the Tomlin take, here, since the Bengals' fanbase and media pressure literally chased out a guy who posted winning season after winning season, and playoff appearance after playoff appearance...while coaching the fucking Bengals.

Marvin Lewis deserves HOF votes for lifting that team to the staggering heights of ""meh"" for so many years."
Check out their sub. The amount of whining about the refs “helping” us and the crying about how dirty of an organization we are is like every other post. We are living rent free and I’m loving it.
"Joey Porter: ""I'm tired of whoopin y'all ass. Y'all make me tired""

https://youtu.be/X7PbTNds7u8"
"Bengals games always reminds me of a quote from Mad Men: 

Pete (Bengals Fans): ""I feel bad for you.""

Don (Us): ""I don't think about you at all.""

Steelers by 20."
"I deal with it too living in Ohio and Jesus, it gets annoying. I’m not nearly as loud about our team as I could be because I believe in being classy but they have no idea what the word means."
“Bunch of front running band wagoners living in a trailer” is a pretty funny insult from a guy whose grammar this bad.
Live score check in: 36-7. That guys post did not age well 🤣
"Ok he’s got a point about fans calling for Tomlin’s job😂

Not all of us but still"
“They’ve only played bad teams” anyone wanna tell him?
Yo I live in Ohio and my entire family are die hard browns fans. It’s halarious on Steelers-browns game day to hear them scream in agony while I quietly laugh at them
I can hear the lisp and missing teeth that Cinci trash bag has in his writing
"Fan based gate keeping is the worst.

One of my best friends is a Brownie and I consistently know more browns players/coaches then her. However year after year, shit show after shit show she goes crazy nuts supporting the Browns. It wouldn’t bring me the same joy shitting on the Browns if she wasn’t a real fan. 

Just because you don’t know a lot about your team doesn’t mean you are not a fan."
"There’s a kernel of truth there. People around here call for Tomlin’s head weekly. However, I don’t understand how people are STILL saying we haven’t faced good teams."
The ones living in a trailer are probably the furthest away from steeler bandwagon fans
They put chili on spaghetti noodles so they can shut the fuck up and keep breathing out of their mouths.
They hate us cuz they ain’t us.
Fuck the tiger browns
"One time at a high school football game some kid was wearing a Joe Flacco jersey. My brother said ""why do you like the Ravens, you live in PA"" and the kid replied ""BRO YOU BANDWAGON I BET YOU COULDN'T NAME ANYONE BESIDES THE QB AND WRS"" and my brother proceeded to name the entire steelers roster. Then we asked the kid who on the Ravens he knew and he only named the stars."
"Right, cuz Pittsburgh is nothing but sprawling trailer parks. Moron."
"TJ Watt, he’s got us there on the Tomlin bit, and how does your shoe taste buddy?"
r/agedlikemilk
"They really have a huge little brother complex. They want us to be a rivalry and beat us so bad, really they're just fighting for relevance"
Wait is this person saying we all live in one big trailer?
Holy shit.  Dude hit the 'shine a little early in the day.
They’re just a classless organization and things of that nature.
“Joe gonna torch that secondary” can’t wait to post this on r/agedlikemilk
Rent free
THEY HATE US CUZ THEY ANUS!!!!! (Who's 2-5-1?) :-D
"You think this is bad just check Twitter, it’s so toxic on there even been swims shazier slander"
"I live in Ohio. 45 minutes west of downtown. A very heavy Steelers area. But I still occasionally get the “how can you not be a Browns/Bengals fan if you live in Ohio?”

Like motherfucker since when does the state dictate your fandom"
That man’s been breathing those Jim Beam fumes out the river too long.
"It does suck living in Ohio and being a Steelers fan but on the other hand, I love it! I don’t know what he’s talking about when he says bandwagoners🤣! I go shopping every Sunday and when the browns are on a losing streak I don’t see nearly as much browns gear when I’m out and about then when the week before they won a game or are on a winning streak(which is rare). That’s the definition of bandwagoners. It’s extremely noticeable too. I love it when browns fans say “Steelers suck!!”, like it hurts my feelings😂!"
"Tomlin has made some questionable decisions as far as challenges, play calls, etc. The main thing I can’t understand is why so many people are ready to get at his throat, it is after all the NFL. Most of the time it’s go big or go home and he likes to go big and I’m not mad at the man for it. The team wouldn’t be where they are now if it wasn’t for Tomlin and we should appreciate him more. Can’t wait for out boys to whip some Bengal ass today! GO STEELERS!!!"
Pff Bengals fans don’t even know bout the 🐐Deaneglo Williams
Ohio shares a border with Kentucky AND West Virginia
"I lived in cincy for years. Nice city. But during the 2000s, it was more common than not for their home game to be blacked out due to not selling out seats. Say what you will about the Browns, but they have real fans. Cincy is fair weather as all hell."
"I live in Ohio and most of these people work hard jobs for min wage and beat their wives, root for the browns and live to hate the best."
Get a load of this jackass
[deleted]
"Guys.

Fuck the Ravens.

And fuck Facebook."
Tbf he’s right about yinzers calling form Tomlin’s head.
"lololol I’m a Steelers fan, born and raised in Cincinnati, and they stay hating."
"Team has only faced bad teams this year.
Did you just trash your own team."
I've always found Bengals fans way more obnoxious than any other fans.
"We dey, bitch. WE ALWAYS DEY."
"Hm? Is this guy still talking now? I don’t hear him, or a third down conversion for that matter..."
When your franchise is as great as ours its hard remembering the names of all the greats that played for us 😎😎😎
Get wrecked Bungles
Every Cinci fan I know is embarrassed and wants the team sold 😂
"I have never called for tomlins job, I have never watched the Steelers win a super bowl cuz the last time they did, I was like 9 and was too dumb to understand football. I love the Steelers because my dad has loved the Steelers almost his whole life. You wanna talk about bandwagoners, look at half the patriots fan base that only became “fans” after they started winning Super Bowls."
Ohio here. My browns fan in laws have literally made me not care about football anymore. They take all of the fun out of watching.
"Love the part of the Steelers only faced bad teams. As if the Bungles are a good team, lol."
TJ Watt is my fav but I really enjoy 99% of this team.
That’s rich coming from the fan who’s team hasn’t won a playoff game in like 30 years.
"Damn, sure speaking like a 66-35 all time."
What a clown
L.......o.....L
The tomlin part is facts though. I had to stop reading the game day thread because of that.
Those last 2 sentences tho 😂😂😂
I know more Browns fans than I do Bengals and they're a much more classy group of people. Basically the Bengals want to be the Ravens so badly they mimick their crowd.
Jealousy is unbecoming.
I’m not against going on their subs game thread if anybody wants to join
"Even in their shit talking posts, we have them admitting tomlin is the best coach in the NFL. They’re down bad & know it"
We got yinzers ready to fire Tomlin after any given bubble screen.
Well it was pretty brutal. That part was right.
Only yellow I like is piss
He’s not wrong about fans calling for tomlins job if they lose today.  The Tomlin haters will finally warm up their keyboards on that first L.
Psh. Do they not realize we also root for the Pirates?
[removed]
[deleted]
""
First play: run up the middle with Conner. Probably try a short pass or screen after that. Then on 3rd down make Ben try to convert a third and long. And god forbid a screen actually works we’ll be running that play for the rest of the game. I’m predicting we fall behind early and then rely on Ben to make another improbable comeback.
2 yard run up the middle with Conner as the first offensive play is a virtual certainty in this game.
Every yinzer thinks every play should go for a first down and every drive for a touchdown
or the one we all want 75 yard touchdown to chase claypool on first play and then we get vintage big ben
Is it just me or are we really not running that many screen passes this year? And the ones we do are usually successful
"1st play Conner left side.

2nd play Conner middle.

3rd play screen to Conner right side, 1st down.

4th play Ben throws it 180 yards into the parking lot. 2 yards past Claypool"
I thought CBS is the dedicated AFC network. Why is Fox showing two AFC teams playing each other? Does it have something to do with the game being flexed?
"CBS has The Masters this weekend, which takes precedence for them."
"Might be - I’m cool with it, though, since the Bills are playing at the same time, which usually means Western NY can’t watch the Steelers play without Sunday Ticket."
Yeah... it really doesn’t matter to me...I just found it odd that FOX was airing an AFC matchup.
I really don't care for Fox's drawings of players that they plaster all over every 30 seconds. They just seem so out of place to me.
"A few years ago the NFL decided that they were going to occasionally mix NFC and AFC games between FOX and CBS to maximize viewing availability. For the most part, they stick to their own networks. But sometimes you’ll see them crossover like this week’s game."
They started doing this a few years ago. Its to maximize viewership. Usually starts later im the season as it gets closer to playoff seeding
"It is odd for FOX to have a game with two AFC teams, but not unseen. I think the whole CBS/AFC FOX/NFC thing is more of a guideline they use than a hard rule when they set the broadcast schedule. After all there are lots of interconference games that one of them has to take"
This game was supposed to be CBS at 1pm and got moved because of golf.
The masters are broadcast on CBS so it got booted to fox
"I'll miss Romo's astute analysis and objective commentary.

/s

edit: just looked up the Fox Announcers for today:  Kenny Albert & Johnathan Vilma. I don't think I remember who they are.  At least its not Joe Buck."
""
Doesn't help that we're basically the bungles super bowl every year.
"Mine with my one friend are just a lot of ""AHHHHHHHHHHHH""'S and such."
The standard is the standard
[deleted]
[deleted]
"That's 2-5-*1*, thank you very much."
You're cringe.
LMAO
Stop going to other teams subs to talk shit and troll. Pretty much the opposite of the steeler way
Funny but may be against sub rules
"You're just asking for a ban from here and there, how smart."
"Trolling other team's subreddits doesn't make you cool, it makes you an asshole."
Ban this guy
Stop this shit. It's very poor style. You're embarrassing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
"Damn, didn't even try on this repost."
This was posted yesterday and it is still extremely disturbing.
[deleted]
I'm getting a puppy next week and I think he needs one of these.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Ohio Steeler fan here. 

It's currently just after 1:30 PM and the game in Cleveland was delayed. With both of these games on Fox we can expect the Cleveland game to run over and the Steelers game not broadcast for a minute, right?

Annoying but I guess this is what I get for living in Browns country."
"I think the PGH market theyll switch over to the Steelers game at 4:25. Rest of the country, no idea."
Use nflbite.com or sportsurge.net to catch the first part of the Steelers game. That’s what I’m gonna do
"I am in the same boat, and unfortunately I think it means that we just lost at least the first 30 minutes of our game, unless this thing on now flies by."
Just stream it til the game comes on live
At least the Browns-Texans game is a thriller.
crackstreams.com
"They better go to a ....”more competitive game”

Isn’t that the bs they gave us earlier ?"
Might have a delayed start in Pgh too. Same weather that delayed Cle is headed this way so it might be fine honestly.
How much will we have to come back by at half?
Idk why but I’m optimistic we’ll be up 17-7 at the half.  I know we usually play down to worse teams but I’m feeling good today.
this is a we will be up at halftime game then it will be close as the end
14-14
I'm saying its 2-2 at halftime and the Steelers win 4-2 in overtime
"Either 14 up like the one anon commented or 0-10 or 3-13, not picking a team for those scores"
""
"10 years from now I'll see you at a game wearing that and be like, ""oh shoot I remember that dude!"" Those are my favorite type of jerseys."
"I'll be damned.  Good for Spillane, getting some representation in the naish."
DHgate?
Nice
But why?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Rub some dirt on it and call it game worn
"Try rubbing alcohol. If it’s ink, alcohol will dissolve it."
Pull it over your head and open a beer.  That ought to just about do the trick.
try rubbing alcohol
Spill some mustard from your kielbasa on it.
It looks like a rub in the vinyl. Hit it with a little white sneaker fix shit and call it a day.
"Looks like that anti-theft ink. Good luck if so. 

Get it autographed or use it for tailgating. If you drink and eat as much as I do, you’ll get something else on it and the ink stain will seem inconsequential."
"Take it to a dry cleaner. If it can be removed, they will remove it.

Point it out to them and see what they say."
https://youtu.be/AMbv4YaLLhM
[removed]
""
Glad Tyson is back
"Man, I hope Hilton gets better soon."
Thankfully the team learned from last week and didn't play McFarland or KDot. Also sucks that Buggs is gone but I'm glad to see more of Carlos Davis
Dobbs is inactive because he’s got his hands full calling the right plays on offense.
Why is Bugsnax inactive?
""
How’s the weather? I heard it’s pretty terrible with the wind
"Check out the American Flag, looks pretty strong. Goal posts, slightly more subdued. The open end has always been tricky here. Let’s hope it doesn’t come down to FGs for us."
And the bengals will be your sacrifice!
"While you are there, make sure you honor the Mr. Rogers shrine for good fortune"
Let’s GO!!!
Nice. This is the first year in a decade I won't be able to make it. It's been an annual trip for my father-in-law and I. Originally we'd drive in together from Chicago and now we meet up there after I moved to Raleigh. 2020 sucks.
"You’ve made the pilgrimage, now viciously celebrate"
What a game to be there for!
Let us know how your experience was...
How fun! Hope you stayed warm!!!
I was a couple sections to your left in 121. You had the perfect view for Juju touchdown!
"Yes, yes, the temple of the unbeaten!"
Can fans go on the field? I’d love to stand on the grass one day in heinz field
. .
"I desperately want to make the trip there from England, when the world finally gets back to normal!"
"So you now need to go to every steeler game, good luck charm."
I’ve puked in that holy temple
"#Cincinnati Bengals at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): FOX

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:18

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Bengals * *|0|7|0|3|10|
|Steelers *|12|10|7|7|36|


Last Play: (:18) (Shotgun) T.Williams right tackle to PIT 33 for 1 yard (R.Spillane).

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|FG|1|(11:28) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|1|(4:53) C.Boswell 30 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|1|(1:54) (No Huddle, Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to D.Johnson for 12 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|TD|2|(10:40) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short left to T.Higgins for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PIT|TD|2|(7:27) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN [C.Lawson].|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|2|(1:51) C.Boswell 45 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|3|(4:26) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to C.Claypool for 11 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(10:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to C.Claypool for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|CIN|FG|4|(5:09) R.Bullock 37 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Bengals | 6 | 65 | 139 | 185 | 16 |
| Steelers | 6 | 45 | 44 | 333 | 22 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jux4y3/post_game_thread_cincinnati_bengals_at_pittsburgh/)
Giys don't act like fucking scum in the Bengals sub... just don't
"Stop posting in the Bengals game thread, you’re just going to get banned from both subs"
Was that not a safety lmaooo
Popped in Bengals sub real quick and seen a Steeler fan in there shitting on dudes injury... things we don’t do?? THAT
"Ben’s already thrown for 243 yds. 2 TDs 0 int.  

DJ has 116 yds. 1 TD."
I just saw Josh Dobbs doing a “good luck to the crew” recorded message on the Science Channel’s live coverage of tonight’s SpaceX launch. Steelers fans know Dobbs has an Aerospace Engineering degree.
"It would be great to not to have to win a game on the last play...


Please.

No seriously....."
"They've mentioned the word ""Heisman"" at least 30 times today"
Haha pretty sure that’s JuJu’s family not just some random fans wearing his jersey
Lurking in r/Bengals is really interesting. They keep talking about our dirty hits? Burrow is injured because their line is asscheeks lmao
"Guys I don’t know, somethings off about this game. It’s at the end of the fourth quarter and I’m not hyperventilating."
11:11 left. Claypool TD up next confirmed
Tomlin furiously not getting fined
Shout out to that dude earlier saying TJ is super overrated along side Bud lol
"Final: 27-0 
9 Bosgod field goals"
Just your reminder to chill the fuck out :)
Are other fan bases this nervous when leading by 15 pts mid way through the 3rd? I'm not comfortable lol
Well that dancing clip is about to get reposted a dozen+ times in the next 24 hours here.
Let mason fling it you cowards
"Annoyed by our offense.  But, honestly, that wind is *kicking*."
"🚨 BREAKING NEWS 🚨 

JOE HADEN GOT ANOTHER PBU AND IT WASNT CALLED DPI

I REPEAT

JOE HADEN GOT ANOTHER PBU AND IT WASNT CALLED DPI"
The Steelers have just scored from the Heinz Red Zone. You too can score with Heinz thick and rich ketchup from your local Giant Eagle
"In 2020 the Pittsburgh Steelers are 9-0

Like what lololol is this real life"
"My mom is British.


Says conner needs to ""stop stipper stappin""


Not 100% sure what that means but I think she wants him to hit the holes and run north/south"
"Juju?

Lit.

Ben?

Goat.

Boz?

God."
"Imagine talking all that shit all Twitter just to show up like this lol, couldn’t imagine"
"9-0

Drink it in"
"Burrow has that look on his face like “holy shit is this my life now?” Yes son, it is"
"'TJ Watt makin' a name for himself.'

Motherfucker he's already made a name for himself and is building a god damn empire."
"ITS LIT!!

HERE WE GO STEELERS!

UPVOTE FOR GOOD JUJU"
Why’s the they saying it was three and out? Diontae had a first down lmao
"I thought Edmunds had that for a moment and nearly spilled my Chinese food.

Nearly a double tragedy."
Goal line fades are literally the most inefficient play in football
Lol I'm pumped for the shotgun hand off to Conner coming up.
Bengal fans talking about how steelers are a one and done team when they can't even make it to .500 lmao
"""Found a fan in the stands with his jersey""

Uh....you mean his family?"
Minkah is so damn good and 90% of the positive stuff he does just doesn’t show up on the stat sheet or wouldn’t be noticeable without all 22 film
That sack was a smaller play non-Steeler fans miss that make TJ the DPOY. Took the Bengals out of a scoring opportunity.
[deleted]
Vilma openly rooting for the Bengals.
"Going from Romo to fucking Vilma is like night and day, and that's still an understatement."
What’s up with Fox doing these cringe cartoons of players. Like who thought that was a good idea?
I want a PS5 so bad guys
Joe Haden is being considerate of the cold rain and blanketing these receivers to keep them warm
I don't watch fox football coverage much. I am already tired of the animations
Vilma sounds genuinely devastated that Ben didn’t throw a pick
Bengals pull Burrow I like the kid :(
"""He has to feel these losses.""

Nah, the guy's been smacked around today, he absolutely feels it.  Give the poor guy a rest and make sure he doesn't get hurt."
"This is what they get for posting the towel video, sometimes I forget that we’re one of their biggest “rivals” lol"
"3 Heisman QBs in the division, and the best one is the one who played in the MAC conference"
Stop. Doing. That. Play.
"That a boy Claypool, move that ball"
NFL Talking Heads Tomorrow: If that was Mahomes he would have thrown it for 97 yards and scored a touchdown. That's why the Steelers just aren't good.
Please Mapletron not you. Don’t let him be hurt
Spillane’s been watching too much Polamalu film
"That’s 20’s third forced fumble. 

Amazing how he isn’t even our bests slot corner."
"Need to get to Burrow, no pressure."
conner today... yikes.
Bungles subreddit is imploding and it’s brings true tears to my eyes.
Does Vilma not like the Steelers or something??
YO YALL SEE THAT ARIZONA HAIL MARY? WTF
Why the fuck is Joe Burrow out there
John Vilma sucks
"Burrow: Heisman 20 years after Ben was in college.


Ben: and... I took that personally."
lmao did edmunds just catch someone's foot
"I’ve been hesitant on drafting an RB high this year after we’ve spent 3 mid round picks on a row on RBs, and I think offensive line is a bigger need unless a QB falls to us, but maybe we should consider a Najee Harris or a Travis Etienne."
Thought Ben was gone bust out a run lmao
Steelers fans: Looks like Conner hype is back on the menu!
[deleted]
Shame we can’t rely on a run game to pick up 2 yards on third down
"Watt up to 9 sacks... Garrett only was given half a sack today... gap has been closed.

&#x200B;

Also jesus that slick sidline... I don't wanna see Burrow hurt from shit like that."
"Prevent defense is typically the bane of ever fan’s existence, but that is exactly how you’d want to run defense against their last drive of the half"
I wanna see a singing contest that really puts someone's skills to the test and their belief in themselves. Think you're the best? Prove it. Drink a poison and if you win the match you get the antidote otherwise it's lights out.
Haden is kicking all sorts of ass today.
u know randy was twitching at halftime knowing they haven’t gone run run pass on a 3 and out yet
Ben literally pump faked a defender onto the ground. Best pump fake of all time.
"Claypool is the next megatron 

Johnson is the next ab

Juju is the next hines"
I want the Steelers to drop a 40 point game on the bengals so bad lol
"Vilma: ""I WAS ALSO DRAFTED IN 2004 EVERYONE"""
Vilma must have money on cincy the way he was just crying
Vilma with a literal boner because cincy made a play down 30 points in the 4th
Baker Mayfield with a noose around his neck looking at Joe Burrow: First Time?
This commentator won’t stop sucking off the Bengals
"Hear me out.


4th quarter.


Nothing but deep pass until we complete one"
I hope I don’t get downvoted for this but I like Burrow honestly. I think he could become a really good QB in the future with more time and experience
"I return with Chinese food and bless the old lady's heart who took my order and included two sets of chopsticks and two fortune cookies thinking I was ordering for two.

I assure her and everyone else I'm just fat.

Chinese food is here, dogs and myself are in our jerseys, got a good Sativa ground up testing at like 25.5%, and a victory pre-roll on standby for tomorrow morning when I get off work.

Let's. Fucking. Go."
How the fuck is that not a safety
Conner isn’t very good
Don't you dare mention Rudolph
Another 3rd and 5 into the fucking bleachers
Dobbs seems like a good dude
Chase bb please be ok
Ben to Johnson looks exactly like Ben to AB when they connect
Watching strip fumbles in slow motion is honestly the best thing
Very smart by Ben. Give the ball back to the Bengals so we're closer to their end zone when they fumble again.
So we beat the Ravens and Cowboys by doing things needed to win?
I hate listening to Vilma so much
"Well, there’s that big shit the bed play"
Vilma hates the Steelers as much as y’all think Romo does
Why does our defense go from being lockdown and forcing a fumble to looking like Swiss cheese and completely confused.
Patrick mahomes is really good at cornhole
Alright we’re still up 5 we got this
Jonathan Vilma plz shut up
Burrow is legit very good. Hopefully the Bengals end up squandering his talent so he can find success somewhere else.
Jc isn’t an outside type runner. Why are we running stretch plays with him?
Can someone please...pleaseeee explain to me why. The. Fuck. Do. They. Run. Conner. Outside? Seriously wtf. It's never been his thing and never will be his thing. Fucking knock it off randy. Go eat a cheeseburger
Comments a bit negative for being up 22-7 at the end of the 2nd
Imagining TJ whispering to Burrow on the ground “get used to this sweetheart”
TJ and Bud Dupree are the best pass rush duo in the NFL and it’s not even close
Those fox QB graphics are so weird lol
"Ok y’all we get the Bengals sub is bitching, just as we do when we lose like this, but leave them alone posting there is annoying and petty for us both."
"We need to finish this game with over 40 points. Weather isn’t ideal but who gives a shit. Step on their throats, leave no doubt how dominant this team really is"
Winning playoff games will be hard without a run game.
"For the rest of the game, the D needs to keep on blitzing.  The rook needs about 3-4 more sacks to truly be welcomed to Heinz Field."
Fox you fucking idiots. Went to take a break when shit was happening.
Claypool is the receiver Ben has always wanted.
LMAO at that CB talking shit to Claypool while down 4 scores
Watch me throw this over that mountain
Vilma so upset
I don't like to wear baggy clothes.  But if Tomlin doesn't look like the comfiest mf every week on the sidelines all layered up.
It’s really nice to see us beat the living shit out of an inferior team for once
Love that the party has already started on the sideline lol
The Bengals called a fake punt down 29 points so their#1 draft pick could get hit more times
lmao I love that the defense seemed to take that fake punt personally. If you're gonna pull some hoe shit at the end of a game that's over then we're gonna make you pay.
Is it just me or do we need an interception to make this complete
I actually am interested in watching Rudy play in a low pressure situation.
Mason looked good there
That chip on ben's shoulder has been our MVP for years
The Standard is the Standard.
Vilma he feels the loss either way I promise.
"No heart attacks this game, feels good."
"Thank you Steelers for not giving me a heart attack today. 

I love you"
That should be a safety?  It hit off him before the endzone
"So how is that not a safety? He touched it in bounds, then downed it in the end zone?"
"Wait, when he touches the ball isn’t it live outside the end zone and then he recovers in the end zone so safety??"
"3 possessions in 7 minutes, and only 3 points to show for it. Come on, guys."
"Hey guys, is it cool if I watch with y'all? People are being assholes in my thread."
Bengal took a knee to the head. How he's ok
PRAY FOR ELBOWS PRAY FOR ELBOWS PRAY FOR ELBOWS
"If these stupid networks don't stop making a mountain out of a molehill every time Ben touches his elbow, I'm going to go insane."
This has felt like the longest quarter in history.
The announcers are gonna run down on feild and suck off Burrow any time now.
"I love Ben's deep balls.....

You know what I'll stand by that statement"
"Unstoppable 

*when we get going"
I think that was bens prettiest deep ball all season
I’m confused what playaction Vilma is talking about on that Higgins pass
illegal pick but whatever
Was that not a pick??
"That's the ""legal"" pick play"
This announcer has been all sorts of wrong and it’s getting really annoying
JUUJUUUU! Idk how Ben got that off & threw it so accurately. Let's go!
Don't take Ben for granted Pittsburgh
Hella respect for Juju giving a fan the ball.
"Off tackle run from the shotgun: loses 6 yards

Fichtner: I’ll fuckin do it again"
"Passing is working?

Let's run a stretch play and lose 5"
That was big them not getting any points before the half.
"TJ is killing it, Diontae is feasting more than fasting, and Large Benjamin is doing work. I love it so far."
"It really annoys me that he keeps calling him ""Schuster"". Juju Smith-Schuster, Smitch-Schuster or just Juju, but never ""Schuster"". Idiot."
Chase Claypool just scored from the Heinz Red Zone. We too can score big with Heinz thick and rich ketchup from our local Giant Eagle
Starting to sound like a broken record but Claypool is something special
TJ should've won the award last season.
Geez did this announcer put like 50 Grand on the Bengals or something
Vilma out here shamelessly rooting for the bungles lmao
McCloud is such an 200 IQ returner
Lol fuck the Bengals. They were talking mad shit before this game acting like they are actually on our level. Forgetting that we have beaten them the last 10 times. Hopefully those dumbass fans learn there lesson after this game that they will never be on our level.
My lack of chest pains right now is odd.
Teams from Ohio and Roethlisberger shitting all over them. Name a more iconic duo
Anyone who says we aren't a top 2 team in the nfl or don't have a shot at the SB is plain incorrect. We're incredible.
[deleted]
Honestly why the fuck did they even have Joe still in? Hopefully he’s ok.
"Bengals pls, pull Burrow, he doesn't need this abuse, he's going to be good for you guys, don't let him get hurt for nothing."
Post game thread?
Imagine being a Bengals fan 😳😂
"Ben: ""What if I throw the ball really fucking hard?"""
"So if power doesn’t come back I will have to resort to getting shitfaced in my car in order to charge my phone to keep the stream up.

This is the way."
Please can we make a rookie QB look like a rookie QB today?
[deleted]
"'Bengals had a 3 and out...'  

&#x200B;

No, no they didn't... get some better announcing here."
Yo my toupèe just blew across the field
How was that not a safety?
Lmao I love how they won't even show the replay to see if it was actually a safety.
Announcers just going to ignore not telling us why that wasn't a safety? lol
"AJ green and fitzgerald have to be the best receivers held back by the teams they were on


Edit: how could I forget Calvin!"
"Is it me, or does the offense lock onto one WR to start the game lately?"
Lol Chase says yeah take it back to the 5 instead
Lmao Claypool...”ima give that punt an extra couple yards”
Lmaoooooo claypool
Let’s go boys!  Defense and Special Teams are gonna have to step up today.  Make this a game of field position.
"Ben out front blocking?


Where are my rosary beads???"
Ben rubs his elbow every damn week
man it’s so FUCKING refreshing to see a completion in a deep ball holy fuck
Claypool plz be ok
Please be ok CC
C'mon Chase..shake it off buddy..please
F in chat for Claypool’s playtools
Ben trusts Dobbs more than his OC.
The defense has been saving their power
Sutton with the shortest redemption arc in history
we just not gonna do anything on these turnovers huh
Man I'd kill for a 2015 deangelo Williams right now
The fact that we can't run on 3rd and 2.....
Bengals fan made a post about putting the Terrible Towel in a urinal. This loss is gonna be on him.
Aaaaaaargh.  Why are they running Conner east and west?
I can not STAND stats like that TO margin stat. Of fucking course it’s better in wins than in loses. No fucking shit. They are very highly correlated. That stat means NOTHING.
"On the flip side, Berry has been punting really well"
"3 points off 2 turnovers. I know we're 8-0, but that's just really frustrating."
"Yo, offense, wake the fuck up"
Alright Randy can you pretty please challenge these 5th string corners?🥺
"Ben got a roughing the passer call?! BRB, going to check outside for pigs flying around"
JUJU HAVE MY BABIES
That’s vintage Ben there
When Ben plays like this we look like an 8-0 team.
It’s so annoying that the Bengals finally have a good Quarterback
"Lol Vilma just bodied that guy. “I don’t care if you’re a good backup, if you were good you’d be the starter”"
Ebron has been the receiving TE we thought LaDarius Green was going to be.
I don’t blame Conner I blame our run block
Minkah making a play that won't show up in the box score.
Tj fucked their field goal chance all up lol
Bengals thread is so mad right now lmao
Anyone else's game thread stuck on a bos pat?
Why does this color commentator hate the Steelers so much? Lmao He keeps bringing up how many yards they gave up on the ground to the Ravens
Man Joe Haden is the fucking man. One of our best FA signings ever
Ayyy got a yard from the run game. Better than usual!
"Tua, Herbert, Burrow.  That's a pretty good class of rookie QBs.  Gotta wonder, would you rather be playing and living in L.A., on a scrub team and living in Miami, or on a scrub team and living in Cincinnati?"
TJ can do it all
Are they seriously showing us a fucking ad when the ball might have come out?
Madness going on on the field. LETS HEAR FROM LOWES RIGHT NOW
JuJu haters are not having a good time tonight.
Yo it's 7 PM eastern and the 4th quarter hasn't started yet I hate these afternoon games
LMAO that cartoon of Ben with the super huge James Harrison arms makes me laugh when ever they show it.
Bens just practicing now
That second effort by JuJu.
Sucks to not be sure you can run for 1 yd
That’s some cool history on Spillane.
Bungles blaming the refs in their sub. Fucking hilarious.
Mason Rudolph is our human victory cigar
"Moving forward the Steelers should be throwing the ball to set up the run, not the other way around. Randy needs to stop trying to run the Bill Cowher offense. It's not going to work well with this team. We have a hall of fame QB who is still playing at a pro bowl level along with a really solid young receiving core that's been getting better every week. The offensive line seems to be a much stronger pass blocking unit as well. I hope Randy is able to figure all of this out before we get into the playoffs."
No idea why this thread got stuck. Have to go check some logs
I don’t know who the Bengals backup is but put him in and save your franchise
Solid game.  Good night all.
Damn Haden is blanketing dudes today
Just about time to go pickup Chinese food and keep this streak going.
James Conner looks lost every time we call an outside run
Maybe don't start Conner so far back on every single play
FG scaring me. Wind has definitely caught a few balls.
We need to establish the run. This wind is coming in huge gusts and ain't gonna let up. Glad we have Berry to boom kicks like that last one. I am real surprised they tried this last one with Bos and even more impressed he nailed it holy hell!
Praise be that was an elite kick in this wind
"3rd downs are either ""how much you wanna bet I can throw this over those mountains?"" or ""how many people do you think Connor can run through by himself on this screen?"""
"Is that not a safety, touched it outside the endzone"
How is it not a safety
That ball hit him! That's a safety
I'm confused how is it a touchback?
Why is that not a safety?
Hello? Isn't that a safety?
We're all happy to have Alualu back.
I love this defense so god damn much.
Jesus Christ these bengals are so undisciplined
This is the weirdest game
anyone else ever think about how nice is it to see a former divisional opponent's best player join us and then just be awesome for years? Haden is honestly one of my all time favorite Steelers over the years.
I’m tired of JC dunno about you guys
"1st and 20, we just got stuffed on the run, and Fichtner calls another run play.

Fuck's sake man."
"Come on Diontae, we know you’re better than that"
Berry is earning is job back
Alrighty TJ... its about fucking time you get a strip sack.  You are overdue on the season
Did Claypool just down the ball and try to throw it further back? 😂
Vance was never a major star but I've alway liked seeing him play.  Hope he's back soon.
We acting like Ben is literally made of glass
4 possessions. Good field position. 6 points. Not great.
Can’t run on Alualu
Alualu's effect on the run defense looks nice so far
Deep ball: Unlocked
THAT'S A LONG JOHNSON
James fucking Washington!!
TD!
Be ok chase
Oh chase please be ok
"Damn, what a drive. I was seriously starting to doubt our offense but they just shut me up."
My boy Clay be GOOD PLEASE
"I’m usually a fan of being aggressive, but I’m not a fan of going for 2 on that one. Take the points in all of this wind"
Hopefully claypool is fine
52 minute 1st quarter wtf!
Dammit Sutton you were gonna be the affordable resign this year
"'Bengals have kicked themselves in the foot.'

Nah they missed their foot and kicked themselves square in the dick. It's actually kind of impressive."
"I'm happy with the score, especially considering the conditions. But man Conners patient running game is not working rn"
What is up with the number of batted down passes this year?
"What on Earth is Chuks doing? You can't just let your man stand there and get up to deflect that pass, you have to engage him."
Is it just me or has Ben had way more balls tipped at the line this season?
"For being 6'5"" Ben sure has been getting a lot of passes batted down this season"
I hope to GOD that Ben will start calling the plays the rest of the game randy is ass
Glad we’re winning.  These announcers are terrible.  I hate getting the crap crews.
"Gotta love the Watt Subway commercials. ""MOM!"" ""KNOCK IT OFF!!"""
I love when someone tries to push watt he just puts their hand down for them
Why is our pass rush non-existent
"If he squares up and moves into him to initiate, how is it not OPI?"
That’s a fucking pick
"The drive we switch to zone instead of man and they pick us apart. We rush 3 instead of 4-5. Can we just stick to our strengths and what works, Butler?"
Did they change the rule about using the goalpost as a prop or was that ref just watching the bengals commit a penalty and not care?
These commentators are absolutely gagging on the Bengals dicks
It's better to be lucky then good wtf is this dude saying.
"Fucking Ben.  Wow!

Gonna really miss him when he's gone."
What a find Boswell was. He was like the 4th kicker we had the year we got him.
"That is insane confidence in the pocket, what an absolute dime from Ben"
"Seems like we score at least 1TD/game off of a long PI call forced by Claypool. Easy to forget about those yards, but they're just as good as receptions"
Bens been much better since he got dinged up
Are we gonna pressure burrow? So far he's had a completely clean pocket
Let’s get some QB pressure plzzz
I was told there would be sacks
TJ GOD DAMN WATTTTT
Ebron is fucking huge for this offense
Jonathan Vilma is in shambles that no one is establishing the run.
The James Conner special
Run the ball up the middle!!  Why do we keep running east and west like we’re playing college ball?!
I am so fucking tired of randy fichtner... Why do you not take the couple yards on second down? Wtf... Literally anyone with any football knowledge would call better plays
"Bosgod laughs at flags and eats them for breakfast. 

It's not really healthy but we can't stop him."
Lil John voice: TJ WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT!!!!
How does Watt end up in the full Nelson every game and no call ?
Didn't realize how big TJ was until I saw that Gatorade bottle look like a fucking baby bottle in his hands.
Alright we double the next half we win 44-14
Burrow already having a rough day out there and still a whole half left with a defense that is only just getting started.
Bingo bango bongo the Bengals gonna bungle.
"A 5 win team might make the playoffs.

O lord"
I LIFT WEIGHTS
"Aaah, the good ole try to run off the clock with 30 minutes left in the game"
Fuckkkkkkkk Randy Fichtner
Berry seems quite improved from last year
"When requesting Snell instead of Conner, please remember the fumbles"
NEW BERRY > Old Berry
"We have a stacked WR core, athletic TE, and a HoF QB, wish we would throw when up and bury bad teams instead of playing uber conservative."
Very slow game
Fuck fox and these commercials
Fucking lowes commercial during a pivotal moment
MAPLETRON
Imagine being a bengals fan and thinking you coulda won this game
"Vilma, SHUT. THE. FUCK. UP."
"Ben going for 400+ and 4 TD’s, unless they bring Rudolph in lol."
AJ GREEN IS IN THIS GAME?!
TJ Houshmanzadeh cursed this franchise against the Steelers.
"Vilma talks about him playing and being drafted in the first round every chance he gets lol. Relax bro, we know you played."
Anyone know if Vilma was drafted same class as Big Ben or not? I can’t remember?
Ben is throwing the FUK outta the ball. Calm down bb
They’ve gotta get that connection going at some point. I feel like Ben always misses Claypool there
"Look , I know our run game sucks, but can we at least run a few plays to chew some time off the clock?"
Watching juju get tackled and 5 steelers by his side picking him up immediately makes me happy
Have y’all heard that Ben only went to team facilities to get his daily Covid tests??? They’ve only said it about 15 times so far.
Bengals fans getting mad that the announcers are saying this is practice for Big Ben cause their team can't show the fuck up.
where are snell and mcfarland at?  Running game aint shit give em a shot
This is the best game Jordan Berry has had in a long time.
"kinda feel bad for AJ Green man, it’s sad to see a legend decline despite being such a huge rival"
MCCLOUD
"All I've heard this year is how amazing Burrow is, looks pretty ass today."
This is exactly what my heart needed this week
Ray Ray is gonna return a kick before this season is over
Burrow looks like he pizza'd when he should have french fried.
Is it just me or has Berry been killing it since his re-signing?
Rudolph time
"Games over,  now time to go watch SpaceX take off.  T minus 7 minutes.  In case you guys didn't know"
We should save Burrows from Cincy and have him as our backup lol
claypool is so fucking good. made up for his missed catches today
Vilma is not hip
Only the Bengals would put their fake punt on film during garbage time
Ladies and gentlemen: It's Rudolph time
Been a strange game. I haven’t been able to feel my heartbeat in my eyeballs even once!
What a catch by Hopkins...
Holy fuck Arizona
"So the Packers/ Saints/ Ravens/ Chiefs.

The only other 4 teams with 2 losses or less"
Wtf is going on with the broadcast right now. They had the camera on Tomlin for 2 minutes while they were talking about nothing.
I have to be honest..l Drank just a little too much and dozed off for a few minutes....is Ben OK? I kind of think that they put Rudolph in because the game is out of reach...but just want to make sure.
Ben looking like a snack in that graphic
"Burrow back out,,,,not smart"
Ok boys. Signing off. As usual enjoyed the hell out of bantering with yinz.  9-0.
They really should pull Burrow. We have been getting pressure with second stringers in there. There’s no need to keep him in there and risk the future of the franchise
"I know the game is a forgone conclusion, but watching back up D players come out and keep feasting is awesome to watch."
Bruh... kyler Murray’s bomb to Hopkins was insane...
You know you’re a Steelers fan when a 29-7 lead still isn’t enough to unclinch your cheeks
STOP RUNNING A FUCKING OUTSIDE RUN RANDY. ITS NOT FUCKING WORKING
I don’t know/care if it is Conner or the O-line responsible for the terrible run game. What I do know is that he cannot get any yards running outside. Put Derek in and go up the middle.
Can we stop using that stretch play please thanks
I really hate Vilma. He’s been so fuckin biased so far
there we go...no 1st possession 3 and out
Why does he keep saying three and out? The Steelers picked up a first down.
BOZGAWD
What a garbage camera work
"Ben didn’t practice all week, didn’t expect a fast start"
The wind is no match for Bosgod
If you've lost the endzone you can look and you will find him. Bosgod will be there.
How do we not get points from that????
That was a safety wtf? He touched it.
"Who welcomes Burrow to the AFC North first?

My money is on Watt."
"Man, I forgot AJ Green was even still in the league."
They need to tie a string on that Ref. He's going to blow away
Lol wow Bungles looking super prepared out there
I’m already very thankful our games are rarely on Fox.
Does Conner have eyes? Y
Great hands Diontae.
This offense is really frustrating
Claypool making the big plays moving that ball back two yards
The offense will awaken sooner or later just wait
The run blocking has been abysmal for most of the season but some of the blame has to go on Conner and the playcalling as well. Conner doing way too much dancing and the insistence on running these zone runs to the outside when Conner doesn't have the speed to beat people to the edge is simply baffling.
Haden balling out so far today
BIG BEN BLOCKING QB
Ben was like imma block imma block fuck that
LMAO Ben leading the blockers. That was hilarious.
Bungals fans will say that was a dirty play by Connor
Damn tumble weeds going across the field
Conner doesn’t even try to avoid tacklers lol he just puts his whole body down and goes down
I really don't want to see Rudolph in unless he's taking a knee at the end of the game with the lead.
I had surgery on my foot and have screws in it. If it get stepped on im in crippling pain for a few minutes. I would expect any surgical area to be sensitve forever
Playing the Steelers twice will drop that yardage
I’ll allow those underneath passes all day
"Defense doing their job, wake up offense"
Imagine being a Bengals fan.
This game is gonna last til 8 if we keep this pace up lol
This drive is exactly why you don’t give up on DJ  after an early drop.
"Damn, I thought Johnson was killing us guys?"
"Get well Claypool, we need you"
Oh no no no no
Please don't tell me Claypool is injured...
"He’s just winded I reckon, give him a minute should be fine I hopeee"
I wonder if he smashed his nuts he was getting up like he got sacked.
I just want a burger and fries Domino's...
I get being up 14... but its the fucking first quarter... just kick the ball.   Unless it was suddenly gusting bad enough that even the extra point was sketchy.
Bengals really look like they’re half assing it
Still waiting on that first sack to keep the streak going
The defense reacted immediately to the audible lol.
FUMMMBLLLLLLLLLE!
Ripped that shit out like a Beyblade
How many times are we going to run that stretch play and lose 5 yards?
"Cam sutton is a strip sack artist, how many is that now, geez"
I hate Randy’s calling SO MUCH. You can tell when the dude some kind of sweep or some shit
I’m tired of Fichtner’s dumbass run it on first and 10 and get stuffed scheme
It’s only the end of the first? GTA VI is gonna release before this game ends
"Bengals ""kicked themselves in the foot""

-Jonathan Vilma

lol"
"If Connor is gunna run, it can’t be to the outside."
LoL...911.  only disaster they haven't had yet is an alien invasion
I live for silently watching the Bengals game thread comment meltdown. It’s one of my favorite Bengals vs Steelers traditions as of recent
"""Jersey Shore Family Vacation"" sounds like the absolute worst possible thing to ever go on television"
"2020, the year of the knock downs for Ben."
"0-5 on third downs. 

Alright, defense, you're up"
Every time Washington gets the ball I'm all smiles.
"""More turnovers than first downs...""

Gotta love that!"
"&#x200B;

That was less than optimal"
How on earth and Higgins be that wide open?
How is a TB Tampa team gonna get crushed 38-3 by NO at home but a depleted SF team stays ahead of NO in the Superdome?
Jonathan Vilma can eat a whole bag of dicks.
Haden playing A game coverage today
Better move the ball on offense here no stupid run plays
"Hey defense, you should get a sack

Haha jk

Unless....👀"
Just a reminder that Vilma was drafted 1 pick after Ben
Claypool is a PI generating machine and I love it
Our receivers are really letting Ben down today
How the fuck did that ball get to JuJu?
When the steelers score I say yes
JuJu all day baby!!
Large Benjamin
I can’t stand Vilma announcing this. You’d think we were losing and 0-8 according to him
that's a big Juju in the stands there
Sack this fool
Stop. Playing. Base. Defense. Against. 11. Personnel.
Burrow has like 2 good throws and you guys start freaking out. We are ok guys promise. Nice sack by TJ by the way.
Ben should never have to practice again
need at least 20 point lead at the half to feel comfortable.
Just imagine if we were catching all of these passes hitting players hands. We would be unstoppable.
Everything is great except those stupid outside runs
JC running laterally is gonna give me liver failure
Connor ain't great but these calls are leaving him in a terrible situation
"You're welcome, everyone. I traded diontae johnson in fantasy this week and by law every move I ever make is the wrong one. I'm ok with this."
Run game fucked our whole drive.
Whole drive ruined because of Randy’s dumb fucking shotgun outside run. Thanks a lot you stupid fuck.
Conner averaging five yards per carry today.  Wait a minute.... what do you mean sideways yards don’t count?
Alright need out “#1” defense to step up here
Holding on tj
"TJ Watt getting held every play, as usual"
Beautiful shot of TJ in a choke hold
Totally not holding TJ right there. Nope wasn't hanging on him at all. It was just defensive hugging. ~the refs probably.
"This game is great so far, but this season especially we seem to be Jekyll and Hyde with our halves.  Hope we retain our dominance and finish them."
How great would TJ WATT be if they started calling all the holding penalties against him.
Lol just a play to get Burrows numbers up
"Don't ever disrespect this d, they come to play every time it's important."
"Pretty good first half all in all, still room for improvement though. It would be nice to get the run game figured out so we can grind them down in the 2nd half."
I wanna win Terrys money :(
Should we run up the score because fuck the Bengals.
So weird looking at the stands and seeing them so empty. Goes for any team. Fuck this virus so hard.
Haden is having himself a ballgame.
Haden has been killin it today
God damn I love Joe Haden
"Have a GAME, Haden!"
What Steeler/former Steeler hurt Jonathan Vilma so bad?
Imagine if we started calling simple runs instead of these slow developing outside zones
"We should run 2 straight plays, that's sure to fool em!"
"Is it me or is Johnathan Vilma the biggest tool? Everything is all about him and he sounds so cocky when he talks. Man, I would hate to hang out with that guy..."
Who’s ready to be super conservative and blow this game like we almost did against Philly and Tennessee?
"Run, run, pass. That’ll fool em!"
I've talked a lot of shit about berry but he's been money these last two weeks
Did Berry get laid?!? Great punt!
I'm sure glad the ad is way more important than a possible turnover in the game.
"might be a turnover

COMMERCIAL"
"There’s not enough commercials during an NFL game, gotta throw some in during it."
Power running with Conner. Who would have thought?
"Ben thinks all the WRs are 7'2"""
# Touchdown Chase Claypool!!!!
Claypool is a god damn monster...
Claypool is the greatest WR in NFL history.
"One of these days, I will learn what blue 80 means."
Now time for another TJ Sack... get him leading the NFL
WE NEED TO KEEP THIS CORP FOR YEARS IDFC
That pump fake is overpowered lol
Claypoooool. My man. Once he starts consistently catching these balls in traffic. Watch out
"Ugh they've got us right where they want us, up 22 with 4 min left in the third.  We're playing right into their hand."
"The Big Ben being a “weakness” narrative dying in a fire today, and rightfully so. The dumbest thing I’ve ever seen."
Now bens just gotta get Washington a TD
Bengals fans wishing for injuries on Ben smh
defense played shitty last week to honeypot burrow into thinking he was gonna eat this week wow tomlin really playing 4D chess
The Bengals Twitter post shitting on the terrible towel is clearly showing...teams still don’t learn the curse it carries. 🤷🏼‍♂️
This commentary’s career highlight was being drafted in the same year as Ben
No heart attacks so far. I like that
Did y'all know vilma was in the same draft class as big ben?
Washington is probably a wr2 on a lot of teams. We have the best 4 wr sets in the NFL
Fitzpatrick so close on that pick!!
"Hey, guys... I’m just posting to let you all know that Vilma was drafted in the same class as Ben. That’s a fun fact that you probably haven’t heard today."
Is it just me or is this game D R A G G I N G
"'What are they talking trash about?'

Been asking myself that about the Bengals' fans all week."
It’s 7 o’clock and there’s still another fucking quarter to go
Games like this make me remember how much I wish Ben could run
"“Fuck drafting a receiver in the 1st round.”

-The Pittsburgh Steelers organization"
Surely Ben will connect with Claypool on one of those sideline passes eventually
Holy shit stop talking about the Saints
Is that coach Randy with the mask up to his eyebrows lol?
Juju is hard to tackle
[deleted]
Jordan Berry is a fucking punter today
"Holy shit, when did Berry become good??"
If only a 1 yard run was something we could manage
my god that's huge lol
Berry on the Boswell redemption arc.
RAY! RAY!
Almost reindeer time boys!
COME ON RAY RAY
McCloud is the PR we’ve been waiting a decade for.
Jeez man Ray Ray is long overdue for a TD
god i hope we can give Juju the money he wants
"If Ray Ray isn’t an all-pro this year, we riot."
Can we pull starters at this point? I don’t want people to get hurt
Who dey? The guys getting their asses kicked.
The bengals really thought they could win lmao
4 TD lead. Time to call off the dogs and see what Mason Rudolph has. We’ll see if Benny Snell football can close too
We’ve put up 36 points and we can’t run the ball worth a damn. This is some Kansas City shit lol.
Juju made some fucking plays today. Nothing super flashy in the stats but he made several first downs and a TD of course.
"Ray Ray Facts.  He was a star Running back in high school. 

He can throw the ball 60 yards in case we ever want to use him for a trick play."
Something’s not right.. there’s 10 minutes left in the 4th and I’m not sat up straight and shaking like a mentalist.
"""Footballs only fun when you win"" 

Ain't that the truth buddy, having the time of my life this year."
Ben is done.  At least the Rudolph flashback to 2019 will not be as painful watching him be a starter.  As a backup... I'm fine wit dat.
What we learned today is that the ravens will always be a tough game. But we’ll always put the browns and bengals in their place
Prediction: Mason will throw a 55 yard touchdown to claypool
SPILLAINED!!
Why r y’all so butt hurt over the announcers every week. Goddamn. They get excited when football plays happen... relax
They should of took Burrow out the game was over now he is more hurt good job guys.
Welcome to the AFC North Joe
Soooo they punt faked to get their QB to injure his ankle more ??? Uh ok
FYI TJ houzyourmama tweeted the terrible towel shoe shine today. When will they learn
[deleted]
Man if we can just get this offense going. This defense is SO fucking good
[deleted]
Maybe offense will wake the hell up now. Should have at least 20 points by now
"Steelers: score

Fox: here’s how burrow is best."
Ben looked great today no lie
"The ""Fire Tomlin"" crowd sure is quiet this year."
"What is this weird feeling? No chest pain, tachycardia, anger? This is weird. Good job boys. WHO DEY!?"
"Fans of other teams dream about winning seasons and playoff appearances. 

I just want an offensive unit that doesn't start slow 15 games out of 16."
Whelp. Turnover wasted because Fichtner’s stupid calls put us in 2nd and 16.
Break out the nitroglycerin.
We need to establish a good run game and not resort to 5-wide on every play.  Hopefully having Watt back will help.
"Good Morning. I have to work at our off site storage today. My company doesn’t allow people to work by themselves so I need to support my colleague while she is on the forklift. 

I will be watching the game cold sober, by myself, in a weird warehouse office, next to a mulch factory."
Carson Wentz is fucking trash
Imagine being a fan of any other team. Here we go.
Lfmaooo Conner is so slow 😭
Cmon Conner. Just run straight and don’t hesitate
Conner just run the fucking ball stop tip toeing
Unable to convert hopefully the wind won’t mess with the fg
Gotta crank the motor on offense
WIZARD OF BOZ
"It’s ok guys, once we start losing backyard Ben will start playcalling"
Why was that a touchback and not a safety
Shouldn't that be a safety?
That was def a safety
Why is that not a saftey
Ball fielded outside the endzone fumbled back into the end zone recovered and tackled. What's going on here?
Why wasn't that a safety?
come on lets murder this rookie.
praise the legend joseph haden
"i want to see big play ray ray take it all the way!  EDIT: at some point, apparently im a few seconds behind lol"
Our running is piss poor
Running on 1st and 20 makes me want to punch a wall
Run blocking is not a strength of this offensive line
Yikes Conner
Conner does not have outside speed
"Quite honestly I think Dotson has been playing better than DeCastro this year, specifically on run blocking."
Damn DJ just catch the ball
This game could end 3-0
Maybe next possession the offense will wake up.
Steelers and slow starts. Name a better duo
Settle down boys. This wind is atrocious. The ball is gonna be going all over. It’s hard to catch when the ball is moving around.
Yeah that was very obvious claypool 😂
Man I wish we signed bell for that minimum deal like KC did
Ben’s “blocking attempt” lol
Decastro and Okorafor just parted the Red Sea
"Lol give Ben a break guys, he’s on two bad knees"
Now THIS is NFL level playcalling
No injuries :/
Why take a commercial break when he is literally jogging off the field?
Ben to Enron 0-4
"Swear to god, they fucking know that us fans will always get stressed the fuck out over seeing the slightest bump to bens elbow."
"Thanks for putting that voodoo on Boswell, ya bastard."
“Mason Rudolph has played football before”
Why do we keep wasting 3rd and 5 by overthrowing deep?
Announcers really trying to jinx Boz. “He’s never missed a kick against Cincinnati”. “He’s made 22 straight field goals”
"""Joe Burrow wants to move the ball, and wants to win games""

Wow"
I don’t want to know about Joe’s open relationship.
Perfect throw by Ben
#TOUCHDOWN!
LETS GOOOOO
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN BEN CALLS THE PLAYS
Come on Chase. Be ok.
"That was a good catch by Johnson, focus had to be on 100 to make that. Ball was right there"
He got the wind knocked out of him. Hopefully.
The ground made a needed adjustment on his elbow
Chase no!!! Please be okay!
That was some drive! If Ben can connect that deep ball this offense can do so much more.
"Dionte, Chase, and JuJu are just incredible to watch."
I think he took the pylon to the jewels
Think he got the wind knocked out
"The wind has pissed Ben off and now he’s going off. 
Great fucking drive boys."
This game won't be over until midnight
Lol that looked like me in Madden
">Injury Report: No. 21 Mackensie Alexander has been taken into the locker room to be evaluated for a possible concussion. His return is questionable

looks like they will be playing with 2 CBs the rest of the game"
Ball!  Ball!
"Pitt had Aaron Donald, JC, and Boyd (they both played big time as freshman) in 2013 and won only 7 games.

That program is cursed."
"""Kicked themselves in the foot."""
"I will give the Bungles a bit of credit here...they are doing pretty well against the pass rush. Burrow, I don’t think,has been hit once...yet..."
"Connors vison is his biggest downfall, he just can't seem to find that hole"
Missing Vance hardcore rn 😭
4 WR set on 3rd and 2.  I guess our own coaches don't trust our run game.... it's that bad.
That’s like 15 knockdowns this season for Ben.
WIDEEEEEEEEEEEE OPEN
Well that wasn't really fucking cool of our secondary...
Why tf is TJ playing in coverage
THATS A PICK PLAY
Well....fuck....
I hate knowing exactly what's coming and watching the defense get roasted by it. We always get owned by these rub routes
How is that not a pick?
Also the non play by play announcer is annoying af
Burrows > Mayfield
Pass rush gotta get home.
"Watching on delay: these announcers are trash. Can anyone explain why the muffed kickoff was NOT a safety? Hit him in the field of play, then recoct in the endzone and forced out of bounds.... Announcers didn't even bring it up"
Fox sports. Please stop showing me this picture of what Ben Roethlisberger would look like in the Take On Me music video. I hate it.
Announcers always give randy props. I really think his play calling is terrible.
"Juju, you have redeemed yourself"
Way to make up for it Juju
#JUJU!
"""There we go"" totally unbiased commentators"
Claypool. Good to see he’s ok.  That’s our first 3rd down conversion.
"I like Colin Cowherd (I know, sue me), but I giggle to myself whenever he points out ""Ya know, I think Ben is the weak spot on the Steelers roster!"" He's done it like three times over the past month."
This taco bell commercial is messed up because taco bell has literally annihilated everything good from their menu
"Throw it to Mama bear, JuJu!

You love to see that."
"Being in England, this game is gonna fuck my sleep up"
Burrow is gonna be a damn good QB
The sack streak is alive and cooking
"watt hasn't done the high kick in a minute, he must be excited about that one."
I do believe that it’s Dionte Johnson’s week. You just can’t cover them all...good problem to have.
James Conner looks really bad today. Running to the side and backwards.
"Conner struggling today


Keep those legs churning young money


He'll break free"
"PUT WATT IN AND RUN IT DOWN THEIR THROAT GODDAMMIT


Stretch is not working, bring Derek Watt in and go up the middle"
Dionte hit them with that Okie Doke.
james Conner going laterally makes me want to gouge my eyes out
"It’s not even on Conner it’s these shitty outside run playcalls with a back who isn’t fast. Not to mention that side of the line got blown back before he could get around the edge. Get under the ball, put watt in a run that shit NORTH!!!! Stop with the East/west calls"
I honestly don’t think it’s Connor’s fault. The o-line is not helping him at all
All I want for Christmasssssss is a new OC
Retire outside zone and sweep and don’t let it appear until next season.
Instant flag thrown... 'no flag on the play'... the fuck did they think was wrong?
Why is Boswell such a chad
Tj watt literally getting fucking choked..
Ahh yes let's zoom in on the headlock Watt had been in all season
TJ WATT IS MY DAD
TJ WATTTT!
TJ I'm happy you got the sack but maybe don't dance when they're about to spike it and catch you off sides. Too close
"I hope Watt whispered in his ear 'the rest of your career baby, you and me' when they were on the ground together."
"Lol Mondeaux has a VIBE. That hair and that little mustache, with the pretty flower sleeve 🌸"
"Mondo ate that double, well done to allow tj up the middle"
game breaking play there if they can hold them off here
Please don’t let them get points
Credit to Mondeaux on that play
Bungals rolling over and showing their belly early. I was expecting a closer game.
Big stop by the defense
"Strong half. 

Defense stellar outside of a busted play, offense woke up. Looking like a great overall team right now"
"Wow.

A first half without any cardiac problems.  We should do this more often!"
"Game ball for Haden, unless disaster strikes."
Haden looks like he can play at this level another 3-5 years
HADEN CAME TO PLAY TODAY. THANK YOU REFS FOR LETTING THEM PLAY.
That's such great coverage by Haden.
Joe Haden is in rare form tonight
"I knew when Devin Bush got hurt our run D would feel it. It took time, but you can see it now."
Haden looks 4 years younger on the field today
Conner needs to be put in timeout for a few plays
Conner's definitely getting cut next year.
Wow. Our running game is SO BAD
Steelers have no running game. None zilch
"The good ole “run, run, pass, punt”"
The classic Run Run Pass
A fairy dies every time the Steelers run on 2nd and 10
looks like giving Berry a few weeks vacation lit the fire under his ass lmaoooo let’s go man
Incase you missed it James Conner had 2 ineffective runs stalling our drive again
No way that's actually Berry.
LOL come on dude you gotta call fair catch on that when the hounds have been released
Can someone tell me how the hell we can run the ball against good D-lines like the Giants and Eagles but suck against the 31st and 32nd ranked run defenses in the league?
Would really like Williamson get some run today. Not sure why he hasn't seen more action to this point.
Wait. Runs can go for MORE than 1 yard? Pretty sure thats illegal
Do the Steelers still do play action on offense?
"Watt will never get a call, might as well just hold the fuck out of him"
How the fuck does this broadcast team not show one angle of the play before commercial
ehhh he kicked up grass lol he's in
Fumble. Let’s hear from Lowesw
That ten yard opposite hash mark out route throw  is exactly why Ben is a franchise QB
That 11 yard run felt like a 30 yarder. lol
Ben is just playing Madden.
nearly doubled our run yardage with an 11 yard play lol
No QB has a better pump fake than our very own Ben Roethlisberger
Ben broke that dudes ankles with the pump
Ben’s gonna be like “can I just stay at home every week?”
"he literally pumped their linebacker to the ground lmao his pump fakes are always so good, and it was to see some more of it this drive. I love when he gets the camera man, too"
I hope we hang 40+ on them
We running up the score i guess
"STOP THE COUNT!
-bengals fan probably"
I can’t believe we’re still in the third quarter
just peeked in the Bungles sub and their fans are seriously blaming this embarrassment on the refs. Is there a dumber fan base in the NFL?
Is that the 4th or 5th time they had to coddle Vilma and his draft class next to Ben?
"AJ Green, did not know he was playing"
Can we get Benny Snell in. Rest up James
"Bungle fans hoping Ben gets his knee wrecked. What a sad and pathetic team, city, and fan base"
our receivers keep getting separation but he just can't hit em. breaks my heart
See flair
"""If I lick my fingies maybe I do better.""

- J. Burrow"
Should we pick up Ohio States quarterback this year
How does tj watt never get these holding calls bro. I’m so tired of watching him get mugged
"If we score, even if its just a FG, I'd say take Ben out"
Bad adjustment there Chase.. that is one you should have had
"Randy... that play was read so fucking hard... stop trying to outsmart people, YOU ARE NOT SMARTER THAN OTHERS"
Berry has been great since coming back.
**Ray Ray** **McCloud**.   He’s GOOD.
"Juju is really doing a great job of channeling Ward.  Get ball, move forward at all cost.  When not a target, what blocking or contribution can I do to help someone else."
"We fucking hate the Browns and the Bengals, don't we? The only games that we trully dominate"
I didn’t start Chase Claypool in fantasy. AMA.
Can we pls sit Ben now?
"There we go, now Mason can go in. Pull as many receivers as possible too. Don't need to be creating any new ABs today."
ok i think its time to sit ben. for safety
I hope the coaching staff realizes that we are a pass first team by now. Any success we've had on the ground recently has been set up by gashing opponents in the passing game
Someone please send me the video of Juju and Ebron dancing
I want Mason to throw 2 touch downs just because.
Nice tackle Ray Ray at least
Well... guess we had that coming.  Bengals can practice things too
Cinci looking to get that touchdown that's worth 30 points.
Bungals. Stop trying. Youre down 29. Just take it.
Why waste a fake play when you've already lost
This Jonathan guy has a large boner for the Bengals.
Oh my god bengals you're just going to get your new franchise QB murdered
Alright put Rudolph in the game lol. Don’t need Ben taking unnecessary shots
Why do we have TJ in there? For stat padding?
"Yo im happy we are winning, but seeing Burrow hurt sucks"
Bengals are fucking up their qb the same way the colts did.
Bengals still the Bengals.
Who Dey?
"Holy shit, D Hop"
That cards game though
He got off the field fine. So hopefully dude is okay. You hate to see someone get rolled on like that. Always scares me.
"time for benny snell football

here we go baby"
Can Mason throw 18 yards?
This Snell guy is pretty good...
Washington Football Team’s Super Bowl is on 12/6.
Why not let Rudy try to make something happen? The guy needs some confidence and this is the game to get him some.
First game in a long time that I haven't had incredible stress or crushing chest pains. Gg. Especially Haden. Hope he stays on fire.
Lol everyone’s blaming the defense like they didn’t force 3 straight 3 and outs and a turnover. This is on the offense.
"The Bengals subreddit worrying about dirty hits from us, as if they aren’t fans of the team that continued to employ Vontaze Burfict, the dirtiest NFL player of our time, after he single-handedly lost them the wild card game that was their 7th consecutive playoff loss.

Mind blown."
Still think that was a saftey
"Any rules experts know why that wasn't a safety? NFL.com says it is a safety:  

>when an impetus by a team sends the ball behind its own goal line, and the ball is dead in the end zone in its possession or the ball is out of bounds behind the goal line."
Derek watt is back in now. It’s no excuse for these damn shotgun runs now. Give Conner a FB to run behind
Haden looking good so far
Let’s give it to Conner so he can try to find bengal defenders and run into them.
"Juju still real good.


Still want juju.


But also: dam, diante making some big plays this season"
🅱️U🅱️U 🅱️mith-🅱️chuster
3rd and 15.  Better throw a 2 yard pass.
Idk about you guys but I’m terrified of the 1-8 Jags next week
Hopefully Burrow is okay
Piss poor run play ruined the drive.
"lol @ bengals sub all crying and calling Ben the r word, I just couldn’t imagine talking that much shit if my team hadn’t won a playoff game in 30 years"
Let’s go joe Haden
So glad we picked up Haden.
Classic pick play. Never penalized.
"Can't touch the crossbar on a td celebration, where's the penalty refs?"
JuJu is WR1
Weathers going to be nuts for this game. I’m hype.
Are they going to make us watch the end of this windy nightmare in Cleveland or is the game going to be aired on time?
I know we joke about heart attacks but my sister is an avid runner. During the baltimore game her apple watch said her heart rate hit 200 bpm lol
"Couple passes to start the game, just like the opposite of what everybody guaranteed would happen."
Love me some Johnson early in the game.
"That damn wind, he had him beat too"
What’re the stats of attempts/ completions of ben’s deep ball this season?
Wind carried it.
Ben hasn’t completed a long pass like that all season. Stop doing them on 3rd down ffs
Benny Snell Football
LETS GOOOO ULTIMATE FOURTH DOWN PLAY
That punt counts as a long pass. This is still the same drive.
LOL no need to make first downs if you can force a turnover on a punt
Run Run Pass?
"Fuck it, go for it"
"Could've zoomed the camera out on the FG there, Fox."
Obligatory Boswell fucks comment
Zoom more please
Does anyone know how windy it is?
"Great kick, especially considering the wind."
Welp already annoyed with Fichtner again
People worrying about the offense now probably shouldn’t. Game today will probably be mostly defensive with the wind and we are much better equipped to pivot to the run.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
*ball rolls away sadly*
My man was so confused
Lmao wtf just happened
They are losing their minds in the Bengals sub game thread about special teams and it is a lot of fun to watch lol
Can someone explain how that isnt a safety.
Bungles gonna bungle
Why was that not a safety? Is that a rule I’m not aware of?
How is that not a safety?
You can tell it’s windy because of the way it is
How are they not even gonna show a replay of that?
"They should give the head refs Daft Punk helmets on windy days like this, so they can call penalties"
That’s the kind of defense we need to keep running passing downs. Press man and let our D line eat
"Now here's a team who can't play football, Jim"
"I'm not trying to hate on Randy but man it'd be nice to have an OC that can call some explosive plays, instead of nickel and diming our way to a 4th down"
"Bengals are 29th ranked run defense, come on Steelers let’s get it going"
It’ll be nice to have a real running game again someday
Our offense is seriously buns
Offense has started like 2 games well this year.
What the hell kinda run was that?
DJ just broke his own ankles and got in the fetal position ☠
This run game needs some serious help man
Catch that Johnson. The Steelers needed that and so did my fantasy team
"Offense struggling early, defense doing their job, no surprises.  Have my beer in one hand and my blood pressure tester standing by.  Go Steeler football!"
"If Diontae didn’t have stone hands, dude would be one of the best receivers in football...Well too bad because he does have stone hands."
"Ben we need you at QB, you cannot be lead blocker too."
That snap was yikes
"Run down the clock offense, let the defense rest up some so they aren’t gassed"
"Just keep going North South with Connor... legit, its working... he has never been great at designed east west runs... Use Edmonds for those, or Claypool on that jet sweep design."
I wonder how much of the elbow rubbing is soreness or Ben just worried about it.
"Bro just get the damn first down, Jesus"
Every week its something
[deleted]
"I think the announcer just jinxed Boswell for later in the game, fuck."
Putting Rudolph in would be a sure-fire way to lose this game
Gonna hit the Bengals with that classic 2017 Chiefs field goal only defeat.
Do we just not use the middle of the field?
I just don’t get this playcall at all. it’s not fluid or dangerous AT ALL.
Are the Bengals even trying?
What about that deep ball
is that the first deep pass that ben has made this year lmao
WE CONNECTED ON A DEEP BALL GUYS
Who said Ben's deep ball was gone? Who said it?
Strong pass on the wind with DJ
LETS GOO DEONTAE
But. But. But muh elbow
What a drive 🔥🔥🔥
DJ caught a pass AND Ben completed a deep ball
Fuck the wind apparently
LETS GOOOO
Kick the XP
Chase my baby boy! Nooo
"I'm getting sick by the way of them making a big deal every single time Ben touches his elbow. It happens every game where they point something about, and it's always nothing."
"I am enjoying this game

edit: well shit as soon as I say Chase is shaken up

FUCK"
Did he catch the pylon to the nads?
how the turn tables with DJ
Remember 6 minutes ago when bens elbow was done? Lmao
I hope Claypool is okay
YESSSSS
Cam Sutton a fucking animal
Let’s go Sutton way to bounce back.
Ugh. Can we put a FB and just run forward??
Sutton is based
I love strippers!
"Did Vilma just say ""kicked themselves in the foot""??..how exactly do you do that??"
lol they kicked themselves in the foot
I was talking shit on Sutton for what seemed like a weird tackle but he shut me the FUCK up quick
"Bro, they have to put Watt in at fullback, wtf did you bring in him for if you’re not going to use him. "
how about give snell a chance at a zone run for once instead of running out Conner to do the same shit over and over or send either of them on hb dives right into the line lol
I don't sweat when the play breaks down I get EXCITED
Imagine if this team had a run game
12 points with 6 drives with great field position. We should be up at least 3 possessions. Without those turnovers we're probably sitting on 0 points.
No points off turnover there. Brutal.
We still need a sack
Thank god for Minkahs speed.
I have no idea why we're content to sit back and rush 4. Their OL is terrible and their QB is young. Force him to speed up his process.
At least Fitzpatrick was able to catch him
How do you get hit by those 3 guys and not spontaneously explode
"alright ben, get us some points"
What happened to the pass rush?
NEVER BE FLAT
Textbook pick but okay
Literally no point of taking the ball out of the end zone. You’ll hardly ever reach the 25
"Vilma: “he’s big and tall so his ball’s don’t get batted down”

Are you commentating the same game we’re watching?"
JuJu's first drop of the year
Stop stopping my heart Steelers!
There ya go Juju
GOOD SHIT JUJU
JUJU GREAT CATCH
JuJu showing up big time.
JuJU standing there waving his hands WIDE OPEN
Vilma is literally cheering after bengals defensive stops can we replace this guy with a can of soup or something
Did Claypool call him a bitch?? Lmao
Hell of a throw by Big Ben let’s go!!!!
Great drive Ben
Ebron mean mugging the fuck out of him in that replay.
TD JUJU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JUJUUUUUUUUU
Always Juju. Always.
Great fucking throw
YES JUJU!!!!!
Wow Ben looked sacked great play
fuckin classic ben dive into the jaws of the beast to take it down lmao
Outstanding from Ben
Vilma hating more than this thread in the first quarter
That juju celebration was so wholesome. I love that guy.
Ima need to see a sack here soon.
Pretty sure that was jujus family
Time for a sack
i feel like there’s gonna be a fight at some point during this game
Finally a sack!
If our sack streak ends against the fucking Bungles I’ll be very sad LOL.
Did we forget they call us blitzburg? Light this dude up.
TeeeeeeeJayyyyyyy
"TJ Watt is gonna get your ass. It's inevitable, just accept it"
Watt weclomes Burrow to the AFC North properly.
TJ WATT!!!!!
Lol this color guy saying the top teams I. The afc north run first. Has he seen a single one of our games?
Bearded Ben is my favorite Ben.
"That stat was like:


Wayne gretzky and his brother have more NHL points than any other family"
Did you guys know this is our best start in franchise history?
Big Ben making sure all the rookies in the AFC North can answer who their daddy is and what does he do.
Lmfaooo Ben is torching these guys.
I really like Diontae Johnson
god we can’t run the ball
JC needs the day off lol
Connor is really not having a great game
If I were to try to tackle Dionte I would have two compound fractures at my ankles.
"These runs just don’t work. Flush that part of the playbook down the toilet, please."
Who the fuck is calling these run plays ??? My god ...
Connor needs to start cutting those up inside
Just abandon the run. This secondary is doodoo.
Don't run the ball ever again lol
Lets just keep going 5-wide all game and keep Ben SLINGIN
ENOUGH WITH THESE SHOTGUN RUNS. FOR FUCKS SAKE
I can't believe Diontae hasn't broken 100 yards befire
Once again... stop calling east west designs for Connor... that is not his strength.  He is a north south workhorse and that field is fucking slick from rain today.
"Alright, who put that stick of butter on the field? Not cool"
"Man, this run game is legitimately embarrassing. Not even trying anything new either, just the same stretch zone runs that lose 4-5 yards almost like clockwork."
Leveon in his prime was something else conners not even close
Conner going to have 100 yard game...Sideways
Why do we keep running outside for a loss.
"Anyone else just see Ben say ""I knew that was gonna happen"" after that run play lol"
Connor is not an outside runner please stop scheming him like this Randy ffs
Bengals defense is hot garbage.
Looking forward to more McFarland when he gets healthy.
we just hate first downs don’t we
"We need to find a solution to the running game, Connor running to the outside is just not cutting it. Run up the middle or try giving someone else the ball"
BOSGOD 🙏
Berry showing some pro bowl talent with those FG holds.
Those suspenders are the real MVP
"The return of BosGod, 5th most accurate FG kicker of all time"
Villanueva is a massive human being.
yep.....play that prevent and let this plug pad his stats
"Nfl rule book: in order to call holding on TJ Watt, he must be held 13 times before a flag can be thrown."
TJ just took them out of field goal range
Arm around the neck holding the collar isn't a hold?
"""hold deez nuts"" -TJ Watt"
I love how the replay shows a hold on TJ
TJ WATT DPOY
TJ just MAULED that rookie.
HOT DAMN... gorgeous stunt play there TJ
The Dline woke up
Great half of football boys.
Fuck the bungles :)
Has Avery played at all?
God that NFL clothing in the commerical looks cheesy
Haden is having a great game
Haden having a monster game
Did Vilma just say Ben's top receiver today was Antonio Brown?
Plz put snell in
Imagine if we go up 30-7 here 🍆💦
Run is just not working it seems
Our “run game” is making me depressed
"Ben's been killing it, throw the damn ball."
3 and out
fuckin randy man lmao
I can’t watch James Conner run the ball any longer for FUCKS SAKE
Back to back weeks against bottom feeder DL’s. Nothing. Sigh
C'mon get back to being aggressive... Letting off the gas is how we get burned
cant advance far in the playoffs if you are one dimensional even against the worst of run defenses
It's like we just waste every other drive with shit playcalling
"Ok, I've been shitting on you for years, but that was a great punt Berry."
FUCKING AMAZING PUNT
Maybe Berry taking a couple weeks off was all he needed
THERE YOU GO
"Don't see punt returners get slaughtered much anymore, but when they do..."
Maybe Berry just needed some competition to get it together.
"James Conner runs:

5,
1,
7,
1,
16,
-6,
-5,
1,
1"
"Everyone knows that when the Steelers are playing, the definition of a catch becomes very fluid."
Can this broadcast crew be fired
Yeah let's play an ad now...
Running game is absolutely awful.
The Claypool jet sweep is becoming predictable.
Kyler Murry > Lamar Jackson
Ben is calling the plays !
Big Ebron fan
Lol this should be a 500 yard game by Ben but Randy HAS to run the ball
This offensive line has sucked for what feels like weeks now. I mean why else are we having to throw it 98% of the time?
JuJu is WR #1.....
Conner making positive yards?!
Steelers now entering the Heinz Red Zone
"Wait wait wait. SO YOU ARE TELLING ME WHEN WE PASS A SHIT TON AND MAKE THE DEFENSE GUESS, OUR RUNNING GAME WILL OPEN UP?!?! IM SHOCKED RANDY"
Oh jeez look what happens when you let Conner run down field.
Perfect pass
The steelers need to forget how to dance. And remember how to love
holy hell that's a nice in traffic catch right there
Guys. Are we good??
Is this enough of a lead for the Chicken Littles to calm the hell down?
Lasered that bitch right into to quadruple coverage to find Claypool.
"Ben spreading the love. Juju, Johnson, & Claypool all having a good day for us fantasy owners/Steelers fans lol"
Mapletron sends his regards cinci
Ben gonna request to not have practice anymore
"Expected a tighter game, but glad I was wrong

## 9 - 🙂"
Ben better start getting at least mentioned in the MVP conversation.
Minkah almost had that
Burrows looking shaky
Ben running the offense is all we need based off that last drive. What tf is the point of Randy and his shit calls?
r/nfl is in shambles seeing there king Joe Burrow play like shit.
Still in the 3rd...!
"Look at TJ Watt.  Look at him

*B R E A T H E*"
Is it me or is this the longest game ever?
Ben is having all day to throw
If Mason comes in...I won’t pout
Can this guy shut the fuck up about his past and talk about the game?
Dammit Ben you had him
The Bengals are a bunch of dickheads not matter their record lmaoo
Bince’s hit was pure AFC North football there
That dude almost got deleted from existence.
that hit did not sound pleasant.
It’s insane how Sutton isn’t even our best slot corner
Ben absolutely should win comeback player of the year so far
somebody gonna get hurt going for these balls Ben come on keep it tight.
Blowout trivia: Dwayne Woodruff was the only active NFL player who was also a practicing attorney.
Claypool with a hammy issue...
"I love having a really tough receiver again. JuJu really reminds me of Hines Ward sometimes, and he blocks really well like Hines did too. I hope we can find a way to sign him."
ugh lmao
Smh can’t even run the ball on 3rd and 1
We're so bad at the run we need to pass on 3rd and 1?
Vilma sounds like me on madden lol
Berry is having a great game
"We're talking about sitting guys to save from injury.

Meanwhile... Bengals thread is bemoaning the announcers for acting like the game is over"
Everyone in this sub is bipolar lmao. Furious when we run the ball and malding when we pass
"It's finally the 4th quarter, boys and girls!"
I’m one Steelers score from not being able to see the end of this game.
Goddamn ray ray is SLIPPPYYYY
God damn it he’s always so close
McCloud is so fucking good
WOW that return... boy he makes me hate Switzer so much
he's so fuckin explosive it's wild when he just decided to go he's at top speed almost instantly.
McCloud got a big dick.
we luv to shit on division opponents that are orange and start with “B”
Ben's not going out until he gets his 4th quarter TD.
"when you're thankful for getting a three yard run, that's a bad sign for your running game lmao"
"GG guys, have a good night."
Do yourself a favor and go to the bungles sub and read the thread. The tears are flowing. Don’t be an asshole though.
Ben throwing it 50 times in a game is insane.
I love not having heart attacks on Sundays
"The way he's throwing a ball to everyone this season.

Banner 100% would have gotten a catch"
4 TDs today for the Benster.
chase is just a touchdown machine lol
Remember when people were saying Ben was holding us back? Lol
OKAY CAPTAIN FAT FUCK HANG 4 ON THEY HEAD
Ok now the game Is officially out of reach time to pull the starters
Time to bring in red nose?
Rudolph incoming
This Claypool guy is fucking amazing. I love him
"Defense with the great stop. Mcloud with the huge return. Juju with the tough third and 7. Claypool with the TD.

Like clockwork."
9-0 > Heisman QBs in AFCn.
Okay Juju and Ebron stuntin on em 😭
"Ray Ray is a serious weapon in the kicking game. He can be a game changer in the playoffs, and he seems to get better as the season goes along."
Undefeated against Heisman winners this year.
"I mean, I’m not happy bout that lol"
Lmfao that steeler running the opposite way.
Imagine if Devin Bush was healthy. Spillane has been incredible but Bush is obviously an incredible player.
Bungles 0/12 on 3rd down rn
I mean good job on the Bengals for not just giving up completely I guess
Defense just wanted more sacks! 😂
Uh oh... we broke Burrow.
That was Alulu’s sack
Spillane for President at this point lol. This dude is awesome.
Jeez TJ landing on another ankle
When a meaningless field goal after a fake punt fucks up your parlay
Deandre Hopkins is a god
Nuk is a fucking amazing Receiver
Bill O’Brien in shambles watching the end of that Cardinals game from the couch
"See ya next week, Ben. Thanks for a good game."
Nice run by Snell
Makes me wonder if we could’ve had a good run game the whole time if they used Snell more
Int pretty sure Burrow already felt this loss lol
Hopkins is not human
"Well, we secured a winning record! Lets make it 16-0!"
Grande Benjamin
The Steelers haven’t played a good team /s
"Here we go. Here we go. Here we go, Steelers, here we go! Pittsburgh's going to the Super Bowl!"
There is too much negativity
Can we just all agree CBS has better production than FOX?
How was that not a safety on our kickoff after we scored the FG?!?!? The ball hit the returner In the field of play then the ball went in the end zone & he got tackled in the End zone. How is that not a safety?!?!?
Wtf is this run offense? Looks like they never played before with each other.
Are we going to win 3-0?
McCloud rides the wind!
Don’t forget guys Ben hurt his elbow last year so if he touches it it probably means he’s hurt
How the fuck do you not know Burger King has breakfast?  It's not like they just added it.
"Ok allalau has helped out the run d, but let's be real. Bush was the key I think."
Honest question. Is there an offense as conservative as the Steelers when we have a lead? Like we look like a bunch of pussies and it’s so fucking annoying.
I think I’d give Ben the 4th quarter off. Let the old man rest.
"Even though it’s not exactly connecting right now, I’m glad to see Ben throwing deep."
"snell just FEELS like he's faster. like instead of Conner who looks like an 82, snell is like an 88 or something. enough to make some progress."
"This is Ben’s flu game, shame to waste it on the Bengals"
Might be time to move on from Conner
Wtf is conner doing?
Haden has really become a quintessential Steeler. Love that guy.
Ben’s so slow lmaooo
Playing with backup fucking CBs and Ben has been killing them.. STOP CALLING FUCKING RUN PLAYS RANDY. IDGAF IF WE PASS EVERY DOWN. IF IT WORKS DONT FUCKING STOP.
"There was one blown coverage that drive. I'm not worried, just a fluke."
FINE HIS ASS!! DISGUSTING BEHAVIOR FROM THE BENGALS IN OUR HOUSE!! /s
Walmart showing us how they are profiting from people being stuck at home. Ah the holidays.
Aaaand the Conner special 🙄
Okay can we stop complaining now? We are up two scores at halftime against a division rival in an NFL game.
Just took a glance at the r/Bengals and holy hell there is nothing but cancer and herpes over there.
Y’all want to know why teams always come back against us? It’s because we play so fucking conservative when we have a lead and give it right back to the opponents offense. We HAVE to be more aggressive when we have a lead or we are going to blow one when it matters most.
"Damn I missed the Big Ben pump fake. Hasn’t used it a bunch lately, but it’s still the best in football"
I actually really like Burrow. I hope he can continue to grow and so does our rivalry.
Prayers up to Burrow. I really like the dude.
Hopefully burrow is okay...
Steelers have 1 less win than the NFC East
"The Panthers definitely aren't gonna come back, but they just sacked Brady on 3rd down and any time Brady gets sacked it's a time for celebration"
Anyone at the stadium can tell me how the weather/ wind is? Forecast didn’t look too good
"Ok, I've got about 45 minutes of normal heart rate left before the game. time to pre-pour the victory / misery shots"
My heart is not ready yet.
"Come on Duquesne Light, let's get the power back on in time for kickoff."
"My Sunday ticket feed is music , anyone else’s?"
"As is tradition... Polamalu jersey on, Minkah jersey on the wall. Renegade blasting. LFG"
No other fan base I would rather be stressed with than y’all. Lets fucking destroy the Bungles today
"Dude, can someone give me a solid stream for this game? Crackstreams has fucking ice skating on. I'm about to pop off right now."
I’m just thankful we don’t have to hear Joe Buck. I was expecting him to be commentating.
Two afc teams on a fox broadcast is weird
Here we go! Expecting a tough game. Cincy has been competitive.
Ok there we go!
Hopefully Vilma is better than he was during Eagles game
"Steelers will receive to open the game 

HERE WE GOOOOO"
Don’t be a trap game. I beg you. LFG
"I think the high winds might actually help us today given that the Bengals strength is through the air, and they still don’t have Mixon back from injury yet."
Another week another heart attack let's go😎
I've got the defib on hand.  LFG
Lets go man please win big for once
Good screen
How bout not throwing lobs in strong winds
“Really quiet crowd right now” fucking idiot
Clutch ST play!!!!
Wind stole that one
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
JORDAN FUCKIN BERRY GOT IN THE PILE FOR A SECOND THERE
We meant to do that - it was just a special play
Conner does better when he doesn’t pull a Lev Bell. Stop hesitating so much my dude
No mans land is gonna be deeper this game.  We need to be efficient on offense.
The wind is not fun. . .
Are these plays scripted?
"Nice camera work, jagoffs"
It looks so fucking windy
"Offense needs to tighten up, but turnover converted to points is what we love to see"
Anyone get the idea that Vilma doesn’t care for the Steelers?
"Honestly I thought the playcalling was good, that's mostly on Ben and the blocking"
Why is this on fox?
Connor has looked like he’s overthinking things mid-play for a few weeks now. Keeps hesitating instead of committing to a hole
At least the hail stopped for the game
Lol the bungles
DROP IT AGAIN
Safety?!?
jesus lmao ball blown off the tee is hilarious
"Well oiled machine, these Bengal special teams."
I don't like the FOX announcers
I think the wind might be a factor today
That touched him out of the endzone right?
I feel like the bengals should have -3 points after that
man cant even hear the refs lol
So holding against the Steelers D is now not a penalty anymore
Ok 3 and out defense nice
"This game is going to be as slow as that browns game, I can feel it"
Brooks and Allen out there on that 3rd down play
wow the bengals really suck
Fine him!
Please score 7 now. Playing with a solid lead in this condition would be huge.
Man I miss having a running game.
Outside run to start it off. I am SHOCKED I tell you
why cant we run the football
Sub Conner out.
Inverse holding?
Put Mcfarland in
another drop for DJ
I miss Heath miller
fox is fucking trash. I wish every game was on cbs.
Just glad we didn’t turn the ball over there. This games going to be like 13-7 and wouldn’t be surprised if a pick 6 or special teams play decides it
Anyone else surprised to see Brooks getting so much playing time?
I ❤️ Ray Ray
Fox McCloud is gonna go all the way with one of these returns soon. You can just feel it in the G-Diffuser.
I really hope they can resign mccloud for cheap because I really love how he plays. I know he had issues holding onto the ball everywhere before us but he's looked super solid and reliable so far. that was 100% dead with a fair catch with Switzer but Ray Ray got a good return out of it anyway.
please put the ball in the hands of someone explosive for the love of God.
ben with the business decision block
Ben got tired
Ben really just stopped in place.
Ben with the read option
That last play made me giggle like a school girl.
Conner built different
Ben sure can't run like he use to.
Don’t the Bengals only have like 3 available CBs this game?
BEN ILL GIVE YOU MY ELBOW
Not that right elbow.  Why do all my hopes and dreams lie on an elbow?
I can’t stand these commentators bringing up Bens elbow every goddamn week.
Boz mvp!!
"Bosgod fears no wind factor


Bosgod works in mysterious ways"
Slow start was expected after a week with shitty circumstances.
I'm pretty sure wincing is Ben's resting face at this point.
Not getting tds is going to hurt us later in the game
Does every game have a ben elbow watch? Jesus
Bos 21 - bengals 10 my final score prediction
These Mayfield commercials are so stupid
We take end zone shots way too often on 3rd and mid to short. Remember that happened a lot in the 2nd half of the Titans game.
THATS THE DEEP BALLS I WANNA SEE
Beautiful
"The craziest thing is, this wind is insane. Throwing a bomb like that is insanely impressive."
James Washington runs like a damn running back lmao
Beautiful
Finally
EZ TOUCHDOWN BOYS
Good throw and catch
"DJ caught one

Ben hit a long ball

what is going on"
Am I the only one who clenches and tightens up when Ben throws the deep ball? 😂
Yessssssssssss
Our wideouts 1-4 are the deepest in the league man. Our 4th best dude is good as shit. I love these guys.
lets go boys!
Looked like he was surprised that the pass was there.  Glad he pulled it in.
LETS GO
lol barely saw it
Wind doesn’t  affect bens bullets
LETS GO TD DIONTE
Why throw a fade if you're gonna go for two
Wind be damned!
Damn we smoked them that drive
bens deep balls and johnson are looking good today
Chase please be ok :(
"01 offense, empty set, Ben calls the shots. Unfortunate but that’s all that works."
Ben faking a injury is like when Lewis Hamilton on team radio goes “my tiers are finished” Then turn to god mode.
I hope was just landing on his hip vs landing with arm extended and it be the shoulder
I think they told Burrow to just get rid of the ball.  Don't let TJ smell you.
Bosgod has made 24 straight FGs and that's the longest active streak in the NFL as per Bill Hillgrove
Whoops
jesus spillane that was one of the most obvious ones I've ever seen lol
FUMBLE
LFG BOYS !!!!
Nice strip!!!!
2nd of .......6 turn overs
GIMME DAT
LETS GOOOOOODOODODODOROTOTHSVERBDBD
tyler Boyd is a big strong maaaan
HAHAHAAHAH BUNGLES R DOG SHIT
"Cam Sutton said ""gimme"""
Rip Conner
“Kicked themselves in the foot”?
holy shit what a clean strip lmao
"Im goin to say, Cam Sutton has been legit with the opportunities he has been givin."
Jesus this is a high school game basically
How is this team so bad at blocking for the run? Conner is almost always getting hit behind the line.
Our run blocking is so ass
these run attempts are absolutely brutal
“Kicked themselves in the foot”
boy I sure love that they keep running the same hideous power runs and getting destroyed over and over again
This run game is trash oline has really regressed this year
Ben getting warm. Curtains for the league when this happens
All day to throw
Well my heart came to a full stop on that one.
Berry good
Ben needs to throw some more pump fakes to avoid the passes getting batted down imho.
"Wait, you don't have to just fuck around in the backfield?"
"Anyone else think it's a total fucking dick move that ads try to hijack your in-home AI? 

I don't even use that sort of stuff and I find it annoying as hell. Like imagine if an ad just opened Google and looked shit up."
DL not getting enough pressure for me. They need to send another guy
Damn classic slant td
"~~I was hoping for a sack but I'll take a throw away so they settle for a field goal.~~

Or we can let them score on 4th down..."
time for the offense to look alive
Fuck off
It’s Benny snell football time
Never seen anyone love anything as much as Burrow loves licking his hands
JUJU!
That's good JuJu
"I don’t really agree with that penalty tbh, but I’ll take it"
Don't rough up Ben unless you want him to do even better.
"Personal fouls and bengals, name a better duo"
Wrapping claypool up because you can’t handle him
Knock knock knockin' on Bungles' door
Claypool draws insane contact I swear. He is owning these rookies.
Very nice of the Bengals defense to help us march up the field this drive. Thanks bengalbros.
"I know it's vilma's first year but he makes me miss chris simms, and I don't like saying that."
Just plain do not want to run power. Brought Watt on for that. Fuck this play calling
Jumbo Package. Lol
"Sam Hubbard’s face was more apologetic than argumentative. I think it was a case where he knew he fucked up. Hell, when he was lying on his back, he was grabbing his helmet...he knew he drew the flag."
Juju ❤️
"I don't know why, but that pass scared the shit out of me."
And that’s just one reason why we’re the best in the league
I thought that was a terrible pass when it left his hand. Glad I was wrong.
Respect my quarterback
Juju for the win.
He just did that HE JUST DID THAT
"This MFer just said that DPI play was a smart play by the defender. Yeah, brilliant to give your opponent a new set of downs on the 5."
ben Roethlisberger is a big maaaaaan
What a fucking throw
LETS GOOOOO JUJU
My stream is like 3 years behind the actual game.  I see Juju comments from. 5 minutes ago. Nice TD anyway!
Okay so can we start seeing some pressure from our Dline?
Is that mason rudolph sitting in the stands
"Juju scores


Give ball to fan


Mark Madden punching the air"
Kenny Albert is worse than every CBS play-by-play announcer
Lol I guess its too much to ask the broadcast to recognize Juju's parents
Everytime the ref turns on his mic I think my door blew open.
"There it is, streak intact."
There’s my sack
COOK HIS ASS TJ!!
Diontae Johnson is good at football.
Joe burrow is learning the hard way lol
"Dread it, run from it, TJ Watt arrives in the backfield all the same"
Diontae having a day today
That Ebron route would’ve literally killed Heath at that speed.
This is a 9-0 team!
EBRON!
Did the Bengals just forget about Diontae on that play?
"He just keeps talking about how the successful AFC north teams can run, meanwhile we have 200+ passing yards and like 30 rushing yards. Maybe stop talking about it?"
Stop. Running. East. To. West
Ben is fucking slinging that ball.
for literally one second I thought ebron broke something and I got scared
Deonte is a fucking stud
Ben's on pace for 55 freaking throws this game..this run game needs figured out.
DJ is fucking on it today
Johnson is already over 100 yards today. God damn!!
im so done with these connor stretch runs
Put Benny in man
James Conner is just a false start penalty back us up another five yards
Joe Burrow looks like Pennywise the Clown without makeup
Man Connor needs to learn to cut up field and take a yard over these 5+ yard losses where he runs backwards to get around a block.
This isn't just Conner's fault y'all. Their DL is swallowing us
"Drive was going great, then a shit run to the outside. Just let Ben throw 60 times a game, it's our best shot."
This running game...No words actually.
Why not just run up the middle with Conner
You know...Maybe let Conner run it up the middle.
Hey so maybe try runs that aren't lateral 5 yards behind the Line of scrimmage?
Run game sucks but lateral runs def aint it
Conner when given an option or zone takes it outside 9/10 times and it almost never works
See see these shittt runs just give Ben more space to throw. All part of the plan boys.
Let's let Connor the slower of the backs to try and run outside the tackles and then let little Snell be our short yard down back? What is that logic
Why do we not have Snell in there 50% of the time???
I’m gonna go to the Steelers bench and rip every running play out of that playbook
Boswell is just fucking automatic
Shout out to Bosgod for kicking 3/3 in a tornado today
Our guys just smacked heads there. Hayward looking jarred
How do they not call that hold on Watt all year long?
Ugh cmon call something aggressive
I'm confused offensive lineman allowed to wrap their arms around defensive players throats?
Whats up with the holding on Watt
Burrow didn’t tried the experience of an interception today? He should try now...
this soft ass coverage makes me wanna throw up
Mondeaux does not make me comfortable
How is that not called a hold every time?!
Watt saved points if our D can stop them on 3rd
Huge sack
I wish TJ would tell at a red every once in a. while. he's being put in a fucking sleeper hold and it doesn't matter
HELL YEA WE NEEDED THAT BOI
"every time my stream freezes, the bungles do something big and its pissing me off"
WOOOoooo TJ!!! My man.
Lmao that was a classic Bungles play
Very solid half of football
Good half despite the shit play calling. Hopefully we can replicate the defensive success and let Ben call some plays in the second half
"DAE Tomlin should be on the hot seat for taking this long to go 8-0??????


/s"
Uhhh why isn’t TJ in?
way to wrap it up Haden!
Joe Haden is a great tackler for a DB
Haden having himself a game.
Haden is an animal
Outside run for a loss time 😈😈
Run run pass punt
Our run blocking is terrible
FUCK THE RUN GAME ITS NOT WORKING THROW THE BALL
We love not converting don't we?
Beautiful fucking punt
Run run pass should be our nickname
That was a nice hit off the punt.
Best kick of his career.
It's actually unbelievable how bad the run game is.
"Beautiful punt, beautiful tackle...well done."
Very pleased with Berry since his return.
"911, yes. I just witnessed a murder"
Not sure why were still trying to run the ball so much. We've had like one good run all game. Our passing game has been FAR better.
I think he caught it
Falcons sub gotta be the only other team to act like us when we in the lead lmfao
that’s a catch
Thanks for all the replays fox.
That ball bobbles big time. He got the toe dragged but he never has full possession.
two great replay angles thus far.
Seems like a catch to me unless they say he didn't have control for the first foot
"Ball moved a lot, but then this is the NFL and no one knows what a catch is"
"Honestly at this point, I don't think I know what a catch is"
"Did anyone ever explain why the play from the first half was not a safety?

Because he touched the ball in play, outside of the end zone, and then had to go into the end zone to get it and got tackled, I thought it would be a safety.

Can someone explain it to me just so I understand?

Thanks!

Finally a Steeler game that I have not had to take any tums :-)

Go STEELERS!"
"He got one foot in, then he adjusted and got the other foot in. I don't think it's a catch"
im cool with whatever
Fox is Almost as bad as ESPNs NFL coverage. Almost
A potential turnover and fucking fox has a commercial on.
"*and now this, from Lowes*"
These first down play calls are abysmal.
STOP RUNNING THE FUCKING BALL. ITS NOT FUCKING WORKING
[deleted]
Get Randy the fuck away from this team please
Please for the love of all that is fuck STOP RUNNING ON FIRST AND 10
FIRST DOWN BABY
[deleted]
"""Alright Ben, you can have your Superbowl, but we'll have to have two terrible running plays every set of downs.""

-NFL probably"
STOP ASKIMG ABOUT THE RUN GAME WE DON'T NEED IT
"Vilma is so annoying, we heard you the first fifty times"
like....imagine not having Ben this year....holy shit what a waste it would be with this D
Eazy-E with THE catch!!
This fucking announcer is aggravating. He's done nothing but talk shit on our offense not being good enough to beat good defenses. We literally just beat the ravens.
Man Ebron have saved our bacon a few times
Remember all those colts and lions fans saying ebron cant catch?
"Ebron only has 2 catches, but both were big time 3rd down conversions."
Ebron the type of dude to drop a 2 yard pass but make the hardest catches
god that first huge touchdown for Claypool this year has led to me expecting it to happen more and my balls are blue for it.
"So happy with Ebron this year, can live with a drop here and there for his production. Great signing"
That spin was fucking smooooooth
Vance better be available for the Baltimore game... cannot run anything outside with him not setting the edge.
God this camera work is fucking terrible.
"Wow, a rare running gain. Nice."
What a throw and catch
Conner checked this thread at half-time haha
James channeling his inner Mendy with that spin
AIR CANADA 🇨🇦
TOO EASY!
Is there a better pump fake than Ben?
Bengals sub is about as positive as our running game
I think this claypool kid *might* be good at football...
The guy who sells me my heart attack pills is furious right now.
MAPLETRONNN
The combat catch!
Maple leafs out for ya boi 🍁🍁🍁🍁🍁
Mapletron!
We are seeing tonight why we are undefeated. We are a good team when we do what we have to do. This game has been our best game in a while
Maybe everyone panicking when we tried that two point conversion was overreacting.
"Mapletron!!! K, enjoy drinking the rest of this game away Nation. It's over."
"Bengals: How are we gonna get out of this hole?

Taylor: We'll dig our way out!

Steelers: *Scores*

Taylor: Not like that! Dig up stupids!"
/u/thedudeabides50’s kid predicted that TD in his pregame analysis
Chase Claypool is such a beast goddamn.
Let us thank the Bengals for a less than usual stressful week of Steelers football
Bengals giving every Steelers fan lower blood pressure.
Mayfield just hoping we believe this bullshit that ain't his body.
Hold them here get another one and sit Ben
"The way the scoreboard marker is, it looks like the Bengals have -7."
i like how im not stressed out too much right now. i could get used to this.
CAN THIS MF SHUT UP
"They interfere with our receivers almost every play, luckily they are calling it today for once."
"Yeah if we score here, rest ben and free mason"
Johnson was gonna get nailed if he caught that
"He slowed down, rookie mistake"
"Big Ben and over throws, so hot this game."
Jesus Vince Williams hits people like a fucking train.
"dolphins game over

buf az under 5 in 4th

den radiers 10 min left in 4th

steelers 1 min left in third."
I heard that hit all the way from Germany!!
defense having FUN out there
That graphic of Ben was a bit generous tbh
Hadens hair is really something
Haven't checked yet... have Bengals fans pivoted to the usual groveling for the moral victory yet? Whining about the refs and how our players are all criminals bullying their gentle mom and pop club of boy scouts?
Looks like Washington needs a TD now
I don’t think Claypool is great at locating the deep ball.
We'll get a deep pass one of these days...
Time for a James Washington TD
Did JuJu just stand up a LB that was trying to light him up?
Juju took a helmet to helmet hit and just kept trucking.
"Juju is a beast man, ate that hit and got him some yds"
I’d Let Ben rest after this drive
Juju is STRONG and we been using him on 3rd downs akin to AB’s old go to role. Wonder if we kee Juju after this year :/ I’d like to
Juju is tough
RUN THE BALL
this Bates kid is a problem
WHAT A PUNT
"Holy fuck if he catches that, we have a game again."
Berry’s having such a good game
Punting has been stellar today!
Wtf that wouldve rolled to the line!
The punting has been incredible. He is getting serious power in these kicks.
Good punt.
3rd week in a row Ben dodged a bullet with that kind of throw.
Berry! Is! A! God!
LETS GET A SAFETY
Why's he throwing these fade away floaters?
"Let’s get a safety!! Let’s go TJ, Bud, Cam, Tuitt, somebody!!!"
Can these announcers please fuck off
Vilma relax you dweeb
Who is our guy without a mask ...gonna get fined
Berry is suddenly a great punter and I love it.
Imma miss Bud
"This is more of a general NFL question than a Steelers specific...but why, when games are pretty much in control, does Ben not come out of the game? Seems like it’s NOT the norm for the NFL - qbs play the whole game - but it’s not the norm in other sports. You see aging players, Lebron etc etc, take a seat to avoid injury and wear/tear in “blowouts”

Anybody know why this doesn’t happen in the NFL? You think this would be a perfect time for the 2nd team QB to come in for a few series."
Rayrayrayrayray!!!
It seems like he is so close to a touchdown every single return
The man so nice they named him twice!!!!
My goodness McCloud is a beast.
We sure got the short straw for the commentary crew.
What I’d give to have Myron Cope doing the color.
Ryan Switzer in shambles once again
Juju on 3rd down✅
What is that hand thing Juju keeps doing?
"Damn Bengals suck chant

Our fans are some savages hahah"
I love Hines Ward 2.0
Bengals sub in shambles
I’m now designating 3rd downs as 3rd and JuJu!
We love the sweeeeeeeep
Now...Rudolph time
Ben Roethlisberger is the Cincinnati Bengals’ father
we are the best football team in history
Fucking Claypool. This dude better plant his ass on our roster and never fucking leave.
Man I am so glad we drafted Claypool!!
chase is now at one touchdown per game
God damn. Claypool already has NINE TDs this year.
I think I speak for everyone when I say that I would much rather see Dobbs than the reindeer
Such a good game all around. Only thing is the run. We have 32 total running yards
It's time for the Mason handoff show
I would like to thank the gods for giving me TWO games this year i can be relaxed in the 4th Qtr....they have spoiled me this year & I appreciate them for it
It’s nice not to have a stroke this week
"I’d really like more sacks

Edit: there we go"
Mason time
My heart appreciates this performance this week
Williamson sighting!
"has avery even, like, played this game?"
Stop that. You already lost. Let me get ready for work in peace.
Woah not gonna lie... that was cool lol
Spillane baby!
Free sack stats baby
#SACK NO. 4
Why tf would you kick a field goal there lol
HAHA BUNGALS YOU THOUGHT
oof for burrow. I wonder how many qb hits there have been because I've seen him get up off the ground waaayyy too many times.
I hope he’s alright
That field goal is them officially throwing in the towel
HOPKINS HOLY SHIT
We have lit the victory cigar.
Are the Bengals' rush defense good or is our rush game that bad?
[deleted]
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|00:34 4th|SF|13|@|27|NO|
|02:00 4th|CIN|10|@|36|PIT|
|Sun 11/15 08:20 PM ET|BAL|-|@|-|NE|
|Mon 11/16 08:15 PM ET|MIN|-|@|-|CHI|
|Final|PHI|17|@|27|NYG|
|Final|JAX|20|@|24|GB|
|Final|WAS|27|@|30|DET|
|Final|HOU|7|@|10|CLE|
|Final|TB|46|@|23|CAR|
|Final|LAC|21|@|29|MIA|
|Final|DEN|12|@|37|LV|
|Final|BUF|30|@|32|ARI|
|Final|SEA|16|@|23|LA|
|Final|IND|34|@|17|TEN|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Two trains of thought?
Anyone else think we should give the ball to Snell more?
"Let's be honest, steelers needed this, you needed this I did, hell everyone needed this....except Bengals, and I'm ok with it."
My cardiac doctor thanks tthis team this week.
Ah yes. The classic Steelers move of dominating the game everywhere except the scoreboard
"I'd cut off my pinky to never see another ""at home with baker mayfield"" commercial"
Why does it seem like Ben has had so many batted passes this season? Does it have sometime to do with the way he throws now post elbow surgery?
How the fuck is the Masked Singer still a thing? Especially during a pandemic.
"Imagine a high powered offense paired with our defense. 

I have to stop thinking about it..."
I hate our playcalling so much
"It’s not a safety because the returner didnt have possession of it before the end zone.  Dumb rule, but that’s what it is"
Can someone explain why that wasn’t a saftey
"I'm getting close to my ""not wanting to see James"" run phase"
RAY RAY!!
So glad Switzer isn't returning punts anymore lol
"The cumin, the coriander, it's so tender. It gets me hard. Then I cum. It's bomb steak"
remember like 7 minutes ago when all you guys were shitting on the offense. just have some damn patience.
"Bengals are so bad, we’re doing everything better statistically but are struggling. Only the Steelers"
Outside run to Conner for a loss of 4 comin up 😤😤🔥🔥
Go forward James. FORWARD.
"Why do y’all keep blaming Conner? Lmao pay attention to what’s going on. The OL was blown back before he could get around the edge. He’s a north south rb, blame the OC for calling a stretch play with a slow back"
Diontae either making a huge play or falling down
Can't run against two of the worst run defenses in the league. That's fucking pathetic. What's the excuse?
"Oh the pass game is working for you? Let's go back to run, run, pass to show how anemic our offense can be. Every week Fitchner"
Lol idgaf what anyone says. Ben not in the MVP conversation is ridiculous.
[deleted]
Can we RUN THE FOOTBALL? Our star receivers getting up limping because we refuse to even try to run the ball up 22.
"'He's making us old guys look good.'

Do you mean the old guys still playing or the ones who haven't been playing for awhile?"
Anyone else kind of want to see Mason come in sometime soon?
Announcers actively rooting against our boys at this point.
I hope Burrow is ok. I still don’t like the Bengals but I like Burrow. He’s the best college QB I’ve ever seen
"That's stupid feel these losses

Vilma saying nothing but bullshit"
Can one of your mods please fucking ban all the morons from here that are spamming the game thread in r/Bengals
Imagine risking our players health in a blowout
"Wanna see me overthrow Claypool?


Wanna see me do it again?"
"The victim complex in their game thread is fucking hilarious. Every Steeler is committing a penalty on every play, the NFL sucks our dicks, the refs are letting us injure them, and on, and on, and on."
Can we get an OC that knows what plays to call at the right time? For fuck sake.
Anyone that defends Randy is a joke. It’s 1st and 20... why not try to run a play where they can get 10-15 yards to make 2nd down more manageable...
Was Randy Fichtner responsible for that drop?
It's so disappointing that we can't run the ball
Idk why we treat DJ as our WR 1. Juju is our best WR.
Alright let’s get a damn touchdown now. Great field position. Let’s go!
Love Ray Ray
"I have the Steelers -7, why do I feel like this game is going to end 6-0?"
I hope Bens elbow stays ok.
"Notice how Ben holds the tablet! His right elbox is clearly hurting because it is at a slightly shallower angle than the other!

-Fox, probably"
I still think Dobbs is better than Mason.
Did Ben’s throwing motion change? He has so many balls batted
Steelers football it’s never a easy game shame if you thought otherwise
lmao wow. Another Conner run to the outside and another loss of 5 yards.
I’m not sure that Randy’s experience as a QB coach really lends itself to calling good run plays
Yes GMC. It is so common for people to buy cars for each other on Christmas. . .
"Randy...for the love of god please pass the fucking ball and don’t be a conservative bitch. If you are going to run a running play, please run it into the middle and not outside. Thank you ☺️"
"Man If Fitzpatrick would have caught that, he would’ve looked just like Palamalu with that dive!"
"It's been 8 weeks now, Ben should be better with his deep throws but he's still overthrowing by a lot."
Vilma gets paid per word.
"We get it, Johnathan."
Why does this 3rd and 1 scare me so much?
"Vilma saying ""we"" in reference to the bengals. Jesus christ the bias"
What do you mean “we” Kemosabe?
"Cincinnati is really trying to get burrow killed.  Just put in the 2nd string man, its over."
Seems rude to put Rudolph in and not even let him throw the ball
"Back to back 3 and outs vs the Bengals. Why does Randy Fichtner have a job? 
Edit: Already forgot about our lone first down."
[deleted]
"Why did Fichtner allow the pass to be blocked >:(

FAHR TAHMLEN"
Yo this classic smooth jazz on buffstream is legit. Do this during ads.
"Little Joey Burrow about to be sacked 10 times. I guarantee it. Double digit sack day, or I riot."
Crackstreams has figure skating on? They have the NBC feed up??
The weather here in Pittsburgh is windy as fuck but it stopped raining at least. Let's go Stillers!!!
Bens beard is perfect at this length.  Looks full and  great  while not making him look like a homeless man.
My heart is pounding ugh.
That's not how you wanna start the game.
Ben already calling plays?
"Of course, punt"
ST redemption run
P L A N N E D
Is that the wind orrrr
Snell is such a gamer on special teams
3rd and manageable...chuck it deep
Lot of yinz acting like wind isn’t a thing.
We have some of the worst offensive play calling in the nfl I'm so fucking sick of the hail marys on 3rd and short
Was about to complain about Ben trying a deep ball with this wind... but then the Bungels cough up a punt... so whatever.  Stop the deep balls in this wind regardless
"That out of bounds moon ball on third down was all part of the plan. Ben used his mind powers to force the punt returner to fumble. Therefore, by the transitive property, that was a completed pass."
I gotta stop checking the thread watching my slow streams. Ruined the surprise.
Conner looks amazing one game and not-amazing the next.  Never know what to expect.
Please score a TD here
"If we’re going to run east/west, use McFarland. Use Conner and Snell for North/South. Conner has the best hands for pass catching"
"With it being so windy, they really need to establish the run game."
I feel like he only gets yards on those this year. he looks like hes running in mud when he has to go horizontally on the field
Our third down offense is just.... something else.
I’ll take it
"Bungles gonna Bungle.  

Good start!"
That was soft not going for it on 4th and 1 there.
Bosgod lmao I like it
"Yeah I guess its pretty windy outside here also, im like 2 hours from Pittsburgh"
[deleted]
I just don't like Kenny Albert.
So it's going to be one of these games....
Lmao what took them so long to get down the field smh. Could’ve had that
Bungles gotta Bungle
When did the Bengals player touch the ball? Doesn’t that determine whether it’s a safety or touchback
This game is FOR SURE going to be a shit show.
Bungles are a disaster
well that was the stupidest touch back of all time lmao
Wasn't a false start... People just getting blown over
"Looking at that wind and rain, I’m sure glad I’m inside with a cup of warm black tea."
it seems for the first time my stream is actually ahead of the others in this thread based on the comments lmao
i love how that ref pronounces “penalty” especially when he says it against the bengals
Wish we could over turn that
"With the wind blowing, need to run and run some more."
Ben looking for a block to throw gets me everytime
they call that hold but not the rear naked chokes on Watt. right.
The oline needs to get space for Connor.
"Quit throwing to receivers hands, Ben!"
DJ has to catch that
This offense reminds me of last week. You think they would come out doing a little better
Why does our offense suck
Dionte has so much potential but bad drops and injuries have really held him back
Also once. And only once. Conner how about you don’t put you head down and see what happens in the game when hitting the gap. 0 game intelligence and awareness
Why do they let the play continue
Ben was like nah chill lmao
"Ayyy, exotic run"
These guys have obviously not seen the blocks Ben has laid the past few years
Big Ben pretending like he's gonna throw a block.
"Yes, more runs like that JC"
Good shit JC
Fix the stream come on fox
Do we love Connor now or do we hate on him some more?
BOZGAWD
Hopefully we don’t regret these field goals.
ill take an all fg game
This fucking game man
Hope Ben will be ok
Somebody should tell Ben you don’t need a TD on every third down lol.
So sick of commercials
It's gonna be hard to throw a touchdown today with these conditions
Juju was coming open and probably would've had a TD there.
bosgod remains infallible
"Never missed against Cinci, I like that statistic.  Really sticks it to them"
Vilma is starting to piss me off
All the youtube videos I've watched have made me expect players to step out of bounds and touch the ball in that kickoff situation. Whew
"Today's fortune cookie reads:

> Many opportunities are open to you, if you seek them out.

Sage words during a pandemic."
how do I add a number and player name to my username?
That was nice Tomlin gave the bengals player a little butt slap lol
3 straight 3 and outs and the pressure still hasn’t really gotten there. This is a really good signZ
a catch!
[deleted]
YAAAAAAS DJ!!! There’s that deep ball baby
What a fucking pass
Deep ball alert🚨
Let’s go!!!!
That should shut fox up
Still 1st qtr? Almost been an hour lol
"So much for ""Ben can't throw a deep ball anymore""."
HOLY SHIT IT WORKED
Such a great play. Opens up the playbook.
FUCK YEA DJ
YES
DJ !!!
BeNS eLbOW
So we should go deep on 1st not 3rd? Okayyyyy
And you guys were just making fun of Johnson
Yesss! The passing game has woken up!
Diontae's sigh of relief was every collective Steeler fans' sigh of relief.
"Dionte is a monster, Thank you coach drake. All love"
Ben said fuck this wind
Didn’t someone earlier say Johnson had stone hands? Looked good snagging that throw
WE DEY
Let's go! That's the Ben we know & love. Looked better than any drive last week.
HE CAUGHT IT!
QUICK HANDS
"Fuck, hopefully Mapletron is ok."
Finally thorough the scripted plays?  Let Ben do his thing
God no
Claypool didn’t even try to jump on that jump ball
Looked like he just got the wind knocked out of him. Hopefully
3 play TD drive
josh dobbs and ben :)
Jeez it's still the first quarter? Wow this is going to be a slowwwww game
"Sometimes, it’s just a timing error"
Sutton was like 2 inches too short
This is what happens when you disrespect the terrible towel.
LMAOOOOOOOOOO
 No Avery Williamson today??
FUMBLEEEEEEEEEEEEE
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO! CAM STUNTIN ON EM SUTTON!
GOOD FUCKING PLAY CAM SUTTON
Textbook strip
Riiiiiiiiip it out
Noice
"Oh, wow.  Our boys are feeling confident today."
WHAT A STRIP
Did we just lose 8 yards on a first down run?
Connor what the hell are you doing?
And that’s why we should keep Sutton over Hilton
"Sutton been stripping the ball a lot lately, good play. And way to make up for that mistake"
I'll say it once again they never should of messed with the terrible towel this is what happens.
I'm listening to the radio broadcast - who are the announcers? One of them is literally Captain Obvious stating the most obvious things and it's quite annoying but it's better than the shitty fox announcers
why does Burrow have the biceps of Thor in his cartoon drawing LMAOOO
I love this Defense.
Sutton having a great year
How many Bengals does it take to bring down James Conner?
Fichtner: “well the passing has worked very well so let’s just keep running it”
"Just a friendly reminder, fellas. 

Defense. Wins. Championships"
I haven’t seen him but if this game continues it’s current trajectory I expect he will make an appearance
That whole sequence from the Defense sniffing out everything Burrow was trying to do and the strip right after was just... *chef's kiss* I love Steeler football.
I really wish Dotson could play LG I like Feiler a lot but Dotson I way better
That first quarter was hella long
Our WR core are just work horses.
How the fuck is Jersey Shore still relevant? Who is watching this shit?
Damn Johnson was open too
I fucking love James Washington
THREADING THE NEEDLE
Jesus flying Christ is Ben telegraphing his throws or something?
That was a vintage big ben play
Berry has been pretty good since he came back
did anybody see Claypool out there on any of those plays?
It seems like Ben is pretty regularly arguing with DJ?
Uggghhhh
How?
We rush 3 and that guy is that wide open???
I'm amazed this line has kept Burrows clean so far
Sack him now
well thats not optimal
Could we get some fucking pressure?
"Bro, these fox announcers are the worst"
Have we even come close to a sack yet?
What’s going on with the pass rush? Bad game for the front 7?
Burrow’s being smart. Getting rid of the ball very quickly. We need to make him feel the pressure
Is it me or did the 49ers look so bright that they were glowing? lmaooooo
:(
Fucking Ocho Cinco
Well fuck
We got worked there
"Horrible, too easy of a 4th down"
"Girl: This is better than what I usually eat in the morning.

Interviewer: What do you usually eat?

Girl: ... Nothing..."
At least it looks like Claypool is back
"as usual, the announcers blow"
Nobody cares about this guy
MAPLETRON!
Can ben start calling the plays again please?
Good play call be them. Let’s get back on offense and control this game
For some reason I picture Chase Claypool jumping out of a plane with a parachute.
Claypool is becoming our go-to-in-a-crunch guy.
"What do you tell your defence to prepare for 11?


Chase claypool


I'll see myself out"
Johnson is weird
Thats Mr. Smith-Schuster.  He deserves respect.
I swear people trying to hurt Ben now
Nice catch juju
JUJU
JuJu nice climb baby
Don't rough our passer bro.
Do we like this P.I. ?
"Wow, big Ben never gets that call"
Cmon chase
Should’ve caught that bullet
I thought Ben might run that in for a moment
"Ben is taking me the fuck out, I just wanna see big man rumble and use the hit stick 😂"
"Dpi and Claypool, name a better duo"
That route was FILTHY
There's a special kind of pleasure that comes when you realize the radio is perfectly synced up with the tv audio because the refs lips move in time to what you're hearing. I'm sure there's a word for it in German.
"Bro, I swear every team pass interferes with chase almost every time he doesn't catch the ball. They usually don't call it either."
"If you’re gonna bring in your FB, give the FB the damn ball. Fly sweeps are too easy to notice otherwise"
LETS GOO JUJUUU
Alot of balls right through hands today.
"Right thru his hands

Edit: Wow I’m really behind lol"
Fichtner is so laughably bad
"With all these penalties, I really hope this doesn't turn into the Burfict/Pacman Jones meltdown 2.0 game. As great as it was to see them implode, I don't want any of our guys getting hurt."
These calls are terrible. They have no faith in our run
Damn. Great play.
And here comes a touchdown.
Ben threw that with some heat on it
That guy tried to hit Ben late
 LETS GO
Let's goooooooooo!
Damn Ben I see you
That is what Ben needs to do!
 VOODOO JUJU
Vintage Ben moment. What a job!
"If you’re initially willing to go for 2, you should be going for 2 a second time. Part of the calculus of going for it is your confidence in making up for a miss by going for 2 again, no?"
Ben looking so clean right now
"So that sweep call was really bad... in general its done well all season... but you put Watt outside like hes a Tight End... and run to him.  There is no disguise or mystery doing that, it was painfully telegraphed.  

Aside from that, it was a good drive."
Ben with 180 yards already 😳
Cam Sutton has forced a fumble in three straight games. Dat boi showin up
Assist to the Bengals for generally being undisciplined. Some things never change
That dude was so pissed he didn't get the ball
Kenny Albert looks like his headset is way too tight.
"That last drive woke Burrow up lol, defense gotta get some pressure on his ass"
Burrow is pretty good
"Pressure is not getting there, and burrow is simply hitting the first or second read."
"Burrow will be a problem for us in the future, maybe even now"
Sack streak is extended
SACK STREAK ALIVEE
There we go.
LET TJ RUSH LETS GO
Ya'll need to relax with these spicy takes of doubting we'll get a sack this game. IT'S THE SECOND QUARTER
Streak alive
There it is
YES!
FINALLY DLINE. ITS TIME TO FUCKING EAT.
About time we got a sack
"Watt saying,""hello, and I'll be right back."""
Smart move by Ray Ray not to touch that ball
**TJ!!!!!**
First sack of hopefully many today!
Let's put the dagger in here
Do we get another 7 on the board before the half?
DJ having a game
DJ awareness 99
Benjamin Todd
Be is really slinging it
Ebron with a helluva catch
KEEP FEEDING EM
They’re CLICKING
Im liking this no 3rd down drive
"Hey Ben, I dare you to throw for 500 yards again."
Ben is starting to light it up
Ebron is a fucking beast.
The run designs are not very great
the amount of weapons Ben has makes me sick
"'WIDE OPEN JOHNSON""  well he was 3 yards behind the line... not crazy tough to be open there LOL"
Are we allergic to running it up the middle?
"Jesus, Johnson and Mary!!!"
Run between the tackles... geez.
I think our WR core Is better than 3 or 4 teams WRs combined.
Why the actual fuck are we running?
James is just lost right now
Why does he bounce so far outside👺
Conner running sideways on every play... just pound the rock guy
Idk who is calling the plays (Ben or Fichtner) but I'm glad we've seemed to finally accept the fact that we can't run the ball well lol.
Fichtner and really bad run calls. What a team.
"Lets gooo, Johnson has 116 yards in first half"
Where's willie parker when u need him
Line isn't really giving Conner much of a chance so far
Our run blocking is not great..
Just run it up the gut if you’re gonna run it
We need a run game coordinator. Munchak leaving two years ago has really shown it’s effect on this team’s play designs on the run game
Somebody tell Connor he isn’t fast. Run forward my man
That outside run isn’t working with the grass this wet. Stahp pls.
"Where’s that Steelers fan that got into a long argument with me claiming that Conner is good? Crickets man, the dude is so ineffective"
I wonder how many times a game fichtner thinks “it’ll definitely work *this* time”
Lol they told the line to make sure Conner had a bad year so we can sign him next year.
Got. Away. With. That.
"I dont care if Boswell needs to kick 10 FG this game.

A win is a win."
Bozgawd
Man a TD would have been great there
What is Heyward doing in on the offensive field goal unit?
Just stop running the ball it’s a drive killer every. Time.
"Who started false?

Edit: brillint"
Is the game thread not updating for anyone else?
"66 straight games with a sack, fam. 

TB currently has the record with 69 (nice)"
"Ayy guys, were winning, so don't get to annoyed."
Bet cam's concussed
Defense wtf
Did Heyward just get concussion on that collision?
Who is brooks?
Watt being held around his neck hah
This is some horrible defense
Sakurai turned tripping on this week.
Fuck this soft shit
Cam laying in him lol
"If you can't have a beard like Kiesel, have some flow like that."
Choke hold on Watt uncalled... its like Harrison is here once more
TJ¡!!!!!!!!!
TJ WAAAAAAAT
Lol holy shit TJ
Sack
Why did we just let them drive 50 yards in a minute
maybe we should have some O Linemen drag the refs across the field by their throats to see whether or not it’s a penalty
TJ GOD DAMN WATT AGAIN!!!!
"Watt says, ""told you I'd be right back."""
Lol so annoying watching our guys get held ridiculously every play with no calls
TJ like shit I gotta get back
TJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GREAT PLAY TJ YES
fucking hell yeah TJ
They should retire 25 but not in a good way. Makes me nervous seeing a DB in it
Cincy is gonna throw a sideline pass about 10 yards . Force a throw into the middle
Pick 6
Man the Bengals are embarrassing
Panthers you had one job...
16 rushing yards🤮
Wtf happened to our Run defense?!
Come on put them away this half
"Vilma has one thing to talk about, dude just repeats himself constantly"
Joe Haden having a night
But our secondary is trash
haha keep throwing to haden if ya want I guess.
We’re gonna get a block this game.
"Ok offense, your turn."
That kick was almost blocked. That ball probably almost split atoms with how close that was.
Can we stop running it holy crap
"We need Fitzmagic.

He would bolster our RB unit.."
These announcers are really annoying me
STOP FUCKING RUNNING
The line men need to be in a three point stance to fire off on the run blocks
The ole run up the gut for one yard. Run outside for no gain. Short pass behind the sticks.
We should just go empty set every play.
Our run blocking is abysmal.
[deleted]
Winds at Heinz blowing covid out of PA
The amount of people here who think the coaches are out there running the ball or telling Ben exactly who to throw to is too damn high.
I’m personally thrilled we ran on first and second down for a combined two yards
Jesus Christ that was a hard hit
How do you not fumble that.
Special teams KILLING IT TODAY
Not watching the game but keeping up with the thread.. how’s our O-line and linebackers looking ?
Aside from Berry's first punt this season... hes been quite good
Wind must be behind him
Berry has been good
"Ah, the Steeler's Special: run, run, pass, punt."
Justin Lane would be the absolute coolest running back name of all time
Why is the last play not updating on this thread?
Why hasn’t the score/time updated here yet?
Do we know we’re only up 15? In the early 3rd?
We clearly can’t  put teams away lmao
That’s a catch unfortunately
I dont think he had control
"He had to resecure the catch, might not be enough to overturn but what a grab"
LOOKS LIKE IT BOBBLED!!!
The Steelers seem to do very well in these slow tempo games
HE BOBBLED THE BALL WHEN HE HIT THE GROUND
Feet are in but he had no control. Incomplete
Looks like the ball hits the ground.
The ball isn’t secure. Not a catch.
My guess is this call stands
Two feet but not control with two. Great effort though
Hard to tell. The call should stand in that case
No catch
Incomplete
Plz no fumble. Fuck these commercials
Please no. . . .
Love the smell of failed challenges by the Bengals in the second half.
These run calls are terrible
"Wow, fuck you Fox"
Run blocking is non existent
YEAHHH LOWESSS WOOHOOO
Imagine if we could secure a block outside the tackle box...
LETS GO OFFENSE
i really don't know what some of you are watching. there wasn't a single replay that definitively showed his right foot in bounds.
Wow we cannot run the ball for shit lmao
For the love of fuck. GO FORWARD.
I swear fox interrupts game flow more than cbs. So many breaks and side by sides.
Steelers rushing at 1.5 yards a rush
"Well if they’re not going to run the ball, those quick passes for some yards will work lol"
Big boy Claypool
LETS GO OFFENSE
Good to see Ben still using the pump fake.
Fist down baby
"That pump fake even got me, I really thought he threw it for a second"
EBRON
Good catch
Ebron was a amazing pick up
So did the bot die?
Backyard Ben is the best Ben
Ebron falls to the ground so hard. Haha. No grace
EBRON!
"Vilma, he got the foot down but dropped the ball. How bad are you"
good fuckin catch ebron
What a play Ben and ebron
Ebron has such great communication with Big Ben and just being able to read how a play is going.
Why am I still nervous??
Just a casual one hander
 Ebron. Nice!
LETS GO OFFENSE
Ebron is my favorite offseason pick up
Ebron you magnificent bastard.
"I swear, if this commentator says empty package one more time..."
Jujujujuju
The weekly abandoning of the run game is alarming. We are not going to win in the playoffs if this is our approach.
hell yeah Juju
Love the passes... we run to protect Ben ...
"Why do they speculate so hard about Steelers potential injuries, but they don’t tell us about Bengal DB being out until the next half?"
A GOOD RUN!
A JAMES CONNER FIRST DOWN
We had a good run?????
Finally a great run by Conner
Easier to run when there's a hole huh.
JuJu is the answer to third down conversions. It took AB a few years to get that role.
JuJu is such a security blanket on 3rd down.
Ben taking over as OC and I’m so much happier
"Conner is like, -3, 1, -4, 2, 1 -5, 20"
Juju so clutch.
"I know this is killing Randy since he loves to run the Bill Cowher offense, but the run game isn't working. It's ok to abandon it to keep the ball away from Cincy."
LETS GO OFFENSE
THREAD THE FUCKIN NEEDLE
I love Claypool
Ben throwing darts today
Just run the guy straight up the middle
Holy fuck
I reeeeeally like our WR room.
Dam what a catch claypool!!!!!
BIG CANADA BOI
Oh wow see Fichtner That’s the kind of running lanes you can get when you pass first.
Whew...
MAPLETRONNNNN
STRONGGGGGG MAPLETRONNN
Now james washington just needs one
Gimme more Mapletron!
OH MY GOD. Ben threw a fucking laser bolt right there.
"It's _STILL_ just the third qtr.

C'mon, clock!"
this is how I thought last week was going to go
Where’d all the complainers go?
CLAYPOOOOOOOOOLLLL!!!!
Ben's pump fake is still one of the best in the game
It ain’t over until it’s over.
Losing never heard of her.
Kenny Albert looks like a guy who we're supposed to praise for his determination in recovering from a horrific accident.
So I thought we were worried about Burrow guys lmfao. I told you guys those 2 good throws earlier didn't mean anything.
Another three and out for the Bungles? Whomp whomp.
LETS GO OFFENSE
I do believe this is the first time in 8 games where I haven't been freaking out at this point...
Nvm I dislike Vilma now
[deleted]
Bengals have ZERO pass rush holy shit
Why do they let those plays continue?
Please just I do love Claypool just laughing in that guys face
Saints fans getting a monkey paw finger to curl with Winston in the game now.
Man if Ben can connect on these deep balls we would be such a hassle for defenses
I dont think I've seen a sadder live game thread than the bengals sub. Crying for obvious DPI calls and just all around sad people. Honestly feel bad for them
damn its still the 3rd quarter
Once again our games take SO long
Vince just killed a guy
This Fox graphic makes it look like the Bengals have -7
"Did anyone else hear:

""NO! IT'S NOT FAIR!""

After that last broken up pass?"
Defense is eating today
Time for the Mercy Rule sheesh
You guys think we should take Ben out for the 4th or not up enough?
"Goddamn, we have some talented receivers but their hands are sus as fuck."
Claypool turned the wrong way
Dammit that was close
LETS GO OFFENSE
The LB led with his head all the way...
I swear I haven't seen tomlin once
Can someone smarter than me explain why I haven't been hearing Steven Nelson's name this year?
Probably would have been 6.
Don't throw that Ben
Bruh that ball was gonna roll to the one
just get the 1 yards come on
LETS GO DEFENSE
TJ trying to finally catch up to Derek's safety stat.
Get a safety
Such a long game wow
Jonathan Vilma is fucking annoying. I dont even hate him because he is hating the Steelers. Any clear bias against another team as an announcer is annoying as can be.
"Joe Burrows...welcome to the NFL, today was your baptism"
What kind of throw was that Burrow lmfao
WHAT A FUCKING RETURN
Ray ray is the chosen one
Rayray!!!
"Damnit, I thought we were gonna see it there."
Ray Ray!!!!
I love Ray-Ray!
He's gonna get in there one day this year
Ray Ray's field vision is so fucking good
"Was gonna say McCloud was pissed bc he lost a gem of a punt when the flag was thrown but lol, Bengals gave him another gem"
Rayray is the Leveon Bell of returners.
why is Ben still in the game
LETS GO RAY RAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ray Ray is gonna house one soon enough. He’s been incredible all year returning
So good they named him twice
"Almost there. If he doesn’t get a special teams TD at some point this season, it’ll be a travesty. He’s been awesome"
McCloud is perhaps the best last name to exist
Ray Ray should be an all pro. What an absolute god send this man is
Ray Ray should make the All pro PR team. What a great pickup that was
"Love Conner, but where are the other RB’s?"
Ray Ray a simple juke then wham afterburners
JuJu punishes everyone
Have my kids juju
Honestly I cant blame Conner when he's constantly hit in the backfield every time
Juju is a touch son of a bitch
11 mins remaining my lord
"Juju is so tough, man just has that spirit"
 Not good for the other guys when the announcer says the game is practice for the Steeler offense
JUJU 🤙
"When you're so bad, multiple commentators have referred to the game as ""practice"" lol"
Is this the best receiving corp in the game?
MAPLETRON AGAIN
CLAYPOOL AGAIN?!?!?
# MAPLE MOTHER FUCKING TRON!
Mapletron
[deleted]
MAPLETRON
Time to call in the reindeers!!!
"Someone in this thread commented that Ben was going to reach 400 yards and 4 TDs, lol. And we're not even playing from behind."
"I know it's the Bengals, but this pass game can beat almost any team. It's just the run game that will hold them back."
Feels weird to me that it only took Cinci 5 years to go from playoff contenders to bottom feeders in our division
Take notes Joe. Big Ben handing out free lessons
Juju and Ebron lmaooo
Just need an int now
"Jesus, this game is taking forevs"
avery williamson finally getting some snaps
0/11 on 3rd downs? Jeez
Space launch in 5 minutes
That’s not even a bulky jacket. That’s just Ben in a T-Shirt
Let's surpass our shit pushing in of the Browns here and hold them to 7 here and get at least one more score
Big shout out to the boys that took Pit at -7 today.
BRING OUT MASON!
0/12 with a sack *chefs kiss*
"Defense is eating lunch right now and making the Bengals pay for it.

Edit: Naturally I make this comment and the D makes me eat my words lol."
Fuck garbage time points
"Uh oh, Bungles getting uppity

Guess Mr's Watt and Dupree need to turn it back on"
Is that what you want bengals. More sacks on burrow
man imagine if they tried to run it on us this game lol it might be a whole other game
"""They're going to try to make a game of it""

Yeah, no."
SPILLANE!!! YES!
"Whoa, didn’t realize Spillane was a football bloodline."
There’s the sacks I was looking for
They need to take burrow out. Were teeing off
SPILLANE
Their offense wanted to stay on the field knowing full well what it is we do to outsiders 'round these parts.
T.J Watt seems pissed for some reason... He keeps hitting every Bengals player near him after plays. Hadn't noticed that about him in previous games
Now we get to watch Rudolph
Hopkins is a fucking monster
Looks like Rudolph got to play after all....
Gonna be kickoff for night game soon...
A lot of backups b playing
If we don’t blow these clowns out
Lotta Roethlisberger passes getting batted at the line this year.
Why does FOX always come up with shows that never make it past the first season?
"I hope that series made y'all realize it isn't Conner's fault the run game is bad. 

It's the O-line. We had a jumbo tight end AND a fullback and they couldn't block. They suck at blocking."
"Some of our ""fans"" like to only comment when the other team scores. Just so they can complain.

But when we do something good. They silent."
IM FUCKING DONE WITH RANDY. LIKE HONESTLY FUCK THIS GUY. THE OUTSIDE RUN ISNT FUCKING WORKING..BEN IS HAVING A CAREER GAME AGAINST THESE BUMS
Third and medium? Go deep!
What was that? Into the arms of JuJu who was already getting tackled?
Kudos to Tomlin for not giving up on Boz after his awful season. He’s really come through.
EDMUNDS CANT CATCH SHIT BRUH LMFAOOO
Might have been a bit of PI there
"Oh boy another uninspired run play.

And a penalty too."
I really dislike the reliance on little dink and dunk short plays
Conner is painful to watch at times
lmao chase with the savvy veteran move tossing the ball back a few extra yards. I appreciate him taking the swing lol
This play calling is ridiculous but I swear sometimes it looks like James Conner just has no idea what he's doing out there. I love him but he'll bounce it out when he should just run hard forward and vice versa at the worst times.
The secondary came to play today
Good return ray ray
This game may drag on for another 4 hours
Ray Ray is so shifty
"🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨 

JOE HADEN GOT A PBU AND IT WASNT CALLED DPI

I REPEAT

JOE HADEN GOT A PBU AND IT WASNT CALLED DPI"
"Lol I love Ben and has a history of being the toughest QB in the league, but after decades of abuse dude can’t even give himself up without risking season ending injury"
"I swear to God, this offense is fucking impotent when it comes to closing out a drive."
"Ok webmd boys, how fucked is claypool"
"Wow.

Is this the Bungles home announce team?"
Only rushing 3? Burrow finding open receivers over and over again.
What the hell is Connor doing
I don't know what Conner saw there
What's the big deal about Burrow? Am I missing something?
Conner is cheeks
"Idk why everyone’s so mad at Conner, he’s not asking for these plays."
16 rushing yards out of 256 total yards so far. Man our running attack is anemic to say the least. I’m honestly impressed that we’re able to pass so well with defenses basically putting everyone in coverage since our running game isn’t a threat whatsoever.
Why is Watt never getting calls for holding? He’s always getting held it seems
Burrow fell into a bench
This game feels closer than the score suggests
Ugly but that's how we do. Great first half!
"Have to find out a way to get the run game going, literally anything positive."
"Every time I flush a toilet, I think of where it goes....   Downstream to the Bengals."
Joe “Savy” Haden
Pity we can't call a decent run play for Connor... but anyone see that pancake block he just did?
lmao what the fuck is up with this announcer? TJ Watt just saved a 15 yard gain? You could say something like that about every fucking play...if he doesn't make that tackle its a 15 yard gain! If he throws that ball accurately that would've been a completed pass!
"Big Ben and over throws, so hot this season."
Fans need this shit. It’s been a rough few weeks
Mapletron GOTTA be leading OROY candidate
Now the game is looking like it is supposed to and keep the foot on the gas through the end of the game.  Not the usual one foot on the gas and the other on the brake when ahead.  Probably the only lesson to take from Belicheat.
AJ green has had his career wasted
SIT BEN OR RIOT
"Ok, I guess I can stop complementing the special teams group today :/"
Welcome to your future joe
"If Gordon Ramsay was our OC, he would’ve kicked Conner out of the Kitchen already."
Since 2H of that titans game the offense has looked like a bottom 10 offense.
This stuff is exactly why no one takes the Steelers seriously even though they’re undefeated.
How is it so windy inside a stadium?
The Masked Singer is such garbage. Television can't die soon enough.
"Wanna kill the drive, hand the ball to Connor"
"almost 200 yards for Burrow from playing horseshit zone and prevent. Pressure him, bury him into the turf."
Is Bradshaw drunk or something. He can barely speak
And James Conner just tanked that drive in one play.
"Punt it again!!!


It's free downs!!!"
Terrible playcalling
Fox is using the cartoons as a test for when they air their newest show: NFL anime.
We really find every way to waste an amazing O-line
Offensive playcalling literally the only thing holding them back this year
Our offense needs to take advantage of the short field here
McCloud good
That was a great throw but just a better defensive play by Haden.
McCloud is the shit
"I swear, RayRay is just getting closer and closer to breaking one off."
"Guys, this game isn’t going to be offensive football that we’re accustomed to until 3rd/4th quarter. Get comfy and expect some 3 and outs the rest of the first half."
With these winds it’s likely that our defense will score a td before the offense
Lmao they’re lucky Ben didnt try to nail anybody. He would’ve killed someone
"Ben shakes hand


DEFCON 5!!!!"
BRO can Vilma shit the fuck up
That’s Ben’s first long pass in two years!!
They stopped forcing the run.
"Either catch it or it breaks your ribs asshole!

\- Ben to DJ, probably"
"What’s the word on Derek? Do they just not fancy him on offense or what? 3rd and 2 should be a power run, not 5 wide."
"We have 1 of those per game on defense


All normal here. It's ok"
Didn’t they ban dunking on the crossbar?
"That throw was peak Ben, if he can channel that energy combined with the best regular season the Steelers have ever had, I just don’t think we can be beaten."
"Soooo, they are saying the AFC North is full of good teams.  Except for the Bengals.  Reality must sting."
[deleted]
LMAO he practically handed him the ball and he still dropped it HAHAHAHA
Hilarious to see the Bengals sub crying.
Conner is simply incapable of getting yards
God I hate Fichtner. Run run pass. This offense is clearly not built for running the football. They need to be using the passing game to open up the running lanes but Tomlin and Fichtner refuse to understand that.
"Ok, we *might* win this game."
I’m happy we have a great lead.... but all I can think of is 19mins of game clock remaining lol
"29-7 is nothing guys, we could blow this lead do not think it’s over"
"Amazing catch, absolutely immaculate throw"
"A Stress Free Sunday!

outside of the stress of finishing grad work but still."
"If the Bengals have to punt, probably should take Ben out.  

They won’t though."
Can we put Dobbs in to see how he does pls
Ray Ray has to be top 5 returner in the league right?
Vilma saying Burrow is gonna do a better time next time. Like wtf bro.
TOUCHDOWN CLAYPOOL. GET THE FUCK OFF THE FIELD YOU SCUMS OF THE AFC NORTH.
Get the Boswell Photoshop ready.
What is that celebration that Juju keeps doing after his good receptions?
"There was nuke dropped in Buffalo just now. 

Pray for the mafia."
Burrows was grabbing his knee..shit.
"I'm fine with giving Snell the ball for the rest of this game, but he's not the guy moving forward. He's had his opportunities this season and he's fumbled them away. None of the Steelers backs are going to be great because the offensive line is not good at run blocking. The Steelers need to lean on the passing game if they want to win a championship this season. Throw to set up the run, not the other way around."
I told you guys that Conner ruins the momentum once he touches the ball
"3 and out


Blow it up


Fire Sullivan"
Great gameplan on 3rd down again.
hmm we only scored a field goal...FIRE TOMLIN
Why did we go for 2 in the 1st quarter? Just kick the fucking XP
this game is going really slow compared to all the others. there are games at halftime or about to me and we're still at 10:30 in the second
"in spite of us winning currently, it is infuriating seeing this team with no run game."
"BENCH BEN.

SEND OUT RUDY."
Fuck it put dobbs in .
"In Dallas, how can I watch game?"
Predictions?
[Thoughts?](https://i.imgur.com/sLCDgIm.jpg)
the bungles are pulling CBs off the practice squad... so Ben should be bombing all day. no excuse not to.
Browns are about to win.....
Ok hope so .. only 4 min to go
We’re winning and that’s it boys!
HERE WE GO
HERE WE GOO
Would love to see us come out 5 wide Ben hurry up
Game time! Let's get this W
Opening drive touch down incoming?
Windy game I guess we got this do nothing but score touchdowns are on two point conversions
LETS GO BOYS
They’re sending pressure early
LETS FUCKING GO
Not the greatest drive to start the game.
"Don't worry Rocky, you go when you're ready."
LETS GO
I like it.
+1 Already LFG
"Let's be honest, ben has lost some accuracy. Still love that man tho"
Ben missing practice this week could hurt us
Benny Snell Football
OKAY NOW SCORE A TD
Bungles showing up early.
Typical bungles
"LETS JUST SAY BEN MADE THE PASS TO CLAYPOOL, FUMBLED IT, AND SNELL RECOVERED IT"
Special teams out here today
We should punt more often
Ola
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL BOYS
It’s always funny to me how you can tell who is streaming the game (vs. watching on TV) based on the delayed reactions haha
Bengals already turning things over.  Steelers have to capitalize off this and score.
"First game I've only listened to for awhile since I'm not home today.

Worried about Tunch. His speech has noticably changed :("
"Big special teams play, thats a good sign"
Looks windy AF out there
Someone is definitely going to blow a tire on the garbage blowing around Heinz Field right now
Boswell that ends well
Clutch.
Ill take it
I don’t like seeing berry’s knees.
Danny Smith chewing up the bengals today
3 and out twice but three point..I’ll take it
That were honestly 2 pretty bad drives. At least we got 3 points out of this.
lmaooooo
Wait what?
"Wait, why?  It hit him?"
sound like a damn hurricane there
"Need TDs, don't want the Bengals hanging around"
LMAO what the fuck
Buttered the ball
"Not gonna be a lot of passing today, I believe"
"What blows harder, the wind in Pittsburgh or the Bungles?"
Nice play 23 :)
Watt being hugged
Is mike Hilton back?
BUNGLES LOL
Was that fucking Cat Stevens in a dodge ram commercial?  Fuck...
Think there’s going to be a lot of turnovers and botched plays with the wind
Come on Ray-Ray! I feel a runback coming!!
Connor stop bouncing it outside....
There’s not even 5 minutes off the clock yet? Damn.
Can't even gain a yard on a run even with the hold.
Weird... looks like Ebron was getting held there... nah... Steelers wouldnt be getting fucked on calls in a game.  That never happens.
"That kickoff sequence still seems odd to me. The only reasonable explanations for it not being a safety to me, is that they either ruled he didn't touch the ball or that when he first touched it he was already in the endzone. I'd tend to believe it was the latter, since it looked obvious to me that it was touched. Still would've liked to gamble with a challenge there"
I hope we have a backup plan because Ebron is the worst run blocker out there
Not a fan of these outside runs
Catch it DJ
Been ugly for both squads so far
Geez
We will get it going. Need to key in on the plays on offense
I want to see Ray Ray get a ST touchdown so bad!
Surprised to see Antwon Brooks getting so much playing time.
"Ben, plz don't lol"
I want the other half that Oreo ad where Santa has to kill the guy and the elf to keep his secret secure.
Taking a page from the Ravens there
"I was like...whaaaa.... Benjamin, you no block"
Claypool!
THATS more like it. Gj Conner
I love seeing Ben as a lead blocker but it also scares the hell out of me
That’s how you use pre-snap motion to open up the run game
"Here we go, JC"
I'm always scared of Conner.
Go Connor!
Now we're moving!
Wind knocked out of him
Let's get a td here please
😒
Of fucking course he did
Don't do this to me...
Come on... Get the first down... didn't need the endzone shot...
Should we blame this on wind??
It’s a definite difference between Randy and Canada/Roethlisberger.
Holy fuck if I have to see “ELBOW WATCH” one more time
Bosgod to the rescue.
Damn. Washington was wide open
"'Trying to make something out of nothing.'

Hey I resemble that remark."
"Washington was wide open. Not a bad call against a man blitz, and the mesh worked. Had a touchdown"
Ben is still human. Bonking your elbow hurts no matter who you are. Chill out announcers.
They do this elbow thing every single game.
Praise be
What spiritual bondage does this team have with going deep on 3rd and medium???
We should make an effort to get juju the ball
Hints of Boswells 2016 game against KC
BY GAWD ITS BOZGAWD
I swear the gals have no CB's but the crap weather is gonna not going to let the steelers take advantage
Why are they talking good about Rudolph lol
It would be cool if we didn't call asinine plays on 3rd and short.
Why did the commentators say Bozgod has never missed a kick against the bengals...
He picked the absolute worst place on his entire body to land on there
He's probably lucky he just fell down
Tough game but I think we’re looking much better than Cinci
Can our offense get us a lead?!
Stupid penalties.
“Hopefully he completes this first down”...I don’t want to be the guy complaining about announcers not being impartial but like wtf?
DJ!!
There we go!!!
Wait is it 3rd quarter already
Keep er going boys
 It’s smellin like TD already
So 38 year old Ben is a Warrior going for the extra yard.  But landing on his throwing elbow.  Big fella that’s why they invented the slide so you don’t have to do that shit to yourself.
Beautiful deep ball by Ben with the wind
Yeah his elbow is going to be just fine
T U D D Y
DJ!!!!! WHAT A PLAY! THERE U GO BABY. I FUCKING SEE YOU 18
"Sheesh, that was perfection by Ben!!!"
"If anybody wants to have a laugh, just visit the Bengals subreddit"
There’s that farm boy strength there.
LETS GOOO
Now that’s a drive.
Ez
This receiving corp. 🔥
Best drive of the year
PI?
They heard y'all complaining about a long quarter.
Fucking finally.
"Johnson making it look easy. 

That's what I wanted to see from the offense."
Damn that was fast
So hopefully r/nfl calms down after we played a bad game against the Cowboys
Spilling over the lane
SPILLAINE wanted Borrows
Spillane went like three yards over on that lol
A glitch in the robo code
oh my god the Bengals running offense is so bad
What do you guys think. Should we be worried about Joe Burrow or nah?
Another take away baby :)
Burrow did not like what he saw from the defense.
Fox’s graphic packages are so fucking lame
Ripped that ball outta there
thanks higgy
Sutton a beast
"Friendship ended with Mike Hilton

Friendship started with Cam Sutton."
HELL YES
HAHAHAHA GIMME THAt
STRIP THAT SHIT BOI
Jesus fuck. What are you lot drinkin' on?
LETS FUCK GO D
Man Sutton is playing out of his mind the last few games.
Sutton has stepped up big time with Hilton out.
nice strip
He’s going he’s going he’s zuhhhhhhhhh
Avery Williamson teaching his new team some tricks
I don't get it. We get the ball back and then the offensive line is nowhere to be found.
Bungles gonna bungle
How is it only the first quarter still?!?!?
cartoon ben is jacked
Uh guys you gonna block like one person?
Do we have a FB?
Classic Ben play right there
Stop fucking running powerruns. Yeah o line is not helping but for fuck sake.  Let’s sell the power run.
Playing against our defense is a great test of your grip strength
Did it get a lot darker or is my stream messed up?
Play calling is ass.
"We so desperately want to throw these behind the LOS passes it's scary, any chance we can do more of those... >2 yard passes instead?"
with how their offense is going shouldn't have let that ball go out the back of the end zone? maybe he saw the way it was spinning or something.
Can someone tell me why so many passes are Bering batted down.
damn I’m working so I’m not able to watch the game but I see the score on ESPN and this shit wildin
"'We met over a century ago.'

Fuck I know I look awful for my age but I'm not that old."
Burrow had a pick6 this year yet?
Inconsistent
Damn they left him wide open
Hold 'em for three boys.
Damn he got sandwiched.
We use our base defense too much when other teams have 3 or 4 guys out wide
Hold em off boys
Lame.
Damn.
:(
What is the sack streak at?
LET’S GO OFFENSE.
The Bengals special teams are actually pretty good
 Juju bro
The ball is going to be thrown hard to beat the wind. Our receivers need to know that and catch the god damn ball.
Empty set Ben moving the ball. Same stuff different week
Didn't drop that!
Drops are killing us
Yay claypool
WHAT A CATCH
Made up for that drop jujuuuuu
56 celebrating as if he actually did something.
That was innocent.
Why does Diontae keep trying to juke?
""" there we go ""

listen to Vilma. jesus christ"
"Damn, that could've been bad."
"Personal foul, roughing the Ben."
"First down by interference.

OK by me."
Chsse is mad cuz that dude cost him a td
Typical cowardly Bungle shit from Hubbard
Carson Palmer would die from that
Thinking about just muting the tv at this point
That was shades of Kimo von Oelhoffsen
You cannot defend him
"Fuck Sam Hubbard, punk ass"
Dpi vs Claypool
Claypool draws flags like a maniac
Claypool sold that like a grizzled veteran
"I mean I'd hug Chase Claypool too, though the Bengals should wait until after the game or even the play itself"
Wth was that
AUTOMATIC FIRST DOWN
That was a fucking missle
Right through his hands
THATS WHAT BEN FUCJING DOES
JUJU!!! HOW I LOVE U
JUJU TD !
Bungles gonna bungle
Classic Ben
Bengals game planned for that Claypool sweep
Yes!!!
Well that was ugly as fuck.
Big Benjamin
Dude did you steal my rooster!!!!
Damn that would have been sick if he could have caught that
Can we stop with these runs?
JUJUUUUUUU
JUJU!
Ju Ju!
Juju!
Offense looking MUCH better now
Ok let’s get a stop defense!
"TRY AND DMCA CLAIM THAT ONE, TWITCH"
"Fuck, I lost signal smh. Saw on Twitter that juju got a td tho"
"Beautiful pass, beautiful catch. Let’s go JuJu."
😎
Let's good! Great play by Ben. That was huge.
Glad to see Boz and the kicking team get it back together even in tough weather.
Big Ben let’s go!!!
Let’s keep that sack streak alive.
"Aww yiss, nice to be up 7 - JuJu"
Anyone else see that dude in the stands give away the td ball?
So is Higgins just going to win the matchup all day like whatshisname did for the Eagles?
Yikes. We’re in trouble if Burrow has these open receivers all day
oh that was juju’s momma?
Good holding call. I like that.
FINALLY A SACK
There's Watt!!
These announcers polishing off the tip of Burrow and the Bungles.
The streak continues.
"Has Burrow held the ball for longer than 3 seconds yet this game?

&#x200B;

Nevermind... just over 4 seconds there and sacked"
Hells yeah
EAT THAT DIRT
With how many flags the Bengals have been drawing they might want to be careful with what they are wishing for in hoping to see a flag come out.
There’s that sack!!!
Sack!
I mean we can play defense but we can’t really run for shit more times than not so that’s not exactly true
There it is!!!
"lol, they show Myles instead of Baker"
What is the streak at now?
Finally thank you TJ
ok time to get some points before half.
Hehehe TJ ......
It would be great if we could score a touchdown here
Anyone know what the strap hanging off of Bud is?
Now we're cooking!
Let’s score now boysssssss
Way to hold on to it ebron.
So many drops today...
Ravens and Browns are so mad we stay undefeated
"Fuck that wind, we throwing that thang today"
I missed seeing him take intermediate throws
That tip scared me. I'm scared of the tip.
DJ didn’t even put two hands up there...
"They'll keep sleeping on us until we're in the Super Bowl, I guess"
Ebrontosaurus
"When Ben and his receivers are in sync, running games are optional."
Let's go EBRON
Great run and pass
Shotgun? Shotgun anybody?
"Jesus Christ, WTF was that play?"
"Great play by DJ, but I don’t know what that DB was thinking with that lack of effort to force him out of bounds"
Why call the run if no one can block today?
bruh fuck a run game. just let Ben sling it for 60 minutes.
Johnson is unfuckingreal today
Great to see the offense is clicking early
DJ IS GETTING BUSYYYYYYYYYY
DJ is coated in oil
"I’m liking the offense, but these outside runs are not working. Pls stop"
What’s going on with all these outside runs
Every fucking time jeez
Are we technically an Air Raid team this year?
If we stopped running Connor to the outside we’d have a much better run game
We cannot run the ball
Ben looks pissed about that call
Literally our dudes are pass blockinn there run up the middle let Conner get 1 or 2 instead of -5
"Even if that’s the play call, how dense is Conner to run backwards 10 yards on three handoffs now? Just get back to the line of scrimmage if the blockers are pushed that far back. Obviously you’re not getting anywhere going that way"
"With how slow this game is, I’ll be surprised if the game is over before SNF starts"
Of course I have conner starting against DJ in fantasy this week
For fucks sake just run at them
Conner enjoys going backward.
Lol Conner runs outside for -yards. I have seen this one before
"This might be a stupid question, but could Conner have thrown the ball forward out of bounds there? Like when a quarterback scrambles out of pocket they can throw it away out of bounds."
Should the pregnant lady being coming over and hanging out with friends during a global pandemic?
I'm glad Juju has been putting up numbers the last few weeks
"I see everyone bashing Conner, and he's part of it sure, but the play calling is just bad. The shotgun run game and too many pulling linemen are making it nearly impossible to get a clean hole."
All hail Bosgod
and then we have the give up short pass on 3rd and 15 lol oof
Thank you BozedGod
Some games are already almost to the 4th quarter.. and here were are still 1-2 drives from half lol
Not a Pittsburgh fan but a Conner owner in fantasy. He did really well now he's giving me duds the last two weeks. What's going on?
Ben has more passing yards right now than in 5 other games this season
Edmonds didn’t do anything there
Prevent defense ... smh
Not a DB on this roster that can cover Higgins
WATT!!!
It is amazing how much a difference Mike Hilton makes in this secondary.
Terrell Edmonds doesn’t miss tackles
WHAT THE FUCK DEFENSE ?????
"I mean I get that they are trying to call less holds, but how do you miss something so blatant?"
What a beast
Look at mondeux and then look at TJ. You cannot tell they are both professional athletes.
Bro they held Watt right there.
TJ WATTTTTTT
TJ!!!!!
Lol bungles
Bend dont break!
This half is never going to end
"Jesus, Haden got fucking trucked lol"
Our defense keeps hitting each other
It’s lucky that was overthrown
Anyone notice Bud’s tail
Great stop
Just woke up from my nap falling asleep in the first quarter what’d I miss
The defense has Burrow's number.
"happy feet, can't commit."
The defense is good at stopping the run
I feel like there really is no pockets for running
Man Conner
I really wish we would stop with these runs.
"Not gonna lie, I'm excited watching Miami find some rythem. Hope that team does well. They deserve it"
how are we supposed to beat good teams if we can’t run and can’t convert
I see we started the conservative approach already
Juju looks great today while Conner not so much...wonder if either of them are kept around after this season.
Our running game brings nothing to the table.
Where would you guys rank Haden in terms of best FA signings all time by Pittsburgh? #2 behind farrior? Or #1 perhaps?
"Run run pass 

Why the fuck do they go out of their way to stop doing what works??"
BOOOOOM
 BERRY GOOOD
WHAT A PUNT
Maybe we are tanking our offense to try and get TJ more sacks?
Jordan Berry is back!!
Holy fuck berry boomed that shit
Do we have another back today?  Like to see em
"Jesus what a tackle on the punt returner, timed to perfection"
Who is this punter? Lol
WHAT A FUCKING PLAY
Great punt and coverage
Seems like he didn’t have full control of the ball and had to adjust but we’ll see
Looks like a catch to me
That’s a catch.
No catch
Didn't maintain control? Anyone know if thats a thing anymore?
Did he bobble the ball?
BALL MOVED. INCOMPLETE
Catch
One more TD and we are good to go.
Probably a catch
Can go either way.
The ball was still moving the entire time.
Iffy. Not enough to overturn. On with the punt
Ball is loose
It's gonna be a catch from me dawg
Anyone been keeping an eye on Antoine Brooks? How's he played so far
The call is incomplete. There’s not enough evidence to overturn it.
Incomplete
The ball came out?
"That’s a coin flip call. I could see it going either way. Although if you are unsure, the standard is to defer to the ruling on the field"
Hold on to the ball Ray Ray got lucky there
OH SHIT....
Bengals down a timeout
That’s a bad call that benefits us. My favorite
"Almost a fumble, still not missing Switzer."
Our run game just isn't there at all
They called him down already dumbass
That definitely looked like a fumble to me. Was it actually the Steelers that recovered?
It's like every fifth play a  jet sweep at this point
WaOew
Ah let's go to another jet sweep when the last 2 didn't work
Imagine running the exact same sweep expecting different results
Bengals don't even have a challenge anyways.
I don't recall us ever having a running game this bad.
Stop running!
"If it’s not working at first, just keep doing it until it works"
damn it. The run game is just not on today.
Claypoooooool
LETS GO OFFENSE
Please stop running sweeps 10 times a game. Just please stop
Overusing the WR run. Claypool is a WR.
our running game got snapped out of existence like 4 weeks ago....like it don't exist anymore
i like how he sat on the bench lol
"“The Steelers have tried everything possible to get the run game going” ummmm no they haven’t? Every run has been to the left side where Villanueva has been getting owned all game.

Run to the right"
Can’t run the 2 yards
"Fuck the run game. It's not working. We either keep passing the ball, or give Cincy more possessions and time to try and get back into it."
LETS GO OFFENSE
Its almost scary how bad our rush D was without Alualu... now how bad our rushing offense is with Vance out
"Vilma really needs to look at our pass success rate and run success rate before saying we must run the football. I agree it has to be better, but it’s not necessary if something else is working better"
This announce doesn't know anything about our team  lol
Haha Ben faked the Camera man with that Pump
I love watching Ben move backwards
"Not to continue shutting on the run game, but Conners best play of the game is a 6 yard reception. God damn"
" 4 plays of 4 WR, 1 TE, empty. 4-4 for 98 yds, TD"
Soo y’all explained to me how ass our O-line is.. so who do y’all see staying on this line next year ? Cuz all I see is Pouncey (aging hard as well) and DD
"Chase Claypool is having a ton of fun playing football, and you love to see it"
Ben threw him open
I could’ve sworn CC got both feet down
Ebron is a freak
4th read there... 5th read?  That play was definitely never meant to go to Ebron
EBRON FIRST DOWN BABY
ebron only makes spectacular catches it feels like lmao
THANK YOU EBRON
Ben pumping the ball always gets me a lil wet
if only they could rush for 2 but they are averaging 1.5
That was a fantastic fucking catch.
the O line has put ALL....ALL of their energy into pass blocking...like they monstard themselves
Claypool was so open there
"Wow, total yards are that close?!"
"ebron did a  great job of getting his legs up and away from that tackle, too many injuries getting pinned by defenders"
LETS GO OFFENSE
Go to JUJU
jujujujujujuju
Large wounded quail
Finally
There u go conner
Take that Connor haters.
Did I just see a running play go for positive yardage AND a first down?!
Juju keeping the chains moving!!
Oh shit! A positive run!
Laser!
yeeeeeee
Mapletron strikes again!!!
That’s threading the needle there.
MAPLETRON TD
Wtf is this camera work
This is the game we needed.
Love it
"Once again, that Ben pump fake is still elite."
Fucking laser beam
"My FF team thanks you, Chase"
I’m sensing a takeaway coming up to seal the deal.
Easy win baby I’m not even gonna watch the fourth quarter
Ben finding his rhythm is so fun to see. Love it.
Mapletron!!!
Ben baby why you try to kill me this way
I'm starting to think this one might not come down to the last drive!
Name a better duo: the Steelers and beating the Bungles
🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
honestly thought Ben was going to hit Conner over the middle on that td play
This game is awesome!! This gaaaammme is awwweeesooommmeeeee....YEAH!!!
I think we’re starting to rattle Burrow
What happened to AJ Green? Injuries?
"Roll, safeties. roll!!"
LETS GO OFFENSE
How many yards is Ben at?
Automatic first down
Bet Bengals fans say that wasn’t PI
"The pass blocking is still pretty good, but I think the difference between the Mike Munchak unit and the Shaun Sarrett unit is the run blocking."
LETS GO OFFENSE
Dionate almost got killed there
B I N C E.
LETS GO DEFENSE
Bince.
Bince go boom
What's the Bus up to these days? Maybe he can come in just pound the rock in these games & at least pick up 3 yards a carry
Holy fuck
Don’t risk Ben anymore. Trash time is coming. Need to find a way to run though
"Gotdamn, Vince!!!"
BINCE!!
Vince laying the wood.
Bince that guy has a family!!
Damn Bince chill lol
What a hit jesus.
Williams about knocked the soul out of that guy.
Vince Violence
vince Williams followed by Where da hood at lmao love it
VINCE!!!
HIT STICK!
These Bengals are really bad eh?
gotta love big ben's six pack in that drawing lol
0-10 on 3rd
Burrow looks like he's not wanting to put that much weight on his right ankle. When getting helped up he kept it extended like he was avoiding using it getting up. He might be hurt.
Watch for a fake here.
Ben with his Brian Shaw forearms in thee graphic.
Alejandro is so sunburnt today lol
This has to be last series for starters right?
LETS GO OFFENSE
"3rd and 1, think we’ll try to run for a first down?"
LETS GO OFFENSE
Berry having a career day
1st and goal lol
At least our Special Teams are doing a lot better this week.
I don't think Pittsburgh is the orange team ref
Berry has been on point today. Special teams really bringing it today.
this game is SUUUPER slow. I'm happy about it personally but it's crazy it's this late with a whole quarter left
Bud needs some sack love today.
I know this isn't about the Steelers guys but did the announcers say that Drew Brees got hurt bad?
JUST a tad short.
Safety would be quirky
Great stop there
9 and fucking oh baby!
It's weird to hear Vilma keep calling the Steelers a good running team.
"You know I want to see.

I want juju on his twitch to go to Burfict's house and tackle him when he opens the door..."
"Burrow is definitely hurt, his throwing mechanics look fucked and he doesn't have the power or accuracy he did earlier cause he can't put his full weight on his right ankle."
Not the first game Zac Taylor has conceded this year
Man this game has been unbelievably slow with these penalties
Haha nice one
Almost took it the house. He will break one some day
LMFAOOOO FUCK RAY RAY. I FUCKING LOVE YOU
MCCLOUD!
Ray Ray has been such a difference maker this year.
I love Ray Ray. He’ll get one before the season is over
GOD HES FAST
Ben still here?
Damn. Ray Ray has been so close to busting one multiple times this season. I hope he gets that TD at some point.
"They couldn't let McCloud finally return one for a touchdown? 

So fucking close!!!"
McCloud is a problem for special teams.
"Damn punter, mcloud was so close to breaking that"
"Steelers now entering the Heinz Red Zone!

Thank you, Ray Ray"
big play ray ray
Just give Ben some rest. No I’m not just saying that because I picked the under
Ray Ray is so close to housing one this season. It's coming.
RAY RAY STRIKES AGAIN!
Ben doesn't want to come out it seems
LETS GO OFFENSE
Shades of Hines Ward there
Lmao we really can't run the ball at all
FIRST DOWN JUJU
Juju you fucking madlad
Finally a graphic without those horrible drawings
LOL THE BUNGALS
Lets bench some guys I guess!
CHASE x2
9 touchdowns in 9 games what a tank
Cryingbengalslady.jpeg
6 of the 9
We sweep more often than a maid
The sweep worked .... once this game.
MAPLETRON X2
It’s easy let’s go boys
This soon to be win is so much better with all the trash Bengals fans were talking a few hours ago.
Claypool is a fucking magnet to the endzone
Let's gooo Claypoooool
WOW! An easy win!!!! WOO HOO! Let’s enjoy the rest of the game!!!!!
I swear these pants fit when I put them on this morning
Anyone else ready to see Rudolph for the rest of the game?  And you think you hate Randy's  run calls so far this game... just wait till that is the majority for the 4th quarter now.
"Okay, now we can start thinking about subs."
Game over! Let's call it a day and move on.
we should just put an O-liner at rb and pass every down
"Entered the game as 7 point favorites. I get the questions with who would be available due to COVID, and the shaky performance the past few games. But how disrespectful lol"
"Yeah Bengals, go all out the last 10 minutes of the game, only High IQ plays from Cincinnati..."
Williamson sighting
Please rest all starters
Ok now... let’s pray for no injuries!!!!
Mason warming up.
ANOTHER SACK
Haden playing a young mans game today. Love to see it.
Lol
More sacks more sacks!
What are we at 3?
"that should be a full sack for bud I think
 also yikes lol"
You should expect anything...
Ben needs to go out and run through them for that
LMAO
All that effort just to kick a FG. Yikes
Spillane heard Nance and Villa lolol
Has Avery Williamson played at all?  I don’t recall seeing him at all the last two games.
its gonna be Mason time here
Damnnnn that DHop catch was crazy lol
Human victory cigar.
9-0!!!!!!
Here we go Steelers here we go!!!!!!
bEn iS wAsHeD uP
"&#x200B;

Woot Woot.

&#x200B;

Steelers 9-0"
pounceys been blowing snaps again lately and it's upsetting.
"Conner looking for contact, he could’ve got 2-3 more yards if he went more upfield instead of running toward the defender lmao"
Thanks Conner
James Conner honestly isn't very good. I hope we get rid of him this offseason
Fichtner is a genius. run run pass punt. beautiful
WHY GO FOR 2 OMFG
"WE DEY

edit: First comment! Noice!"
Ben cannot complete a deep-ball this season
The only thing I hate more than chucking the ball deep on third and manageable are teams that line in the shotgun on 3rd and short.
Terrible playcalling
"Disappointing outcome, but man what a hold, great job by Berry."
[deleted]
LMAO
Well now we have to fucking chuck it on this series
ebron kinda being not the guy so far
I know it's not conners fault but this is just agonizing to the eyes. lmao
Getting tires of diante johnson dropping balls
Apparently Roethlisberger shouldn't have been removed from the throwvid-19 list.
[deleted]
Acura: Compared to the wild west our cars are fast.
It's crazy how bad our run blocking has become
Bit ballsy to decline it but we’ll see
Alright Ben... unleash the beast
Some more running woes... offensive line getting bullied.
Just when I was gonna complain about Conner
Wind must have affected the shot gun snap
Why do they make Ben’s elbow a thing every week? He’s old
This is guy is talking like Ben is already out of the game
Seems like edmunds dropped enough picks to finally put on a pair of gloves
I was talking shit about DJ on the last possession. As you can see there's good reason I'm not a NFL GM or coach
WTF Spillane. Literally no one was moving.
This run offense is a joke so far against one of the worst running defense in the league. Looks like they are playing together for the first time ever. Poor.
Is claypool good?
Connor gives me heartburn.
hold em to 3 fuckboys
This is what happens when your offense can’t score touchdowns
Jesus christ defense. Plz no more blown coverage
I thought dunking the football on the crossbar was a penalty now?
What the fuck happened to our defense over the last four weeks
[deleted]
No pass rush is just gonna further expose this secondary
Please catch the ball.
Alright that’s enough drops for the day guys. Catch the ball and take it to the fucking house lol
"FFS, catch the ball!"
"Yo if we don't score here, more heart attack football"
Oh shit! We converted a 3rd down
Vilma should be fired. Just said “Ben never has balls batted down” and he’s had like three this game already
How’s the game going? Power is out here for hours
Is the chat happy now?
Fire Keith butler
Conner seems to really overcomplicate things for himself
My heart can't keep stopping like this. It can't be good for my health.
3rd and long can I get uhhhhhhhh wr screen???!
"What a way to kill a drive.

How does Tomlin not sit down with Fichtner and get this play calling sorted out?"
So glad we traded for Avery Williamson to not play him
Lol that Karate Kid guy was totally checked out for that commercial
Dam. What a catch
Wtf are y’all watching?!?! Did y’all not see the ball move a shit ton when he hit the ground? Also looked like the ball touched the ground also
ROUGHING THE FUCKING PASSER MAN!!! CALL IT REFS
Hey I think I'm hearing Abe Lincoln speak... because we're up by FOUR SCORE BITCHES
Why do I still feel nervous?
Sip a beer every time these announcers say covid...
"Claypool has covered how many deep balls so far this year

1"
Old man needs a nap. He deserves it. #LetBenSleep
Jesus christ. Fell for a fake.
Watt hasn't been on the field. Anyone know anything?
Definitely did not see that coming. That’s a bummer
Make a game of it? Is Vilma on crack?
at least the bengals are putting on a comedic performance
We broke Burrow.
"Snell showed more heart in that last run than Conner has all day, tbh."
9 AND OOOOOOOOOOOO
Run game is not working with Conner. Let snell run one or McFarland. At least mix it up because it’s predictable
Doesn’t feel like we had a dominant first half
this game feels like an autism simulator where the world moves in slow motion
"Any hate on Connor shows you have a bad football mind.  Steelers have been weak on zone blocking for years, and Connor has never been a strong outside runner.  This is play designing at our own weakpoints and its embarrassing."
Why are we so bad in the first quarter?
Our offense is bad
Tomlin playing 4D chess by declining the penalty and letting Burrow's accuracy stat take a hit! /s
2020 Pittsburgh Steelers and settling for a field goal: name a more iconic duo.
"His whole career, I’ve seen Diontae Johnson as WR2/WR3 similar to Markus Wheaton or Darrius Heyward Bey. It’s time to start realizing that Diontae Johnson is more than that. He’s a better Martavis Bryant."
If we struggle this game ima be really concerned about this team
This defense is a bit overrated. They do shit like that instead of keeping their feet on the gas.
only the steelers would allow the bengals a season long 90 yd drive
People are freaking out because they're \*checks notes\* up 5 on the Bengals with 10 minutes left in the second quarter.
Conner stinky poo poo
Maybe Conner is just average
Tf is up with James Connor
Great half and our offense even had 5 bad drives.
I’d put in Rudolph next series.
There’s the berry we know and love
"9-0 is nice, but imagine if we had a scrappy gym rat lunch pail working class Steeler FOOTBALL FULLBACK head coach."
"Watching the replay, they could've called a PI on Haden"
Steelers football 😍
Did we really just give up a fake punt? That’s it. Fire everybody. Don’t know how much longer I have to say it. Do we even care about winning? Do we even care about our season? I’m really starting to consider rooting for a new team that doesn’t allow things like that to happen. Ridiculous. I hope that I can find a new team to root for that is actually good.
LETS GO BABY
He was wide open. Another miss of the deep ball by Ben smh.
Way to convert a fourth down.
3rd and 5?  We need at least 30.
Some of y'all already need to chill
Just ordered some WingStop...it's gonna be a good day
That was hilarious
"Who wants to bet we keep taking deep shots, despite Ben's accuracy issues this year AND the wind."
Offense is an absolute mess so far. Why am I not surprised?
Drop by Johnson.
we should get jamaal williams next year
Johnson needs to stop trying to do too much and just run straight
Diontae has the most stone hands on this team lol
DJ’s sixth drop of the year
Ok another 3 and out. Nice. Now offense fucking score a touchdown man
Alright offense. We have great field position here. Score a TD
Good D
Gonna need the D to show up all game this week
Wind is no joke either.  Just saw garbage cans fly through the alley behind my place.
Conner just doesn't have that break away speed man..
Ben is rusty. Hopefully warms up a bit
We NeEd To WoRrY AbOuT BeN's ElBow
Can we just take the points early in the game? Why go for 2 in the 1st q????
Diontae is so good
almost time to see how many points the Steelers will almost let the Bungholes score in the second half and make it another close one.
"I remember last week someone was like ""Why can't we strip the ball like that?!"" And I said we're really good at it."
Offensive line and Conner both not good
Currently me wondering why we cant get efficient yards against a team thats trash against the run
Can Big Ben please get the ball over the defensive line
Have we had a sack yet today?
Terrible coaching. Tee Higgins is Burrows’ guy. Unreal
Dang juju has a drop now.
juju's first drop of the season  I think and it's a big one
"Jesus FUCK Fichtner, why?!"
Ju-FUCKIN-Ju
"can’t watch the game, is burrow carving us up?"
Conner ain’t it. We need a running back
Conner ain't it. With any luck the steelers will cut ties with him after this season and use one of the first 3 picks next year on a running back.
Great play call
"The killer Bs of today, Boswell and Berry."
Yo happy we’re winning and all but anyone else kind of wish we’d get more TDs from these possessions
"Watching James Conner run is like watching someone trying to squeeze water out of a rock. 

I still don't understand his insistence on trying to run everyone over like he's Christian Okoye, not to mention that his entire philosophy around stretch plays consists of trying to run circles around the d-line until there's no room left for a 1yd gain."
Can we see another of our well paid running backs?
"""Alright guys, how should we go about neutering the offense and keeping this game close? Conner runs until we're forced to throw on 3rd and long? I know it's stupid, but it's our best option for accomplishing fuck all without literally kneeling every play! Whatever, we're doing it."""
The ball moved a lot at the end
We have been getting some good calls this year
"How will the Steelers win against good defenses that can shutdown juju and claypool? Oh idk throw to ebron, dj, or james washington."
Connor ran forward holy shit. Xbox record that
I say we sit Ben until they get back within two scores
"Bring in Andy Dalton, Burrow blows"
Ben put too much on em
That’s that good D
">The left hip still bothering Claypool. He was slow to the sideline after that last deep ball.

I think they are good...push Wash in the game now"
My heart dropped. . .
That was too close
"Let it roll to the 1? Nah, pick it up at the 4."
"God I hate fox announcers (except romo)

Edit- romo is cbs. So yes. I hate fox announcers."
SACKSBURGH
I think spillane is just happy he got off a block for once lol
Sign Fichtner to a 5 year extension
If we struggle with the Bungles I’m going to be pissed
Just dogshit play calling.
Yea jet fighter pilot in today's 'wars' ain't super hero material.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Sutton needs to wake up
STEELERS FOOTBALL LADIES AND GENTS
Settling for those field goals kept them in this. Smh
[deleted]
[deleted]
"every motion is a run

how about sometime you motion and pass"
Score should be like 30-0 right now.
Put in Anthony McFarland or Benny Snell in
Imma say it. I like hearing Vilma and Albert on air. Maybe it's just a change of pace but it's like I actually listen to what they have to say.
Welcome to the AFC North bitch
Well gg guys! FTS! But 2 of my bandmates are from pittsburg and you guys are alllright folk
I just can't believe how many of you here don't understand that we HAVE to run the ball sometime to keep the defense honest. It't just that O-line is shit and Conner is even worse. I'm guessing he's done after this year
[deleted]
"our undying loyalty to James Conner will cost us some games they shouldn't, start developing Anthony Mcfarland as fast as you can. His speed and explosiveness adds another threat to this offense.

His only major flaw is he isn't very big but there have been runs where if we coach him up he would've had huge runs that Conner simply couldn't make."
How do y'all think Ben is gonna play today?
Got my cardiologist on standby!
Hopefully it’s all TDs and no field goals today with that wind...
Laces out Dan.
Pistol formation? I think that’s the first we’ve seen them use that all year
can anyone pm link?
Claypool was so open there man...
Ayeee lets gooo
LETS GOOOO
Lol
"We should do that more often, great way to move down the field"
How did I know we’d go deep so unnecessarily
LOL Bungles gonna Bungle
AYYY
Ola!!!
LAID THE WOOD
James Harrison still got it!
Berry is going to get fined for his socks for sure…
Wtf was that pass
Nice
Fumble!!!! Let's go!
Calculated.
BALLLLL
YESSIRRR
LETS GOOOOOO
OH YEAH
STEEELERS BALLLLLLL
Benny Shell football
North south James.
Hey field progress is what I'll take.
Wtf happened?
Why did Connor cut back so far after the hand off?
God our offense is so bad man
Butt
Holy shit that ball just kept rolling
Lol
Bungles showing up big time today.
if that happens on a punt isn't it a safety?
This wind is insane
God this wind is going to make this game all running today huh
Bungles gonna bungle
So windy
[deleted]
man why do we start slowing that a maple syrup pour in the middle of the winter in Alaska....yesterday I predicted Burrow will beat our secondary up. hope I am wrong
Lawson was holding on to Ebron.
Too windy mane
I can only see that man as Arwin from the suite life
"Alright, time to cash in on good field position"
so manyyyy commercials
BLAZIN BEN!
North south baby.
You too can score with Heinz thick and rich ketchup from your local Giant Eagle
Middle is open why is he throwing that ball
Wtf man. This is just bad play calling.
I am sorry but anything over 10 yards for Ben is basically moot at this point.
"Even without the injury though, landing on your elbow hurts"
Baker needs to do more commercials
These kicks are funny
There you go D
"We need some offense, our d isn't gonna be able to shut them down like this all day."
There we go Benny
"Yes, please."
Yes
FINALLY
"Wake the offense up, wake them up inside. Save me from this boring offensive gameplan.

And Johnson comes in big."
And suddenly we're a good team again
everybody tryin to jinx us by talking about our record.
Damn. That deep pass felt like it was never going to drop
A deep ball?!! What is that
Let’s go man this game will be a blowout
Ok fine. Lock onto DJ
What a play by Worshington
Great Catch!!
DIONTAEEEEEEE
Finally
Boom suckah!
HELL YEAH
Now that was a great drive.
That sequence of plays seemed too easy
Finally a connection on a deep ball and a follow-up TD.  Time to school this rook and show him how it's done.
Here we go Steelers!!
Well that was a mistake
 Why not just go for the xp lol
I wonder how Burrow will be when he’s going in the direction of the wind
Lol
"Anyone else notice it was Josh Dobbs asking questions and working with Ben there?

I know its a quick glimpse with little other information."
Can someone explain to me why Mondeaux is on the kick return unit?
He slipped oof
"Anyone have a link to watch the game?
I have a subscription for CBS sports, NFL, ESPN, and Fubo.. none of them are letting me watch the game."
The penalty is. PShhhhhhhffffffshhhhsnd
don’t you dare scrap with 97
Won't shut the fuck up about the lack of a Bengals first down until they get a first down.
HAIL
Is it just me or do our games always feel so much longer than other teams?
I missed it. What happened to Claypool?
this defense came to play
LETS GOOOFIIOIIIIIISKAWKISAKNSJDWJN
MY BALL BITCH
That was a long ass first quarter
That was fucking beautiful. Another.
Let's goooooo
They didn't earn the name Bungles by accident.
Fumble! Steelers recover
Fuck yeah!
The Bengals are shit.
Definitley don't recover the ball the run towards the bengals goal. You'll end up on Come On Man
Abused
CAM!!!
LETS FUCKING GO!
The old Cincinnati Dropsies
This defense is going to win is a super bowl
Hell yah Sutton! Earning that playtime with big plays after big play.
Can we just run some power right at them?
Beautiful cross body throw from Ben there
Anyone have a picture of Ripped Roethlisberger the broadcast is using?
"Ben just pulled the entire defense with him, that was great. He knew he was going to Washington the whole time."
Why didn’t we just do a 3 yard out with Johnson that play? It was wide open
Steelers are mucking the game up... and I love it!
I hate going 5 wide there and giving away that it’s a pass on 3rd and 2.  Would have preferred a fake end around or a shovel pass or something.
"I love Perine. He's the cousin of the one on the Niners.

That's my QB."
Nice defense
We’re winning the game but it feels like we’re losing the battle in the trenches.
Jesus
Burnt toast
Rushing three is not working
Can someone explain how that was not our ball? The fumble
"Maybe that will wake up the offense. We need to score and then get a couple sacks before half. 
We need to dominate and then not let up."
Well that’s the most arbitrary bullshit I’ve ever heard
Let’s get a third down conversion.
Let’s go!
Finally converted as third down
Oof if that was any lower that could’ve been a tuddy
[deleted]
Johnson is by far the worst player I’ve seen once he catches the ball. He never knows what to do with it lol
They going after Ben’s knees? Same old dirty bengals.
Steelers now entering the Heinz Red Zone
Imagine the stats Claypool would have without defensive pass interference
"I hate that rule fr, it’s so weak"
I saw the season flash before my eyes on that one
Can’t be touching Ben like that
"Flag on the play, gotta hold that guy cause he'll burn you."
Great route there
Claypool loves shit talking 😂
They’ve seen that end around a few too many times on film
Ya love to hear it
"Goddammit, come on."
Ben's a little shifty in the pocket
Finally
Disgusting
What a shocker
Winners keep winning
Big drive.
The Bengals came off a bye week but they look really unprepared for some reason
Can’t wait until we end the sack streak against the Bengals of all teams
3rd and long.  My butthole is clenched.
And the streak continues
Finally
get a body on burrow......he  needs to get smacked around a bit back there
Get to burrow
Sack streak In tact boys!
DEFENSE!!!!!!
The disrespect to Baker lmao
Kings of the North!!!!!!!!!!
What a catch. God damned.
Damnit Ben. Receivers are getting open every play.
BEN IN BEN MODE
"It's only the 2nd quarter?

Crap. Guess it's because it's dark, now."
I haven't seen anyone hit in stride like that in a long time
"Can we get a run in right here lol, switch it up"
Did we score? I can only find the game on fox but I don’t have that 😔
How many drops have we had today
We have to many AWESOME WRs to try and double the best
Ebron was moving there. Lol
D  ... ONtae!!!
Ben is cooking now
Oh my God let this offense look like this every minute of every game
YES JOHNSON RAN STRAIGHT
"Well, my earlier prediction for a low passing yard game is going up in smoke. Fine with me!"
Starting to think they need to put Snell in for Connor
"Might as well keep passing, Ben’s already on pace for over 500 yards"
Run snell up the middle I don’t care just stop using Connor
Trying to get Conner going disrupts the flow of the offense.
Can’t be the o line with half the pedigree and minus an amazing coach letting defenders push them back 4 yards. Yeah Conner sucks cut him at halftime.
We had a jet sweep work once and well maybe that's it for that
Looked way more like a pick from the first view
There u go boz
What a wasted possession: going back to an outside run play when it hasn’t been working ALL game. Wow
 Couldn’t we have had Jessie bates? Dude is nice
3rd and 15 throw it to the line. Nice
"Hell yeah, now we're three scores up!"
3rd&15? Throw it 8 yards! That’ll get em
"All you complain about the screen, WRs are good enough to make that play. Also don't want to risk a TO"
I really hope we start running it up the middle more in the second half. They seem to be on top of the outside runs so far
Anyone know if Avery is getting any burn yet? Special teams maybe?
Yeah that would be exciting if they are playing golf
Holding?
That Buffalo punt was so bad lmao
here ya go gio lemme help you with that 1st
Vince just HIT joe lol
Is it still halftime ??
Has williamson played played at all?
Close to a block there
"One thing about PI. It’s weird to see, often, when a player doesn’t get called but only blocks with one arm. How the hell do you land? Just on your face?"
Go forward
Where is everyone demanding we run to the middle?
Derek Watt sighting
The outside runs are horrible
That was a sick throw by Tua
Omg Berry got dem hairy legs
"woulda been cool to have an eight yard gain on either of the first two downs, huh lol"
Special teams has been great so far
Conner has been bad but the O-line has sucked in run blocking also the last 3 weeks. Only road grater we have is Dotson.
"As stupid as these slinky apple ads are, still better than ""what's a computer?"""
It’s brilliant being undefeated but with the way we call offense I can’t see us going all the way unfortunately.. Randy really is below average. Good teams will figure us out.
Ow
that punt just bought Danny Smith 5 more years of job security didn't it
"I just wanna trust me, I wanna see MacFarland as much as anyone, or at least snell, but AM is out with an illness for this game as a last minute scratch."
d doing it on third downs
Nahhhhhh
This kinda play should be a catch imo but the way the rules are it will prolly not be
I think that’s incomplete
Not fully in control of the FB and i didn't see an angle showing he got that second foot in for sure. I think this stands
"Feet were in, but I'd like to see another replay where we can see if he controls the ball through the completion of the play"
No inconclusive evidence
"50/50 with time of full possession, subjective but idk if enough to overturn. That’s how most these calls go."
"Ball is moving too much, gotta stay incomplete I'd think"
"If overturned, it will be the Bengals first third down conversion of the game."
I don’t think he maintained possession of it
I think he got both feet in but the ball was jiggling around.
"His knee looked broken, looked so weird."
But did he have control? Honest question because at this point I have no idea what a catch is and what isn’t.
What happened
Looked like a Bungle punched McCloud in the face when he was on the ground.
Theyre gonna bitch about refs after the game
Again with the outside runs
Forward progress
Anyone counting the number of drops today??
Yo that ball came out like a rocket wtf
My boy Clay
Why doesn’t this team throw down the field more?
This game has had some weird play-calling. Like so many sweeps lol.
New set of downs and a new opportunity to try and establish the run baby!
Ok I think they have an eye on Claypool.  Just run Conner.
Good shit CC
Keep passing
Claypool lookin' slick with that snag.
Why is the running game not working?
So this Claypool guy is a pretty ok dude.
That was a pretty pass.
EBRON
Not Ebron!
Ebron is a beast man
Can our receivers catch the god damn ball please ffs
Wow.
Ebronatron
Does Claypool remind anyone else of Santanio Holmes
Ebron back in. All good
Ben usually drills that throw
I think Ebron landing on the defender helped him not possibly get injured... ankle might have came down sketchy if he didn't bounce on top of him.  Just the wind knocked out
We need to chew clock.
3rd and 2 is our diciest situation how do we not have a solid play for these situations?
"Come on, Ben, no more overthrows"
That throw LOL
I love backyard ben
Has the camera work been absolute crap this game or am I just getting old and need a bigger tv? (Not mutually exclusive)
That was going to juju all the way
FIRST DOWN JUJU!
CONNOR BACK FROM THR DEAS
Connor with room finally
JC haters in shambles
My butthole itches
There’s the Run.
Hells yes
yooooooo
Mapletron (:
i love u chase
Holy moly whatta throw
🍁
"Oof, knew I should have started Ben instead of Russ."
I'm still clenching my asscheeks so hard I'll shit diamonds laters.
oh boy are they gonna do that again lol
There’s zero pressure on Ben.
I’ll take any positive play no matter how small
Gotta turn around on that shit.
Eh kind of a weak PI call
What a pitiful DPI 😂
Take Ben out pleaseeeee
"Yep, that's dpi"
Jaden use having a game.
Should be another PI
Our offensive line has been amazing in pass blocking today. It's strange that we haven't been able to run.
Lol they should’ve declined it. Ben bout to pick this up
LETS GO OFFENSE
Good coverage are smoking something that was just overthrown
Atta boy betry
Yikes Bince!
Classic Berry punt.
Vince Williams is a man.
Alright I take what I said about Berry back
Vinny is good for one of those a game. Absolute menace.
I like all the targets to Claypool even though a lot of them haven’t connected. It will pay off later in the season. Claypool is weapon.
Defense is on one today. I fucking love it
The defense is just beating down on them. Beautiful
This D is swarming!
Cam Sutton boi
Ben looking like a Jojo character in that graphic
tf is yelling lol
One of these times
What's Ben talking about?
When is juju’s contract up? I’d hate to see him go
Gotttaaaaaa have thattttt
That says all I need to know about the run game.  It’s reached an Arians level bad I thought wasn’t possible again.
Great punt!
Safety please...
Berry!!!!
Bro berry drives me nuts lol
Coulda been down at the 1 if he let it roll a bit more wtf TJ wants a safety
Push em back!!!
Blitz time
"I know we’ve been struggling with the run game, but it’s 3rd and 1 and you’re up by 3 scores."
[deleted]
Good stop Bud! Block the damn punt
"A.J. Green 4 targets 0 catches.  Must really be thinking, why do I want to stay here."
"For the ninth time, Mrs. Bueller."
I was really feeling a hold in the endzone for a safety there... but I guess i'll accept a punt
There's Bud!
3rd down defense has been phenomenal today
Good read Bud
3 and out! 3 and out!
ROBBED
LETS FO OFFENSE
Giving them a redo huh refs
Can we take Ben out now so he doesn't get hurt?
I fucking love Ray Ray
Ray ray is that dude
Ray Ray has gotten so close to housing one of these bitches
I can't put into words how much I love this team 💛🖤💛🖤
Amazing patience! I so badly want him to take it to the house!
"Ray Ray ""All Pro"" McCloud"
Fuck thought ray ray had it all the way
LETS GO OFFENSE
That vision/timing. McCloud is here to stay!!
Ok boys time to take Ben out we won.
Ben wants to give Washington his TD to complete the infinity gauntlet.
THERE IS ALWAYS A FREE DEFENDER UNBLOCKED EVERY RUN PLAY. SHEESH
JUJU WONDERFUL EFFORT
44 is a poor blocker
"I’ll never understand why teams choose to punt in situations like that. Sure you’re backed into your own end zone, but kicking the ball away takes you out of the territory where even a miracle can save you. And a loss is still a loss whether it’s by 3 scores or 4."
I am prepared to miss Juju and Bud like a mf after we deliver them their rings
What's the finger sniff thing juju keeps doing?
Mason getting ready?
"I take a shot very td, and 2 rolling rocks per quarter. Pls... my liver"
"I hate to say it, but I don’t think Derek watt is on this team next year. I can’t remember one play that he’s made. Maybe he’s just been hurt"
Okay can we bench Ben now? Games over
Ok..now I feel like I can relax..kinda
End around lol
Hey. Sfinchter. Outside. Runs. Are. Not. Working.
M A P L E T R O N
CHA$E MONEY TD NO 2
Maple!!!
"Did DJ get hurt again? Dude was a vacuum first half, but not a single catch in the second"
Too easy!
Maybe now Colin Cowherd won't have an excuse about us not blowing out a team this year.
Bengals just running down the clock.
Highsmith played pretty well in that series
BUD!!!!
LETS GO DEFENSE
"Caught sleeping, twice."
ROBO!
Someone got turned around so hard it was actually pretty funny.
Number 9 in shambles
So what game do we break the sack record in this year?
Commentator cursed him into getting a sack
Bend dont break Defense
Gonna go watch the rocket launch. More interesting than this beat down. GG gentlemen.
Quick shout out to the astronauts.
Oh god. Mason lmao
9-0 baby you love to see it
Is it too late to trade for a RB?
[deleted]
My balls smell
We need to bench Conner. Dude kills momentum anytime he runs the ball
Burrows a stud
I’m so sick of James Conner
Have we played a good team yet this year?
PUT IN DUCK
Time to find out which offensive player is going to be scapegoat to blame instead of Ben today!
Sorry if I missed it din Ben totally miss a wide open reciver by throwing it out of bounds at our first drive.
Did we plan on using jaylen samuels at all this year
This play-calling is pure fucking GARBAGE. I am so sick of seeing this crap every week.
"Marcus Allen: he's not good, folks."
"Too much wind. Old QB can’t throw, especially the deep ball. Got it."
"This offense only works with 5 receivers or 4 receivers and 1 TE (00/01). 

Not a winning formula long term."
We’re dominating the game statistically but struggling. Not surprised this is what happens when you don’t assert yourselves lmao
We have the worst schematics in football.
No late hit call on Ben??
"Hey what do you know, we abandon our shit running game and good things happen. We need a new back. Great throw Ben"
"I swear to christ, this team can't score a touchdown on second and goal? Ever? Why do we always have to wait for third and goal to score touchdowns? How can an 8-0 team be leading by only double digits in the first half? Has any team that's won the super bowl ever not been up by triple digits at all times for the entirety of a season? James Conner needs to stop doing ballet in the backfield and learn an honest trade like plumbing. Why hasn't he signed up for a technical course at itt tech? What kind of a world are even living in? Can we please just crucify Randy Fichtner on a cross of burning i beams like a normal nfl team, even if jet fuel won't melt steel? Why hasn't he been strangled with Butler's entrails yet? My pappy's steelers never would have put up with this namby pamby murmble splurtz hlarble sorry had a stroke. Fahr Tomlin."
I love Connor but he's been bad today
Conner stinks wow
This defense has given up 40 yards to Burrow in 45 seconds.
Alright boys we just need to keep it up through the second half and we’re 9-0
Does the fact we’re only up 15 and Cincy has the ball scare anyone ? We’re out playing them (minus our offense being inconsistent) and we’re only up 15...
[deleted]
Ben looks way off
Bens deep ball is fucking gone
Ben missing wide open receivers on deep routes is bad
Let's go! Berry's deep ball is better than ben's!
Conner needs to stop trying to be cute
"Once again, horrible deep ball on 3rd down"
[deleted]
For a second I thought she said Big Ben was putting his arm in a sling and I wanted to vomit.
"Burrow had all day to throw there, but at least the coverage was good"
Damn DJ just go upfield
Calling an ass game on offense. When will it change?
Why do AFCN games always have such sloppy weather
DJ trying to cost us the game here
Also did not expect this much Brooks exposure. I like it
You guys should have seen the UFOs flying around my neighborhood.  Turns out it was just airborne trash cans with this nutty wind.
Anyone in pittsburgh getting the game??? It’s not on Fox 53
Of course a field goal
Field goal after field goal after field goal doesn’t win Super Bowls
Ben has to learn to get the first down and yards instead of going for the home run play on 3rd down 
"Why did we get dobbs if we aren’t going to use him, he’s 30x better than rudolf"
that little shove out of bounds was a penalty vs the ratbirds.
Jesus take the damn point
"Steve Nelson, second greatest free agent in Steelers history (behind James Farrior)"
well that's fucking inexcusable
"Nice, Watt in coverage"
This is going to be like that KC playoff game in 2016 isn’t it?
This game is being streamed on NFL.com
So when will the offense ever become consistent? It’s just hard to watch and they make the same mistakes every game it seems. Almost feels like the good record is covering some bad offense.
Ooof.  Our playcalling.  I just don't know...
Cam Sutton is crazy underrated
Why does it seem like James Connor runs backwards everytime he gets the ball
"I love Conner, but he needs to know that speed isn’t his game. Don’t know if it’s the scheme or if it’s Conner deciding to bounce it out, but something about that needs to change"
Off topic but does anyone have a ps5 digital edition just laying around that they’d like to sell?
"C'mon - let's get _another_ 3.

<sigh>"
Yea let’s just give them the underneath and let them keep driving lmao
Our offense fucking stinks and is inconsistent
Berry can boom it. No consistency though.
"Imagine almost losing to the Cowboys because we were looking ahead to THIS game, then still not having a game plan."
This one is interesting. I'd say catch
I am getting that Steeler late game anxiety again...
How about running it up the gut with Connor?
We really needed that bye
Don’t run the ball ever again.  Ever.
Man we keeping getting these plays where the is almost an absolute sick catch
They donated a touchdown to the Make Claypool Seem Useless With Running Plays Fund
"So, when do we get away from Connor?  He has no explosion, when he goes laterally, you just know he's going down behind the line, he has no juke... he's killing us a bit on the ground, right?"
Please take Ben out.
If they score another TD put Dobbs in lol
"looked like claypool stopped running, gotta run those out"
Calling a safety here.
Lets get a safety here fellas
"Switzer would have housed that 

/s"
"Run, run.....anyone wanna help me out with the next play?"
Let’s see what Dobbs can do!
"Rudolph is one, this going to get close"
Why does Ben love dionte so much. He is so targeted all the time. He ain’t Antonio brown.
Ben sucks asshole right now
Conner is sooooo bad lmao
No disrespect at all but... Is it just me or does Juju look like a rag doll every time he gets hit?
We aren’t a very good 8-0 team lol
"That's well deserved. Without those bad turnovers, Bengals would be up already. No surprise none of the elite teams are really afraid of the Steelers."
"And this sub already on the Randy hate. Playcalling was fine, execution wasn't good."
Just a wild Idea but Moss from bills would be a nice fit for steelers.
Is that Ryan Shazier talking to Ben?
Picking us apart.
Let’s see how fast rudolf and throw the game
Ahh yes the throw it deep on third and manageable. That works all the time /s
[deleted]
Well this is where our defense gives up a field goal or TD isnt it
Wish we could have a slightly better offense.
damn claypool drops a lot of passes
Who’s fucking idea was it to throw short on a 3rd and really long?
Villanueva is ass idc what stats you throw at me
"He didn't put his arms around Ben until AFTER he threw it, how is that not roughing the passer?!"
"AJ Green is one of the most injury prone players that I've ever seen. I have to give him credit, he's made way more money sitting on his couch than even the laziest of trust fund babies."
Conner is not starting RB material. Ben is having another dud. Game should be over already
we won‘t sniff a SB with this run game sadly
Put Dobbs in. Not Rudolph
"Man, our offense SUCKS"
People really think I literally mean we’re not an 8-0 team... we barely beat the Cowboys and are struggling with the Bungles
#Sit Ben
Tomlin can’t be that good of a coach if he keeps running it like this
"I have a bad feeling boys

Guys please don’t be mean to me or I’ll kill my self"
The fuck?? Why a deep shot. Dipshit OC
Atta Boyd.
Our offense is so fucking ass
[deleted]
Rudolph> ben
5 yards on a first down run? Let’s throw it twice and punt
Can we get rid of the play by play here?  It’s like 5 plays behind.
"How was that not a safety when the Bengals player touched the ball before it went into the endzone and then never fully recovered possession to properly down it before getting tackled in the endzone? By rule, isn’t that technically a fumble into the endzone recovered by the Bengals?"
Run the damn ball please
Can we get a first down please
Have we been able to run the ball at any point this season?
Aiden Tate is a big receiver
"I hope I’m wrong. But I have a feeling Burrow is about to unleash and start throwing bombs, Offense needs to capitalize on all these given opportunities. Rotate these damn Running backs!"
Just kick the field goal now lmao
We should start Rudolph until half then Ben comes on the second half after learning the ways of the defense and wreck them
Jesus christ that was abysmal
Throwing behind the line of scrimmage 😍😍
Ah shit. That was targeted
Anyone know where you can watch this online?
Need stickum for the bottom of Conors shoes
This playcalling makes me want to turn the game off sometimes
"I watch a lot of other games, we might be the worst running team in the league."
Hold up we passed on 1st and we moved forward?!?! Wooooooow Randy!!
That was complete
Is it just me or are the Bengals defense all trying to go low and hit knees?
Should we just put in rudolph or dobbs now?
"Well, guess that’s what we get for being asscheeks at running the ball."
"Hey... Randy... that play you just called.  3 yards on first down as a rush is not a bad thing.  Now, if you get another 3 on a rush or a short throw, you aren't having a 3rd and 9+ like you do half the time with your outside zone run shit"
TAKE EM DOWN AGAIN BOYS
Is this the worst 8-0 team ever? They're not convincing at all. I'm sorry but one blowout isn't enough to convince me when you can't break away. I realize the Bengals are better than their record but what the hell was that egg that the defense just laid?
stupid 2 point conversion and now a stupid fucking injury what the fuck
"And here comes another field goal.

Fuck this."
"7 minutes left, the way this game has been going it might be enough time for the Bengals to claw their way back in."
What should I play today? My series x or my ps5?
GIO!
Wait till we face a good defense lmao we’re gonna have to win like 9-6 or something cause we ain’t winning no shoot out
Is there a worse running back than Conner?
"I have this creeping suspicion that Diontae is Limas Sweed 2.0. Slightly improved, but still very mediocre hands"
Ben having 0 mobility. Not having the long ball anymore is fucking hurting us really.
My butthole itches
"okay, this is where they start driving down the field on us really easily. its hard to watch but we just gotta hang on"
I love McCloud but he really should do some speed training this offseason
Offensive line is the worst in the league. The Steelers aren’t winning the Super Bowl because of it. They are getting blown off the ball.
"Bud and TJ are being so unproductive out here. 

Is a little pass rush too much to ask from “the best duo in the league”

Edit: nice"
can we please get rid of Randy and just let Ben call his own plays
Why does everyone hate Vilma? I perfer this over Romo being a prick
[removed]
JuJu drops a lot of balls for being a WR1
[removed]
Lmao we’re not an 8-0 team as I been saying
[deleted]
I hope burrow is out forever. Dudes garbo i could knock him out
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
[removed]
n f l b i t e
Sportsurge always works great for me
i thought this said screaming and that you were screaming at the state of Wisconsin for not broadcasting the game
"Watching the TV media, why does no one discuss the Steelers being the only undefeated team? Instead the are talking about rookie QBs that have only won 2 games, or Tom Brady and Antonio Brown living together.
I guess it is true - ""they hate us cuz they ain't us"".

*EDIT* OK, I must be watching the wrong shows because it seems like I am the only one not seeing any discussion on them."
"Selective hearing.  In the two pregame shows I listened to this morning, the Steelers were easily the single most discussed team."
"I'm fine without the Media distractions

When the media pays attention to us,, Its like a cancer in the locker room."
"They are talking.

But

They would love to do nothing but talk about Mahomes or Jackson."
"8-0 is like the only thing to talk about, they aren't particularly exciting or interesting"
"Most times they talk shit about us, the media doesnt like Pittsburgh."
I feel like we are the only team that is talked about in every pregame show...
"I live in Australia and I have heard three Australian stations talk about this week’s game. 

They don’t even call it football, but, I have seen three Australian sports announcers struggle with pronouncing Roethlisberger."
"You obviously aren’t *actually* watching or listening. They’re mentioned all the time.

Side note, why do you even care? The attention is completely unnecessary."
Let them talk about it after a Championship.  Anything else is masturbation.
[deleted]
"I’m on the West Coast and can’t find the game anywhere :’( 

Fubo, Hulu, Fox- nada. 

Would appreciate any help 🙏🏻"
Nflbite
""
Where did you find a Watt bumblebee!!?? I’ve looked everywhere
"I love the bumblebee jerseys.

I also love how much they irk some folks. Lol"
I got my Block Letter Watt throwback today too!
90...9-0
"That’s beautiful! I managed to snag a Watt color rush jersey a few weeks ago, but I’m dying to grab this one!"
""
This but unironically
Suuuuper low-key. Like... No key funny
"Tomlin should get coach of the year, ben should get come back. Those two are facts and then tj should get defense player of the year"
[deleted]
He never brought the ball out. Ball has to come out then go back for a safety
Damn you beat me to it lol. I have no clue
Why didn’t we get a safety? The ball hit the return man in play and then went backwards into the end zone and got tackled
"When the ball touched him it was live, but he didn’t have possession. If he would’ve ran back into the end zone from the field of play it would’ve been a safety."
Same
I thought the same thing.
He gave himself up. When you do that the refs can call it.
No possession so no safety
""
""
Where is the mapletron shirt from?
I love Steel City shirts!
that mapletron font tho lol
Steel City has some of the greatest shirts for the Steelers and Pirates.
Need the mapletron shirt lol.
DEEeeEEEeecent!
I love that Immaculate Reception shirt
[removed]
Sportsurge my dude.
Crackstreams.com
"The same sites that people post the other 30 times this exact question is asked every single weekend. 

Use the search function, people. This shit is not hard or even remotely complicated."
I predict Ben won't get sacked much today.  The defensive backs will rather defend their immune systems than chance getting close to Ben and get Covid.
When he fell on his elbow just now I felt my blood pressure skyrocket
Good prediction
That was a dumb decision to go for it. Just take the fucking field goal coach. Claypool better be okay
"I understand you’re upset that Claypool got injured on the play, but how was it a dumb decision lol"
No it wasn't. Would have put them up by 2 TDs
"would put us up by 2TD, but if we dont convert its still 2 scores worth"
"Lol at take a field goal. It's an extra point, noob."
"Grand scheme of things, a 12 point lead and a 13 point lead are similar enough to call that a wash. The important number is 14 to get two full touchdowns ahead. Going for it in that situation is probably a good call, however the okay called to go for it was bad. Never throw a fade when you only have one down."
Not a dumb decision at all.
[deleted]
""
"That’s just the color of their Caucasian models, as you can tell from CMC and Aaron Rodgers being the same color. The 5 o’clock shadow also makes his figure appear darker imo"
"Thats a 5 o’clock shadow on his face, dummy."
What do you have against being black?
They want to blame Ben for doing Black Face
""
Ow my tongue. Perfect temperature
Fuck those look good
[deleted]
Poor them
""
Pretty funny post actually
""
"Power outage happened soon as the game started in pittsburgh. Can anyone send me a link to stream on my phone?

Go Steelers!"
sportsurge
Nflbite
Sample these balls
"Google Crackstreams 
I live in NZ and have to stream every game only one AD and is HD"
http://crackstreams.com/nfl-streams/11/
[deleted]
No offense but these are starting to get just as bad as the originals
""
Just get a Sharpie and cross the name out
"Bruh how is Steeler AB trash? Triple B will always be a favorite of mine, no matter what they went through."
I know he’s a super asshole. But he really is the best Steelers WR in franchise history and it’s not close
Where do you get these ornaments? I wanna get a couple
"Just put it on your tree, but hang it upside down and put it in the back lol"
Doing it kinda early?
""
Same here bro! 9-0 make me feel a bit better
That was me too today buddy. Stay strong
"Go Steelers, but that’s not great use of PPE’s.  Ur rubbing ur face and Steelers gear with ur gloves..."
Cuz that mf been some shit these last couple of weeks...
Connor isn't the issue
"Offensive Line isn't creating any holes, which makes it difficult for a running back like Conor to get going."
Offensive line can't seem to run block this season. We rely too much on outside runs (which Conner is never suited for) because of it. Gotta learn to run up the gut
We can‘t run against one of the worst rush defenses yikes
"If we could block the rush, maybe"
"The line and play calling are the problems.  O-line aren't creating any holes and Fichtner is calling way too many run plays to the outside for negative yardage.  Bringing in Snell, you run the risk of a fumble."
"The rest of our backs are really ...meh.

They've been trying to sweep Claypool, and even he gets stuffed almost immediately. The backs aren't the problem, lack of standout talent aside."
Snell seems more explosive to me
""
[deleted]
Did you realize that we are leading with 22 points?
Stop bitching around
"The score is 29-7, the team is 8-0 and averaging over 25 pts a game......come on...."
What an exaggeration.
"Granted Conner is a solid running back, but we need another guy in the backfield it’s like watching the tin man run the ball😐"
It’s because they aren’t calling runs that let him get downhill or they just aren’t getting the push. We’ve seen what he does when they get push and he isn’t required to dance around
Need a new ~~rb~~ line
Conner is good when he can run downhill.  He hasn't had that chance this game.
"Also mcfarland is out with illness.
Mostly just don't think it's in the game plan right now. And why should it be?"
We have solid RBs. Snell and samuels should be given a chance at least.
""
"Still haven't pulled the trigger on a jersey, but Bettis is the only one I'd buy. Maybe if we win another ring I will."
"Niiiice!  Love the necklace, can’t remember what it’s called but I know it is used to put a curse on opposing teams"
My heart hasn’t raced in the last 2 and a half hours and we have a big lead
Tomlin is giving you a week off because Steelers at Jags is going to kill at least 15% of the fanbase
We're just using one of the two annual easy games we're allowed today.
This score is...boring lol
That's what happens when you play the Bungles. No worries.
somethings_wrong_i_can_feel_it.jpg
Something wrong...I hold my head
It’s probably because you haven’t been able to post a “fire Tomlin” post this season...
We get 3 or 4 easy games a year (browns and bengals)
Why is it always Ohio teams that give us an easy game?
"We had the 31st easiest schedule in the league before the year. I think honestly it got easier.

But hey, we here doing it baby."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Love to see every skill position player supporting each other no matter who scored or makes the play. Especially seeing JuJu and Conner picking players up, running to celebrate, hyped off others big plays. Such positive vibes right now. That's all!"
It’s nice not having a toxic turd like AB in the locker room.
"I’m happy we’re dominating the Bengals (at least on the scoreboard) but I don’t find myself excited about it.  It feels like cheering someone on while they beat a helpless puppy.  An ugly stupid puppy but a puppy nonetheless.

Edit:  The downvotes are telling me this sub is crawling with Bengals fans who don’t appreciate my lack of respect for their team or with Steelers fans who don’t appreciate I don’t view the Bengals the same way as they do."
Wtf are you talking about
Nah.  Fuck the Bungles.
"We’re beating an NFL team, a rival, that would have absolute no remorse if the tables were turned."
It’s better than the heart attacks that usually happen on Sunday.
"I'll never get tired of us beating Cincinnati.  That being said though, I'm worried about how far this team can go in the playoffs without a consistent running game.  I mean, Cincinnati has the worst ranked run defense in the league and we can't get anything done at home, mind you.  We've gotta make some adjustments in or running game or we're headed for an early playoff exit."
""
Haha love it
I want a juju jersey he’s my favorite player but I’m waiting to see if he gets an extension
""
Are you aware of how this movie ends lol
Ur missing his MANLY beard
KEVIN!
""
They had it coming tbh....
"“Who Dey think they gonna beat?!?!?!”

🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣"
"The Bengals sub was so full of people talking so much shit all week, guaranteeing a win, fawning over Joe Burrow and how he's going to light up our secondary, dissing our defense as incapable of shutting them down. All those same people are now crying about how their team has no talent, their coach should be fired, they need a new defensive coordinator, the Steelers were hitting Burrow late, and the refs favored Pittsburgh. I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm always grateful that I'm not a Cincinnati Bengals fan, just especially today.

Edit: I just saw a stat that the Bengals are 0-17-1 in their last 18 road games. Let that sink in for a minute."
I saw that post. The proceeds from the Myron Cope terrible towel go to educating those with disabilities. Why would they disrespect something their team desperately  needs?
"There a Wikipedia page documenting this.


Why do other fan bases even try it? It's yinzer voodoo"
"Myron Cope was… very disappointed.

Thus, he let down a plague of Chase Claypool."
Disrespect the towel. Then you get chocked out by the towel
ENCROACHMENT
""
I mean I’d hope Claypool isn’t Bryant bc I’d like to see him succeed for longer than a year
lol that’s sammie coates replacement not minds take it how you want to I am back
Bryant just upset that Claypool is from the land of legal weed
Yeah I bet he runs real fuckin fast sitting on that couch every Sunday
Claypool can smoke past the edge on those handoffs but nobody smokes the blunt like MB
"Maybe faster than anyone on that team to destroy what could have been a great career.  


We always still wanted you though, bro. And we just hoped that you’d be able to overcome your challenges have success .  BIG FACTS"
Who?
"Bryant may be faster than most, if not all of the team. However, he’s also the fastest to serve a bunch of suspensions for that ganja."
"When you're the best football player on the team in high school and college, you can get away with breaking the rules and being an asshole. When you're only near the top of an NFL team the leniency starts to fade."
Bryant doesn’t even know what day it is. Too much bong resin on the brain.
Can he be allowed back?
Why is the quote being reposted at the end of the game?
"its not a foot race, ya goof"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
it’s crazy that our vet in the group is 23 lmao
"""Playmakers make plays"", what can I say?"
Mr. Big ~~Chest~~ Catch(es)
when ever i see 3rd i just look at juju running his route cause ik it’s goin to him
Let's not compare him to clowns please
Glad to have a solid game with no high emotion changes
I came here to post about this too! A breath of fresh air..
""
It both looks like and is not unexpected that the Bengals have negative seven points.
When your opponent has a physical disability preventing them from converting on third down:
"Honestly I love what I’m seeing but the run game concerns me. I was not a huge fan when they were up big in this game and still did empty packages instead of practicing their run plays. If we want to go deep, then the backfield needs to be a bigger factor then it currently is. I’m sure they’ll figure it out, but I want to see it happen."
Anyone have a gif of them dancing on the sideline in 4th quarter? Also 9-0! Let’s gooooo
I need this as well
https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jux72e/current_mood/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
""
""
Saw it from my back yard! It was a great day haha
I am honestly glad that the launch was more exciting than the end of the game...
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Edit: Make that 67-35-1.
""
That'd be a little creepy if it was a stranger.
I’m glad to see my husband isn’t the only one who does this during Steelers games!😂
*A wild yinzer appears*
A keeper
My husband did the same thing lmao
Tree up?
"Not much to say. Glad to see Mason going out for clean up!

Here we go!!! 9-0"
""
"I'm a simple woman. I see the Tomlin face, I upvote."
"#E N C R O A C H M E N T

Edit: TIL we have this flair."
"I love that this is posted every week. Can't wait for this image to get 20k upvotes with the title ""TFW you win the Superbowl"" in a couple months!"
You know fans of that poverty franchise were waiting to say they snapped the Steelers streak lol
Claypool reminds me so much of Hines Ward with his attitude and work ethic and I love it!
"Friendly reminder that we also won ten straight against the bengals
Haven’t lost to them since 11-01-2015
And are currently 19-3 against them in the last decade"
and the ravens just lost!
One day people are going to talk about Tomlin the way they talk about Landry and Lombardi.
We play anybody yet? /s
Who ride?
At this point we’re guaranteed playoffs right?
This is the face I made when I went over to check out the Bengals sub a few minutes ago. It's... really entertaining.
I waited on him once! He was in East Lansing @ MSU scouting the football players and he was a joy.
Tfw the last Super Bowl the steelers won was in Raymond James Stadium and super bowl 55 is being held in Raymond James stadium
"They pulled the wool over our eyes on a fake punt, enabling their franchise quarterback to get injured for the sake of 3 points that didn't matter.

Also they disrespected the Terrible Towel.

Dumb idiots."
"Just speaks to the immaturity of their young coaching staff.

Regardless of record, I know I wouldn’t be giving tape of a fake punt to other teams when the attempt doesn’t make any difference in this game."
Don't celebrate injuries you douche
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Like how McAfee pronounces Palamalu?
Seriously it’s not hard and it’s so annoying
"AL OOOO AL OOOO
Why is it so FUCKING HARD for these announcers"
 Ah-lah-mah-LOO?
" ♪ ♫  Ah-Loo ah -LOO  
*-- it's Alualu --*  
Ah-Loo ah -LOO ♪ ♫"
""
A little bit earl...9-0!!!!!!
Here we go!!!
Love those block numbers
See what you did there. LETS GOO
I love this man
"Listening to local radio here in Kentucky, got the local Cincinnati radio sports announcers on. Mason Rudolph came in and they bring up that he was involved in the helmet incident last year with Myles Garrett, and said, “not a direct hit to the head”. Revisionist history trash."
I hate the fact that the color commentator actively cheers during the game with his mic on.  I don't blame him for cheering on his team but at times I have trouble hearing play by play due to him.
They also ended the game saying that they knew Ben would come into the week like John Wayne the drama queen complaining about his knees and throw 400/4TDs. And they were right about his 4 touchdowns. Like what??
"I remember from clips in 2005 how they would cheer over zealously for Rudin Johnson.

RUDYYYYYYY YEAAAAAAA GO RUDYYYYYYYY"
[deleted]
"A LOT of people were picking the Bungles to upset. I stopped watching espn/nfl network halfway through the week because it was messing with my head. I kept thinking ""What am I not seeing!"""
That shook guy picks against us almost every week
""
Watt a time to be alive.
What a time to be a yinzer
Does Robert Golden have like twice the amount of teeth as most people
""
""
[deleted]
Are you not entertained?
My boy Claypool with two more! Juju with one! Dionte with a career day. Wowx3!
That’s incredible
Might have to put this one on a cookie.
Best Stawt in Fwanchise histowy. That's saying a watt.
""
Who is this?
Even this guy has an indoor practice facility.
Don’t say him to come back on the roof maybe this time he jumps....not a great loss for humanity anyway...
""
I'm here
Fuckin cAKe WaLK. These idiot on Twitter. We beat a god damn ⅓ of the NFL fuck off
WHO RIDE??
"Ravens just suffered their third loss, too. Jus sayin'."
[deleted]
[deleted]
"#Cincinnati Bengals at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): FOX

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:18

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Bengals * *|0|7|0|3|10|
|Steelers *|12|10|7|7|36|


Last Play: (:18) (Shotgun) T.Williams right tackle to PIT 33 for 1 yard (R.Spillane).

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|FG|1|(11:28) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|1|(4:53) C.Boswell 30 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|1|(1:54) (No Huddle, Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to D.Johnson for 12 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|TD|2|(10:40) (Shotgun) J.Burrow pass short left to T.Higgins for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|2|R.Bullock extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PIT|TD|2|(7:27) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN [C.Lawson].|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|2|(1:51) C.Boswell 45 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|3|(4:26) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to C.Claypool for 11 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(10:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short right to C.Claypool for 5 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|CIN|FG|4|(5:09) R.Bullock 37 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Bengals | 6 | 65 | 139 | 185 | 16 |
| Steelers | 6 | 45 | 44 | 333 | 22 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
"Yeah... But I mean it took Tomlin 9 games to get to 9-0


Hot seat????????????????????????????"
Expect PETA to raise a stink after 53 men from Pittsburgh just skinned cats on national television.
"Our first relaxing game since Cleveland. How sweet it is. Let’s talk it out: 

Good: 

- Boswell- alls well that ends well, Chris Boswell. Absolute money. 

- Edmunds- I know you guys don’t wanna hear it (again) but he balled out, was all over the field and did a hell of a job tackling the catch and being around the ball. 

- Diontae- the young goat shows up man. This dude is pure electricity and you can see why. Drops are an issue but whew he is dynamic. 

- Berry- looks like all it took was his ass getting cut but he is BACK lmao. Great punts, flipping the field position. Exactly what we’ve needed. 

- Juju- physical. This dude is just physical and will fight you for yards. Not even that but talk about a great teammate, you talk about juju. 

- Chase claypool. Let’s just throw all receivers on this list because we spread the ball and spread the love. Unreal how much of an impact he has had his rookie year, I never would have believed it. 

- TJ. Again it’s cheating having him on this list. But fuck you Myles Garrett, this man is DPOY and you can see why. Clean stunts, constant pressure. I look forward to the day we give him a blank check. 

- Uncle Joey. Goddamn talk about pass breakups! What a game from the seasoned vet man. Not getting anywhere on him and truly had his own island. 

- 01 offense. (4 WR, 1 TE) This is our passing package where Ben calls the digs aka our most successful package. Truly cannot he stopped. Of course there’s a downside but does it have long term success? I do not know. I’m not one to cry about balance, but any semblance of a run game would be appreciated. Regardless, Ben is fhat dude. 

- Ben. Hey speak of the devil. Give my man CPOY, AFC POW, and MVP while you’re at it. Nuff said. Put some respect on 7’s name. 

- Sutton- this man is playing his way to a PAY DAY and we can see why. What a stud. 

Bad:

- Third down O. Gotta be better. Conversions need to hit. No way around it. Crucial to keep these drives going and defense getting some rest. We’ve been decent this year but fell short, needed to be better today. 

- Run game/OL. Fuck. I need another watch but what’s the answer? Where’s the shortcomings? We cannot run against DAL and CIN? that is VERT concerning and should not be the case. Gotta figure this out. Spoiler: it’s not JC that’s the problem. 

For all the lurking bungle fans....We dey 

Ben is your daddy

We’re 9-0

WHO RIDE!?!?"
You don’t disrespect the towel...
">Rudolph will come in mid way through the 4th quarter with the Steelers leading by 20+

https://old.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jsw1ve/unpopular_opinions_hot_takes_and_bold_predictions/gc7cham/"
DON’T FUCK WITH THE TOWEL BUNGLES
[deleted]
"Where were u when bungle was kil

I was sit at home eating Primantis when Ben call

We dey 

Yes"
I wear the same shirt for games every week until we lose and I don’t wash it between wins and this shirt is legitimately disgusting and I LOVE IT!
"# 9 AND FUCKING 0!!!!!!!!


# WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"Steelers point differential vs the NFL: +100


Steelers point differential vs the state of Ohio: +57"
"“The Steelers are the worst 8-0 team in history”

Fuck em all, this team is the real deal.  LFG"
"It’s about time we don’t have a heart attack game! 

Ok, easily the biggest negative is our run game, that was very ugly. It got better the second half but we have to be consistent. 


Alright, positives, pretty much everything else! I have to give props to berry, he was fantastic with his punts. 

Big Ben was finally completing his deep ball. Still inaccurate, but it’s getting there praise be. Also, literally every single time Ben gets a bump on his elbow, the network shows a closeup, and it always stresses me out lol. 


Defense was legit, but our run d is still rusty. 


End of the day, we 9-0 HOE!!!!!!!


WHOOOO DEYYYYY?!?!?!"
Juju is life
[deleted]
Joe Haden is a stud
POST THE TOMLIN PIC
Fucking 9-0 let's gooooooo!
"I will say that James Conner is doing an extremely good job of holding on to the football. You can tell that his first priority is ball security. I think he's sacrificing a little speed and some risk in attempt to not give it up. Almost like they sat him down and said ""You don't have to be the reason we win, just don't be the reason we lose."""
"I have worn my bumble bee jersey every week so far and we’re 9-0

Praise be the bumble bee"
Fuck Jonathan Vilma. Worst commentary I've ever heard.
"So good this year, but I think the NFL needs to bubble up soon if they expect to finish this season. I will be SO BUMMED if the season gets cancelled with our team looking like THIS."
9-0 BABYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!
Everything was perfect except the running game
Can't wait to keep being #2 in the power rankings simply because Patrick Mahomes exists.
That was fine.
"In other news, the sun will rise tomorrow."
....BenVP?
All I want for Christmas is a run game
"Passing game - Fire

Defense - Fire

Running game - what the fuck 

Idk what needs to happen but it needs to happen before the thanksgiving game."
Who would win? 3 Heisman QBs or 1 T H I C C BOI
Commentators were ass.
"Ben passed for 333 yards, 4 TDs, no interceptions.  

Nice game."
Feels so nice to not have a heart attack on a Sunday
The goal of the next 7 games is to keep ben healthy
Least cancerous game thread I've seen in a long time. Thank y'all for that
Really fucking hyped but I've had enough time to bask in the win already and can't stop worrying about the damn run game
No complaints here. Solid game. Best team in years
"Thank you, New England...

Now I need a shower."
WHO DEY THING ‘GON BEAT THEM BENGALS?
Boswell is 40/42 since last year.
Get past @Bills and @Colts and this should be VERY interesting!
"Considering that I missed the Brown's game, I can't think of the last time I saw such a stress free game from us"
My 9 year old walked by during the game.  He glanced at the screen and thought we were playing the “bagels”.
[We Dey.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7PbTNds7u8)
"Bengals are a joke.

Welcome to Pittsburgh, Joe!"
Can we get a round of applause for Jordan Berry? 345 yards on 7 punts. Glad to see he got his mojo back.
"We good, boys"
Holy defense I knew they’d play well this game but I didn’t expect this.
I was told Joe Burrow was supposed to be good lol
Requesting big ben wearing a bengal skin cartoon
could you imagine being the buffalo bills lmfao
Now it's time to watch Sunday Night Football and hope for the best case scenario: Gillette Stadium spontaneously combusts.
GOD FUCKING DAMNIT this feels good. WeDey
"The Bengals are terrible, like super terrible. First time I’ve seen Burrow. Not worried if this is who he will be."
2/3 of our divisional matchups were comfortable wins
Bungles fans really thought they would upset us? Lol they clearly haven't been watching football for the past 5 years. STILLERS GO 9-0 LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
We dey
Never thought id say this but...thank you Patriots...^ew
Just here to say Captain Fat Fuck is the Bengals daddy. As it always has and should be.
9-0 BITCHES!!!
"It's so fun to win games like this. I was laughing and having a good time all game. But, I'm changing our nickname from Blitzburg to RunRunPass."
"I don't know if it was
A) the Bengals
B) the o line
C) Conner
D all of the above

But the run game is going to be the reason this team won't win it all. That was a pathetic performance in that aspect, and it needs to be addressed. Conner is not a starting back in this league."
Stopping by to say that I love seeing the Ravens losing to a 3-5 Pats team.
# **BEST START IN FRANCHISE HISTORY**
Steeler running game has been lacking recently after seeming strong early.
"As the weeks go on Big Ben seems more and more comfortable. We really need to focus on this running game. Give the other backs some more touches. 
9-0!!!!!!!!"
That game felt so relaxing and was much needed for me and my health after the last 2 weeks being nail biters - onto Jacksonville it is!!!
"Wasn't pretty early on, but the defense & pass game was just as dominant. Glad Ben looked great after getting hurt last week & not practicing. 9-0 baby!"
WHO DEY THINK GONE BEAT DEM BENGALS???
We needed a nice blowout like this. MY heart just can't take anymore close ones boys.
I think the bengals twitter acc is scared to tweet out the final score lol
The Bengals had 16 first downs. None of those came from third down.
"9-0 and a dominant performance despite a slow start!

Smoking a victory pre-roll when I get home in the morning aw yish!"
"You know that scene in *The Patriot* where Tavington says ""Tell me about... Ohio.""? That's Ben IRL. He owns that state."
"A lovely, stress-free Sunday afternoon!"
Turns out the bengals are not in fact “Dey”
Zac Taylor should be fired for leaving Joe Burrow in to get abused like that when they were losing by 29.
"Here we go, Steelers, here we go!

Pittsburgh Steelers are 9 and 0!!! 

(to the tune of my favorite childhood Steelers Here We Go [chant ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAfHYQyxV08)rendition)"
"""How'd the game go?""

""To shreds you say?"""
The Bengals sub is so pathetic haha all they do is spam FTS and call the Steelers dirty cheaters 😂😂😂
"Imma list my takes for each phase

*SPECIAL TEAMS*

- Shoutout to ST for a bounceback performance after last week. 
- Boz was the money, with his kicks as usual
- Ray Ray had a great game. Set the offense up with great field position and should've scored.  
- Bengals had no space to return. Coverage was great. The FF and Layne with that amazing tackle also.
- Berry had an AWESOME game. I didn't understand why we cut Colquitt at first but I'm so down with the love. 
- SPECIAL TEAMS MVP: Jordan Berry

*OFFENSE*

- Ben Ben Ben. What an absolute gunslinger. Missed a week of practice, came off two injured knees, suffered an elbow injury in game and still threw 300+ yards and 4 TDs two weeks straight. It's crazy that PFF thinks he's holding us back. Obviously deep ball accuracy has to improve but it's gotten better. 
- Wide receivers were fucking awesome today. Everyone got into the action. Diontae finally had a breakout game, and Claypool and Juju were money. These guys are a Top 5 group in the league and you can't change my mind.
- Ebron hasn't been eye popping but man is he reliable, and that one handed catch was a beauty. He's an absolute great locker  presence as well and I'm so glad we signed up. 
- Offensive line was pretty good in pass blocking. Bengals had some pressure but Ben was kept clean most of the game. Run blocking was absolutey horrendous. Every play it felt like the Bengals were already in the backfield when Conner got the ball.
- Run game has sucked. Part of it is run blocking, part of it that Conner doesn't have great vision. It needs to improve. 
- Fichtner is not the issue in this offense. He made some good calls today, but execution was our biggest problem in the first half. 
- OFFENSIVE MVP: Big Ben

*DEFENSE*

- 0-13 on third down. WOW. We need to stay consistent with this.
- Pass defense was mostly great. Haden had a GREAT game. Sutton blew a few coverages but had that absolute money FF. Nelson was pretty good too, and Edmunds and Minkah have quietly been a great safety duo. 
- TJ WATT. He's my DPOY and nothing will change my mind.
- Run defense was a bit better today, it seems like a lot of the run yards came in garbage time, but not having Bush has hurt us quite a bit. Once Alualu starts getting more snaps again it'll hopefully get better.
- Henry Mondeaux. Can we give this man some kudos? He's slowly improved every game and he had a great play where TJ could get the sack. 
- DEFENSIVE MVP: TJ Watt

*Coaching*

- Overall much better this week. Tomlin is COTY this year and nothing will change my mind. 

On to the Jags next week. This game screams trap game, but this year has proven that we don't care about those anymore. LET'S RIDE"
Urinating tree: THE STILLERS ARE GOIN TO THE SUPER BOWWWLLL
more wins like this please. its nice to have a relaxing sunday lol
"Welcome all, to the Big Ben Revenge Tour"
That win was COZY
LETS GO PATS!!!
I like it
Know how there are always post game interviews? Where does one watch those?
Good ass whooping boys. Feels good to stay undefeated another week. But I think it’s time they figured out we are a “pass first to open up the run” type of team. For the second straight week rushing performance was pretty pathetic.
Next week we play for the Kordell photoshop.
seems ben should not practice more often lol
"I was just reading this crazy article and it says 

^^Tomlin ^^has ^^never ^^had ^^a ^^losing ^^season"
It must really suck to be a Bengals fan.
"I don't think I've ever rooted for the Patriots but to go along the meme of what is 2020, LETS GO PATS!!!"
So... SNF... do we... do we root for the Patriots? That can’t be right.
"My biggest concern is the number of Ben’s passes that are being tipped at the line. I can’t recall a season when he has had this many tipped passes. Sure, some of those are because of the short passes/extended runs, but that is something the OL can work on."
"Breaking: Steelers need 3 more Electoral Votes to secure the division.  7 more to get a 1 seed.

Lets be honest, Kansas City is finishing 15-1."
"Can anyone explain to me how the Bengals touched the ball at the two, have it bounce into the end zone and they fuck around with it and it’s not a safety? 

I miss Romo. 

Vilma sucks."
Easy Dub
Just a curious question: why do the players wear masks on the sidelines? Aren’t they all tested consistently?
"Guys. That was a pretty complete game. I know we gave up some passes but they played it safe and got stops when they needed to.

Offense, Defense, ST all clicked well. And boys, we settled for 3 FGs, punted on a 4th and short in Bengals territory, and still haven’t gotten our run game down. And we still hung 36 and won by 26. I think we have a squad."
"The Steelers kicked ass. 

And things of that nature"
"I know the whole “Steelers haven’t played anyone” bit is an old joke now but that being said, it’s good to decisively beat teams we should beat. Pretty much the whole team was clicking and if we are gonna claim to be legit super bowl contenders it’s good to demolish teams that we are much better than. Good teams do that. Let’s do the same with the jags"
"Idk if anyone remembers or cares, bit I got mod control of r/kneedeep. Dedicating it to Boswell and shit posting in general"
"Just here to chuckle about Lamar throwing a pick at the end of the half to take a FG op away from Tucker, and go into the locker room down a FG to a woeful Pats team."
Fuck every bird team (sorry Atlanta).
9 and 0!
Even mother nature hates the rat birds
Who dey??
We need a run game going forward.
LET'S FUCKING GOOO!!! WE IN ALL THEIR HEADS!!! WITNESS THE GREATNESS!!!
"Nice to not have a heart attack game. Running game wasn’t the best, but our passing was amazing. And that McLeod dude is a god."
What a great game!
We dey!
9-0 and my ps5 came today what a goooood day can’t wait for my kid to go to bed so I can game all night
"Lets fucking gooooo. Left some points on the table this game but in all, it’s hard to complain. Pretty nervous about next week. But hopefully we can keep this going"
Great game‼️
"I wore my brand new salute-to-service Polamalu jersey today.  Not saying I deserve all the credit for today’s win, but..."
Pretty sure the last time I wanted the Patriots to win a game was their first Super Bowl against the Rams. This feels weird.
As expected.
"Zac Taylor is probably my favorite incompetent coach in the NFL at the moment. Going against him feels as close to a sure thing win as there is. He kicks field goals while down a million, has weird random play calls at inopportune times, and even looks the part of completely lost and in over his head. He’s accomplished absolutely nothing as a NFL coach. And I think the Bengals should sign him to an extension."
This is what happens when you disrespect the Towel Chuck Noll's blood and semen are blessed with each one you will be cursed and you have been warned many times
GET IN HERE 9-0 BABY
9-0. That is all
9-0 feels good
"**NINE**

**AND**

***Z E R O***"
9-0. This is the first game I watched completely this season. I've been avoiding watching because we've been winning and I am superstitious as fuck when it comes to the Steelers. This was an awesome win and a great game to watch.
"9-0 BABY YOU LOVE TO SEE IT

I'D SAY GG BUT FUCK THE BENGALS"
9-0. That’s all I have to say.
Gg guys!
Who dey?!??!!!
We’re 9-0!!!!! Damn it feels good to say that!
I love you all. 9-0. we dey. suck it bengals.
has anyone else noticed the amount of former steelers that are giving praises to this team?
"The purple pigeons lost to New Englands B team!! 

3 games up in division now. Please keep the fire lit! The  Jags and every game after are “the trap game”  

Steelers will need a running game . I’m not sure if Connor or someone is tipping the play or if its just poor execution. -because the other team D is beating him to the line of scrimmage virtually every time."
"9-0 Steelers on the road against a two win Jags team that is coming off a hard fought close loss against a first place team. The Ravens loom the next Thursday.

The question isn’t IF the Jags will win, but by how much."
[deleted]
""
Colin Cowherd said earlier this year that Roethlisberger was the worst QB in the division...
Baptism complete
Worst QB in the AFC North and it’s not even close /s
Where can I find a version of this for an iPhone wallpaper
KING IN THE NORTH!
"How can we be 9-0?

We haven't played anybody yet!"
We eat heisman trophies for breakfast
[removed]
""
I wonder if we’ll go undefeated and win the SB without ever facing a good team.
""
Kings of the North!
