text
"Isnt the run game.

Its the deep passing game.

Deep throws to the right they are 5/43 for 123 yds, 1 TD, 2 INTs. That isnt a typo. 43 attempts. 5 completions.

They are much better throwing deep down the middle but they rarely do it.

Ebron has been their best deep target, not Claypool."
"100%. This offense was able to run the ball earlier in the year against a few decent defenses in large part because they hadn't gotten wise to the Steelers passing attack yet (plus the passing attack has become even more condensed since then).

I was watching the condensed game of the Eagles-Steelers game yesterday because I was curious to see what the Steelers looked like at their best against a decent defense and it's night-and-day from what we've seen the last month or so. Two plays in particular highlighted it for me:

1. [On a 3rd and 11 in the second quarter](https://youtu.be/u0WE5RmZxGw?t=142) the Steelers were in 11 personnel (but Ebron was off the line as a WR). *ALL FOUR RECEIVERS RAN ROUTES THAT CARRIED THEM PAST THE STICKS.* They convert on a 13 yard curl route to Claypool, to the field side. I had timed snap-to-throw because I couldn't believe my eyes: 2.24 seconds. You can run routes that take you further than 6 yards down the field without waiting feeling like you're hanging your QB out to dry.
2. [The Claypool touchdown that seals it](https://youtu.be/u0WE5RmZxGw?t=893). First the Claypool part of the play: 2.29 snap-to-throw, 29 yards travelled in the air from the line of scrimmage - again, you can push the ball without exposing your QB. The other big thing - Washington and Juju both run routes that are 10+ yard down the field, and Washington is plenty open as well.

The rushing offense wasn't good in this game, but it was good enough because it provided a semblance of balance. The point about deep/intermediate passing is 100% right, and the offensive line is not the impediment that people think it is. You can get receivers upfield and open quickly without exposing your QB in pass protection. You can give yourself better options and chances on third-and-long. You can force safeties and LBs to have their first move be reading and not just crashing downhill.

Thank you for coming to my TED Talk."
"I think we gotta get creative too. I think chase could be effective in the slot instead of purely outside. Also Diontae gets crazy separation so seeing him go out vertical could be effective. And I mean Jesus, we finally sent juju more vertical against Buffalo and it worked, but instead we are so infatuated with sending him on 4 yard routes every play. 

You’re right about middle of the field tho- we went 2/2 and 1 TD when attacking the middle and yet for some reason we don’t take it. When defenses show single high, Ben has to take advantage of that."
It's extremely hard to argue that having a run game wouldn't open up that passing game in every facet.
"Foly huck I agree with you on something. 

I have been wondering where the deep shots have been. What happened to Claypool? Ben isn’t even giving his guys opportunities down the field, that used to be his “thing”....no risk it no biscuit ala Arians.

Defenses have keyed in on the short passing game, yet Ben isn’t willing to test them deep to make them play on their heels even a little bit. I’m curious to see how many of those 43 attempts came in the first 8 games vs the last 5 games. I’m wondering if Ben’s knee is a bigger issue than we know & that’s why he’s not chunking it deep to give his guys a shot.

Along with all of this, firing the OC wouldn’t change a thing, all it would do is cause a distraction & likely piss off Ben. 

Lastly, & this is by far where most of my frustration is coming from, but the batted balls at the LOS are directly related to defensive lines knowing it’s going to be a quick, short throw. Half of the batted balls are coming with 2-3 rushers, & 1-2 faux rushers dropping out. It’s certainly not like he needs to rush the ball out of his hand. Seems like bad reads on Ben’s part to me. Even more so because he’s in shotgun so he knows who’s dropping & who’s rushing. He *should* know immediately he can afford an extra 1-2 seconds to let the deeper routes develop when the defense is only rushing 3 & dropping some out to get their hands in his short passing lanes.

Frustrating stretch from the offense, but the talent is there to get on track again, I’m just hoping they can do so in the next 3 games so they’re rolling come January."
I'm gonna weather the downvote-storm here but I think Ben's arm is mostly shot. Couple that with receivers dropping passes and you're looking at an ineffective offense
"His deep ball accuracy has been in decline for years.  To his credit, I think he understands this and is making the decision to be more game manager, avoid risks as much as possible.  

I don't think he has to go deep more than occasionally, just throw beyond 10 yds a littlel more frequently."
"Two questions, if you don't mind of course:

1. Why focus solely on the right? (I assume for ease of analysis, which is fair enough)
2. Why not incorporate DPI into the analysis? It won't change the stats considerably, but, I think, any play where DPI is called should be considered successful for the offense. Drawing pass interference is a skill, albeit one that won't likely help you as much in the playoffs as calling is more lax generally, but a skill nonetheless. To be clear, I don't want to see the Steelers play James Harden ball any more than anyone else, but drawing fouls  and taking advantage of rules is as much a part of gamesmanship as anything else."
"Right, I heard Lolly and Williamson saying this on SNR yesterday.  The short passing game is drawing in defenders that also make the running game less effective.  

I hope the Fichtner and Ben are playing the  long con and will blind side the opposition in the playoffs with deep passes."
"Agreed that not being able to throw downfield has caused the offensive failure but it begs the question - why can't they throw longer routes?

Ben's knee is definitely an issue but I don't think it is the only one. Seems like there are a lot of things we just don't do schematically like your mention of not throwing deep middle that make us easy to defend. I think those are Ben and Randy game planning issues."
"The o line is too shot to throw deep against a lot of teams, but I believe we need to to try it this week to keep the threat of the deep pass alive."
"I’m not trying to throw ben out, still want him to play, but if his knee is really bugging him. SIT HIM the last three weeks. We are in the playoffs, who cares if we have to go on the road the whole postseason in Covid times. Get Ben healthy!"
"Agree. The WFT, and then subsequently the bills, were able to stick all 11 defenders in a short field and our inability to be effective over the top gave 0 room to expand the offense. It's why the run game has gotten considerably worse"
Can't throw to Ebron if he drops everything with his Twitter fingers. Get Claypool more involved then just with jet sweeps and deep passes to try and get a PI call. I could be wrong and might need our analyst for this one. But to me from the naked eye it looks like we play better we he's involved in the passing game a good bit
Its the OLine in general. Its bad.
"There’s an excellent analysis of this, with film, [over on BTSC.](https://www.behindthesteelcurtain.com/2020/12/16/22176500/the-matt-canada-vs-ben-roethlisberger-offenses-a-tale-of-two-styles-part-1-steelers-randy-fichtner) You have two different philosophies (Canada/Ben) merged initially, and each individually solved as the back half of the season has unfolded."
"For me the biggest issue offense is Randy. We all know he is shit but to defend him. 

O Line is shit
No running game 
Super predictable now with short passes 
No play action
Ben dosent even drop back or ever runs
Almost 0 Ben extending plays 
And drops

I mean we are predictable as fuuuuuck"
"Deep sideline incompletions piss me off. We call them so much and 5/43 isn’t worth it.

Although, we do get some good PI from it."
No. It's the offensive line and any other answer is foolish
""
[deleted]
This draft is an A+++++ just off the RB Chuba Hubbard. That jersey gonna sell like hot cakes
"Getting pick 86 in exchange for moving back 11 spots in the third round seems awfully rich to me, but I like the idea of trading back often to get as many picks in the top 100 as possible. Team is about to hemorrhage  talent in free agency so you want to load up as much as possible.

I'd be thrilled to get Slater and Humphrey in the first two rounds - that's a pair of versatile OL players who you can plug in where you need them immediately and also secure options at LT and C long term. Don't know much about the other guys, but the positions look right to me."
Chubba Hubbard ain't gonna be there at 86.
I'm really curious about Najee Harris and if he will be available to us.
Creed Humphrey is gonna be taken in the first round
How the hell do you do 7 round drafts? I can only do 3.
Chiba goes to my fav college. He’s elusive but not a big power back
"I saw a mock draft that had us taking Travis Etienne, I’d definitely like to see that. We need a capable HB"
""
Thank you for this! People are always so focused on negatives and honestly the “negatives” are people overreacting about things that aren’t even bad. With the way he interacts with the community He will be Walter Payton man of the  Year material in the years to come
he does a lot of things outside of football and he has been the only player on offense the past 3 weeks to actually do something and not make mistakes and people want him gone
With all the heat juju has taken this week I want to remind everyone that he’s proven time and time again to be a wonderful addition to the community. I can’t believe people actually want him gone 🤷🏼‍♀️
"Dionte Johnson was at Burlington and was gonna pay off some bills too but kept dropping this credit card and couldn't complete the transaction ( I kid I kid)

On a serious note that's awesome of Juju to do. major props"
Man what an asshole we shouldn’t resign him /s
Nah dance man bad. He dance so that make me mad.
Love that Kid....
"Juju sent me a surprise inspirational message when I was in ICU with stage 4 heart failure and total heart block. Things looked grim, but it put more hope in me. I was 44 and I’m a lifelong Steelers fan. Juju is so much larger than just an NFL great, if everyone lived life like Juju the world would be a better place. I hope he stays a Steeler but I’ll be his fan no matter where he plays. He’s so unselfish, so rare in a WR."
"I'm no steelers fan, but you gotta like JuJu"
He should be at home studying film and working out 24/7. Not being a positive role model in the community. /s
BuT hE dAnCeS oN oThEr TeAmS lOgOs CuT hIm!!!!
Juju is a good dude. The people who want him gone are just blowing hot air. He’s a good player and does a lot of good things for the community. He makes us a better team. Period.
I'm sure Juju's family used layaway often as a child. So he know just how important what he did is to those families.
"Juju is one of the people who gets hate for no reason, all because he makes Tik Toks. If Lamar made Tik Toks people would love it. I've never heard any bad stories about Juju only ever good stories of him helping his commmunity."
"“Yeah but he did a tiktok dance on the Bills logo so he’s clearly the worst”
*r/nfl and half this sub too apparently*"
First dancing now this? No wonder our offense sucks! /s
Such a stand up guy. Glad he’s a steeler!
This is why he's my favorite 😄
He is a CLASS ACT !
JuJu is such a great person. I hope he gets a new OC and teammate that can catch when he is in triple coverage
Keep him and let him go deep again!
"I don't understand how layaway is still a thing. The whole point was to make a purchase when you don't have cash on hand and need an ATM. Now we have credit cards and debit cards and don't use cash. How did layaway not go the way of Blockbuster, pagers, and slap bracelets?"
[deleted]
"I don't get it? If you're saying we're defeated, you're a week and a half late."
Just curious how people would feel if we traded for him or joining the org if the jets let him go
Nice try Sam Darnold...
Another Sam darnold post....no
"He needs to be away from Adam Gase, and it would be interesting to see him get a shot with a good organization. With that said, I wouldn't want him on the Steelers unless Randy is gonezo and they hire a more capable OC"
"I don't know, maybe check the 100 other posts asking the same exact question"
Would rather have Ryan Fitzpatrick
wish we could afford Stafford
If Ben retires (unlikely but not impossible) he may legitimately be our best available option which is slightly terrifying. Sure hasn’t looked good this season but the Jets/Adam Gase factor warrants him getting another opportunity with a better team. Certainly would prefer it to going into the season with either Rudolph or dobbs as starter god forbid.
"If you bleed black and gold, I mean truly bleed black and gold...you know there's no chance on God's green Earth this every happens and the thought would never enter your mind."
I'm beginning to think that this is a fucking joke. It's literally every day there's a Darnold post.
If you are curious just look through this subs history because this question is asked once or twice a week.
You ever used the search function on Reddit before?
Umm no please
Reset the clock!
6/10 would bang
[I'm going to start a chain...](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/kd2h3v/should_the_steelers_trade_for_sam_darnold_next/gfu0ru8/?context=3)
[deleted]
Hell no. Just like it was hell no last week when this was posted. And the week before. And the week before that. And also the week before that. And even the week before that
I feel the same as the last half dozen times this question was asked.
Nah we’re rolling with Mason after Ben. Nothing to worry about here. Don’t even mention QB. It’s not a problem.
"The post with the mock draft reminded me of Najee Harris and how much I'm hoping he's a Steeler. Anyone following College Football have any insight on him? Will he be available to us round 1 or 2?

https://youtu.be/2eBrChtC4rA"
"No point in drafting a rb so high rather get a lineman in the first round, not a flashy choice but it’s what we need"
"He will be gone in the first round. We aren't getting him unless we trade up.

Najee Harris is *expected* to be the next Derrick Henry.

In reality, if we don't fix our offensive line, offensive play-calling, and probably move to a new coordinator for both offense and line, no back is going to succeed in Pittsburgh right now."
"If he ain't there in round 4 then I'll pass. They need offensive line help bad, though there are scheme issues. Most of the line is getting old and there are some really good linemen in this draft. That LT from Oregon I think and the center from Ohio or Georgia"
Javonte Harris from UNC is THE perfect fit in Pittsburgh
"Honestly if Chuba is there in the 2nd I wouldn't even be mad if the Steelers picked him up. His style of running would fit perfectly for the Steelers run scheme or at the very least do the best out of the RBs.

Though I can't get a read on how they feel about their current stable of RBs. They got 5 of em. 1 whose only a pass catcher, 2 who are in the wrong scheme for their skill set, a practice squad guy (Edmunds), and a rookie who has amazing speed but the game hasn't slowed down for him. If they do pick up another one at least 3 of these guys got to go. 

Also this isn't a slight at Conner. I think he's a good RB when he's (he is this year) and a scheme that fits his style better. IMO I think he do better in a scheme similar to the Titans"
"I agree on the OL need, my thinking is we can get some solid guys in round 2 and 3. Or in 1 then a RB in 2. I like Dotson, Banner and Chuks alot. Hoping we have Pouncey one more year and we can grab a center following draft.

With Ben most likely gone after next year, It would be great to have star RB again that can either help a young QB or assist a vet as we find the next franchise QB."
""
"Ben: 37 drops / 521 att: 7.1%

Stafford: 29/462: 6.2%

Ryan: 28/498: 5.6%

Rodgers: 27/448: 6%

Brady: 27/497: 5.4%"
"I'd really want to see it as a percentage, drops per attempt. With our non-existent run game, he's throwing a ton."
Half those have to be in like the last 3 games
That’s almost as many as AB had in his time here. In 8 years AB only had 39 drops.
It's worth noting that the 37 number is official drops which doesn't include anything even remotely contested.. probably more like 50+ drops in reality
I’m sure Johnson and Ebron make up about 30 of those
An even crazier stat in that list is that Davante Adam’s has been targeted 118 times this season and doesn’t have a drop. So all 27 of Rodgers drops are from every other receiver. That’s wild
"8 more passes dropped than the next closest QB.... with this, amazing we are 11-2"
Wow. The nfc needs receivers. Poor Ben.
Mark this NSFW please.
"I’d like to see some stats on tipped balls at the LoS. 

I think the lack of the deep ball threat is harming both the run game and the passing game. 

Defenses don’t need to play a deep cover, can crowd the line and help the d backs at the same time. 

Defenses aren’t respecting any deep threats, receivers don’t seem to be getting open on intermediate and deep balls. Defense can cover 15 yards of territory."
Our wideouts need to start using Elephant Jizz for better gripage
Jesus Horacio Christ.  That’s insane.
And it feels like most of those 37 drops were in the last 4-5 games.
"But, it's Ben that's the problem. /s"
How many drops come from diontae Johnson and ebron
That’s so depressing
"Aye now give him credit, quite a few of them passes might be on him statistically but we all know hes put a lot of throws right on target and his receivers couldn’t hold on to it. Ben ain’t the most accurate but he also didn’t throw so inaccurate that it was the cause of 37 drops. Terrible stat line honestly."
All dimes too
""
Let's hope they have a great game on Monday
"He's easily our most explosive player on offense. We need him to be catching balls, hopefully Cincy is a good tune up game for the Colts and Browns and he is in better form heading into the postseason."
""
That’s not what you want to hear at this point in the season. Defenses have figured our offense out and unwillingness to adjust will be our downfall.
"Yeah, that’s not encouraging.  This offense has been stagnant for weeks now.  And yes, we have all seen the drops.  Plays are being left on the field.  But it’s also that every team we play knows the game plan now, and are keying on those quick passes (duh).  Until this team shows a willingness (and a capability) to throw downfield, the offense will continue to disappoint.  It’s as simple as that.  

Hopefully someone in the org has the balls to relay that message to Ben, because it doesn’t seem like he is getting it."
"Shaun Sarrett is not getting the job done.  The line looks terrible in their zone blocking coordination and the power pulls/counters lack any kind of timing.  All of a sudden, our line is old, bloated, and a negative to getting wins.  With all the injuries, maybe it's time to give Ramon a call?"
Meh.
"Look I'm no football expert or anything. I wouldn't qualify as an armchair quarterback cause the last time I actually played organized football was flag football as a kid and I was fucking clueless.

But could it maybe possibly potentially be the playcalling that presents a major obstacle for the offense?

I could be wrong but when I can tell what play is coming up more often than not based a few things like field position, formation, down, and yardage to the 1st I'm gonna guess the guys on the other side of the field have a much better clue of what is about to happen than me. 

Would a new offense coordinator or at the very least playcaller be considered a drastic adjustment? I dunno, do you consider not running a quarterback sneak on 4th and goal with less than a yard to go after getting stuffed three times on the same play great playcalling?"
"If you don't adjust we won't win anymore games, Ben. There is a problem with this offense and if you don't see it.... We are lost."
Well time to call your bookies and take the Bengals. Looks like we're getting the same offense again this week.
"It’s more than the OL, it’s the OC"
""
#FreeJamesWashington
I agree but James isn't a 3 yard drag receiver either. He has to be willing and able to push the ball downfield to him. It doesn't seem like he can do that consistently.
Then why is Diontae Johnson on the field instead of the sideline lol
"Big Ben 2019: Washington has to make those plays, it's on him to pull that ball in on a big shot like that.

Fans 2019: Why would he throw Washington under the bus like that?!

Big Ben 2020: Washington should be on the field. You can't let guys sit on the sideline who could potentially help you.

Fans 2020: SING IT BIG BEN!!"
Yeah Ben except Washington did nothing except for his TD catch. I’m sick of hearing Ben cry about Washington not being on the field and I’m sick of fans acting like Washington is some magic cure for the offense
Ben shouldn’t talk about playing time for wrs at all. He’s not a coach.  This just exemplifies why our offense sucks.
""
Then please throw the ball further than 3 yards down field
Regardless I will continue to have a panic attack anytime Big Ben even seems to be remotely reaching for his elbow. I don't care which one or even if it's his elbow. He could be putting a bandage on his son's elbow for a tiny scrape and I would still have a panic attack.
Maybe we can actually see some results that back that up then ?
What we're seeing now is noodle arm Manning on the Broncos when their defense carried them to the super bowl. Ben isn't as bad yet it's clear that he's regressing and will probably only be here for another year.
"Maybe practicing once or twice a week would help, too. It’s not like the pre-2000s where QBs got hit in practice or they’re wearing pads every day. Timing with his WRs is clearly suffering with him only showing up for walkthroughs at the end of the week."
"His elbow is ""good"", what about his knees?"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Wait did people think he’s retire mid year? Tf
"This is like Ben's version of Rodgers saying ""R-E-L-A-X"""
don’t worry the short passes is all part of the game plan when playoffs come we will be scoring 40 points every game we gonna surprise the shit out of teams. i hope and pray to god
There's 0 chance they let him go next year either with the insane amount of dead money it'd cause. If you want to retire it's gonna be after the 2021 season big guy
I'm just over here nervous we are probably going to play the ravens for the third time...
How dumb u gotta be to want Ben to retire lol did anyone watch last year??
"Last time Ben said he should retire was that jags game, after that the Steelers went on to win 8 in a row"
Who wants him to retire?? Ill fight you
"This team sure is special, just not sure it’s of the good kind lol"
So he’s not gonna pull an Andrew Luck?
"as a stupid QB with on a shitty team once said, R.E.L.A.X"
""
"The anniversary of me screaming ""WE FINALLY BEAT THESE MOTHER FUCKERS"" in front of my young nieces."
STRAIGHT INTO MY VEINS
"Remember screaming so loud for this one I scared my girlfriend's dog. Took him a few days to come back around to me.

Was also my computer wallpaper for MONTHS afterwards."
I was there. This was one of my favorite football moments I’ve seen live.
This was such a relief after witnessing the loss from the previous year.
Look at all of the people.
"I cherish this moment so much because it’s only one of two wins we have against these bastards in the past decade. (Pain)

Take my upvote."
This was a good day.
I would like to forget that epic collapse of a season thank you
What a beautiful photo.
I was at this game with my family. Father in law bought us all tickets. This year I got him and myself this signed picture.
Is there a video?
"IIRC, we were coming off of a few losses this season going into this game. I was so happy we got a W, and against the team I hate the most."
I forgot this was a color rush game. That’s just beautiful
I was at this game. This moment and the final 4th down incompletion were the loudest I’ve ever heard Heinz Field. Probably my favorite game since I’ve been a fan
I was at this game. It was my 35th birthday. It was so loud the whole have and the energy at Heniz Field was crazy. I lost my voice for about a week.
Damn 2 Years Already
"On the other end of the spectrum, wanna guess what happened **three** years ago?"
"I was India so I couldn’t catch the game, but man what a great birthday gift to see that they won that game!"
"Ugh my then fiance now wife and I  drove up there from NC for this game. Honestly feels like a lifetime ago, but this being my partners first game seals this as the best game I've ever been too"
"It's been my desktop background ever since and will probably never change until #7. Soooo, hopefully February."
"I'll never forget not bothering to watch the game, because I thought we were gonna lose, and then just mindlessly checking out he score 2 hours later, and immediately pulled up the game on my phone, and yelled in my car ""HOLY FUCKING SHIT! WE FUCKING DID IT!"" Lmaoo"
Back in the good old days.
I screamed. I yelled. I was shaky. 100% best moment in a game.
Such a beautiful moment to be a Steelers fan
"Great play, kinda lucky Gronk didn’t absolutely wreck him"
Is this the same game as in [this epic Youtube hit](https://youtu.be/NRPvqwb9G08) featuring *Renegade*?
I was at that game and my kids won the signed ball but sadly it was a ab
His vertical is incredible!
Which was meaningless in the end
""
"Bills Defense: We're gonna...

Steelers: What? Force another pun-

Bills Defense: Pick six!

Me: Oh shit I'm uncomfortable!"
Just a stale offense with no new ideas and a complete lack of adjusting
Interesting breakdown of what the Bills did to give pittsburgh problems up front/in coverage
"It's an interesting break down. The first play they show, Conner just gets thrown to the ground, no obstacle to Milano, forching Ben to throw. 

The second play they show, Samuels gets pushed into Ben, again by Milano.

Both were lined up as strong side halfbacks, clearly unable to stop Milano. I guess we were trying to sell those plays as probable run plays, but at that point, the Bills already knew it wasn't going to happen.

A lot of people are calling for Derek Watt to play more offense and while I don't think he will solve all of our problems, in those two plays, he could have potentially made a difference.

I think every team by now is well aware of our weak run game, so what's the point in even trying to sell a play as run/RPO when in 90% of the cases, you know it's going to be a short pass before they even line up?"
""
We haven’t won the super bowl since 2008. I don’t think Ben growing his beard was exactly a good luck charm lol
Reverse jinx?? More at 7.
HE WHAT?!?!?!?!
Probably his wife got tired of him having a beard after he didnt shave for his arm surgery
has he ever looked in a mirror while beardless
You think we would have learned not to shave beards given the events of Super Bowl XXX.
"""Beard voodoo"" is why the blog gang that couldn't wants me to spend $60 a year to ""subscriber"" to The Athletic, instead of reading actual journalism for free?

Sweet sales pitch, T.A."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Maybe they should care more about whether or not our o line decides to show up that game, or if DJ is working on his hands and not trying to run before he has the ball.  Those seem to be more relevant to a win or loss than Juju dancing on a logo.

It's not like he is spitting on it, tearing up the turf, or something else disrespectful."
People only got mad at him for doing this after he lost.
BUT THIS IS THE WHOLE REASON WE LOST THE GAME TO BUFFALO /s
No one actually believes that opposing players are somehow going to play better just because juju dancing. I understand thinking it’s tacky but it’s not affecting any in game play
"r/Steelers: Don’t disrespect the terrible towel!😤

(JuJu dances on other teams logo) 

r/Steelers: Awwww he’s having fun😇  Let him have fun!"
"Does Pittsburgh have the worst media?

Out of absolutely everything we can ask to get info on, THIS is what is asked? Fucking stupid."
Really why is this a thing?
"If he's doing it on his own logo during home games, I don't see how he is doing anything disrespectful.

Not many places on the field that aren't just green."
https://twitter.com/MarkKaboly/status/1339294784662478848?s=19 this about sums up how I feel about this whole thing. People need to shut the fuck up and let it go. This whole thing is fucking stupid.
I'd love to see the day where some opposing player came to Heinz Field and danced on the Steelers logo. It would be totally fine on here...
"Good! He should do whatever the hell he likes

Of course, it won't help his (imo) low chances of getting and long term contract but if they don't like what he does why should he stay anyway? We may all feel it's stupid, but it's his life"
"I don’t think he thinks of it as an insult. I literally think he’s like,” where’s the coolest place to make this TikTok pregame, oh in the middle of the field where it’s decorated!” That being said I can also see why people take it as a dis at a glance and he should be more aware. Do it in the end zone for foreshadowing."
"The nfl sub is a joke about this rn. Can't defend Juju without massive downvotes, meanwhile people actively encouraging injuring him or saying that this is somehow costing us games gets upvoted.

If Juju were on a feel-good team people wouldn't have started to hate him. I don't like his dances, but to act like it does anything for the other team is just plain stupid

Whenever /r/nfl comes to a consensus it's like the council of the chest pounding retards"
"Do it JuJu. Dance on the logo, dance in the endzone, dance in the locker room. Then dance to another team whose fans will appreciate you instead of these sour ass yinzers."
Ok then Juju. Anything for your social media presence. Don't get upset if an opposing player does something about it.
Good
"Juju played a great game, I’d be mad if DJ did it."
That's some bad juju he's putting on this team. My nana said so herself!
"It's kinda a dick move, I wish he would stop. Idc about him doing dances or whatever, but there's a reason TO got his ass beat. It's disrespectful"
"Why do people care that much about him having a little extra fun? He's giving 110% every snap, he's not harming anyone, and clearly it's not that ""cringe"" given how popular he is. When did we all become such curmudgeons? It's like 1,000 Roger Goodell burner accounts in here."
Good.
No I dislike it. I am a Steelers fan and find that dancing to be dumb. If someone danced in the middle of Heinz field we would be pissed. It’s also cringey as hell. Steelers have no identity on offense. No time to be dancing playing like that.
I’m glad we only have to see it a few more times then.
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
"Jesus Christ Juju. Can you not give them more fuel to the fire? This was cool when we were fucking winning. Now your just giving them motivation. Remember what happened in 2016 vs the pats in the AFc championship? If AB doesent post that facebook live, yeah e still lose,  but Bllichek is the very embodiment of petty. That added fuel. This is idiotic."
"How about you quit justifying his over cocky and childish behavior? 

God this sub should get on their knees and allow Juju to splurge all over their faces. Why don't you all just simultaneously go suck his cock?"
"Gotta say overall that the JJSS experience has been overall negative.  He's a good player and seems like a nice kid, but all we get is dancing and huge fumbles out of JuJu..."
[I can't be the only one](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/a4/59/77/a459775f026e1dc6032f7c342b80ee40.jpg)
"He should stop. It shouldn’t have become a “thing” to begin with. He will be gone soon anyways, 4 more games of this tic tok clown and it’s a wrap. Go dance somewhere else for your money."
""
The trophy was a nice add 👌👌
Accurately portraying how intimidating the bengals are
I love how you repeatedly find a fun way to depict our somewhat obscure mascot.
This one I like 👍🏼
"You make me happy, you’re appreciated, and everyone says nice things about you ☺️"
That you for your work!
Steely boys will take out striped cats!
Wholesome! :)
""
Lmao “antics” really seems like an unbiased take
"I love his energy, his joy, his tenaciousness. He is a beam of light made human. BLESS YOU JUJU"
I love it I think it’s great keep dancing
[deleted]
"Its basically the equivalent of trash talking. As long as we're winning and Juju is playing well enough to back it up, go for it. However, now that we've lost two games, it'd probably be best to stay quiet for the time being otherwise it's just a bad look. I'm all for players having fun, but dance anywhere other than the logo until we start winning games again.

I know everyone has different views of the matter, obviously."
I know I should know better than to argue on r/nfl but the folks trying to argue that JuJu isn’t even average just straight up piss me off. There is no metric that shows JuJu as a below average wr. In fact I don’t think there is a valid argument that keeps him out of the top 20.
Myself looks like an ass.
When people said he was the new Hines Ward I didn't realize they meant as a dancer.
Players with stats like his shouldn’t flex.
""
Imagine musty flicking in a yinzer octane
Pog
This is awesome. This is one of my nightly games so this is going to be sweet
Juju is gonna drop tiktok learn double resets
Hell yea
"Also for people who are unaware about Rocket League:

It is an incredibly fun and deep car soccer game with cars that can fly as well. Its Esport has multiple million dollar prizepools each year and the game has a few million active players each month.

You can get it for free on the Epic Games Launcher."
can i get this straight up or do i have to gamble for it?
"I read that it was coming December 17 on the rocket league page. I can't wait, I've tried making Steelers themed cars in the past"
"That so cool! I’ve been wondering if there was ever gonna be NFL team skins, after they did MLB and NBA stuff. I’m excited for that!"
"Oops!

My Bad!

Yeah sorry, I messed up the title. Good news is though, as others have pointed out, it it already coming out today and is available only until December 28!"
"Ummmm... excuse my ignorance...but is rocket league a mobile game that I can play on my IPad? I do like racing games, but I’m not buying a console."
This is something I will spend money on
*downloads epic games launcher*
"I played this game a lot when it first came out, by now I forgot it even existed lol. Maybe it’s time I checked it out again, I never miss an opportunity to rep the black and gold"
Dam might be time to pick the game back up again.
Hell yes
"Well, I swore I'd never spend money on RL points.  Oh, well."
"Nice to see so many RL fans in this sub.

We should create a Steelers Reddit RL club."
""
"I wish we had some sets where we went two backs, took out Ebron, and used Watt a little more.  He could always motion to a tight flank position just off the line of scrimmage to fill in as a TE at times, or lead block.  But maybe that kind of stuff doesn't work against modern defenses."
Fichtner supporters in shambles. Ben is fine with being under center
Fingers crossed 🤞
""
I don’t know who Dave Rappocio is but he has a very interesting style
""
That’s awesome!
Please tell me that's not your house
Do u know where they got it? That’s awesome
"Draft: Jarvis Jones

Free Agency: Ladarius Green"
"Artie Burns, and it isn't even close IMO.  For me, I don't worry about the WRs that have busted because we have hit on so many, and its not like we have ever been lacking a WR who could produce.  

Up until Haden's signing, our secondary was soooo weak at the CB position, which is why we drafted Burns in the first place, so when he didn't work out, even a little, it really hurt us.  It hurt us in a way I don't think other draft picks hurt us."
"Draft: Senquez Golson

Free Agency: Donte Moncrief"
Artie Burnssss
L.Blount for me. Quitter.
Green wasn’t a free agency bust at all. He simply could not recover well enough from horrible concussion issues. Watch the highlights where he actually got to play for us. He was a fuckin beast.
"Draft Bust is Senquez without a doubt... 2nd round pick and never logged a snap. Jarvis or Artie would normally be tough to beat but they at least got on the field.

Free Agency I'm going with Ladarius Green. I still can't understand why we signed him but either didn't seem to be aware of or didn't think the ankle situation and the concussion issues would bite us in the ass."
Trade: That kicker who shall not be named.
"Jarvis Jones in the draft for me. You can make arguments for Artie Burns, Senquez Golson and even Dri Archer but Jones was supposed to be a star. Jarvis Jones just wasn't big enough, strong enough, or quick enough to dominate at this level. In Free Agency I would go Moncrief. I expected him to have a huge year for us and he was abysmal. You could go Green but in that case he at least looked quite good in the rare instances he was on the field."
"Jarvis man. I was over the moon about him. Still think the Steelers were wrong to make him bulk up, which robbed him of his best asset. At worst he would’ve become a Vic Beasley pass rushing specialist. What we basically got was Vince Williams as a SAM.

I remember thinking Cam Thomas would be a useful rotation player. Useless."
"Draft: Jarvis Jones  
Free Agency: Blount, Morgan Burnett, Moncrief, Lance Moore  
Can we do trades too? Just so I can say fuck Scobee"
"Limas Sweed, where you at??"
"Cam Thomas is by far the worst player I have ever seen start multiple times for the Steelers. Ladarius Green was just disappointing.  
  
I once saw Cam Thomas get blown off the defensive line so hard that he took both ILBs out of the play"
Jamaine Stevens.  He transcends categories and decades.
"Draft: Honestly probably Jarvis, but Artie was more aggravating because in the moment everyone thought it was a terrible, desperate pick and played out to be exactly that. 

Free Agency: Antwan (now Valentino) Blake, signed as a free agent in 2013 and somehow became a starter on defense for two years. Graded out as the worst corner in the existence of PFF in 2015. Other guys burned out quickly and didn’t produce but I’d argue Blake actively hurt the team in a way the others didn’t."
"Artie and Jarvis are pretty big busts, Ladarius is def my biggest FA fuck up. 

One that gets forgotten is that CB from the Eagles Brandon Boykin who they refused to play (think he was hurt?) then he got cut the next year.

Hilariously, he predicted our struggles last year and everyone clowned him for it: [Brandon Boykin believes Steelers offense will decline in 2019 because of their backup QB](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.behindthesteelcurtain.com/platform/amp/2019/7/18/20699161/brandon-boykin-believes-steelers-offense-will-decline-in-2019-because-of-their-backup-qb-nfl-news)"
Linus Sweed
Or so some yinzers in my job tell me. Discuss.
"I don’t know what happened the last few weeks, but I’m hoping it un-happens"
dont care still 11-2
If you want to win you have to score more points than the other team. The Steelers should try that more.
"I struggle with this, bc it’s super hard to win in the nfl and 11-2 (and ending at 13-3) while locking up the north would be an awesome regular season.

I’m more disappointed that we seem to be playing our worst football rn (injuries definitely to blame) and that the offense has not gotten fixed or even looked to become more innovative.

If we are one and done in the playoffs, how do we rate this season? Idk because seems like this was our best chance to get a ring with the core guys.  That said, we only need to catch fire to win a few games, a good place to start would be kicking the shit out of the Bengals."
"I hate blaming it on so-called ""outside factors,"" like injuries and Covid, but those certainly ruined our momentum and took a great toll on our mental and physical health as a team. So yes, this is a legitimate strain.

And, the offense hasn't been consistently dynamic in those 11 wins. Some games we've looked better than KC, others we've looked mediocre. It's all catching up to us now.

The good news is there's still plenty of time to readjust and get healthy. The Bengals should be an easy win, then there's two weeks to rest Ben and the vets, and still have the division and a home game come playoffs.

It's looking a little stressful, friends, but it's far from over."
"The worst 11-2 team? Is that like being the ugliest dude to ever bang a bunch of hot chicks, or the dumbest billionaire?"
"OMG, we had no playoffs for 2 years.  Are people really bitching?  This has been a fun year to watch, lots of late game drama that went right for the good guys."
"If you had to choose a Backup for Ben who would it be. (Note: if you voted someone else comment who would it be)

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kelki1)"
"Aaron Rodgers.

Edit: I’d settle for Mahomes"
Charlie Batch.
"i’ve been saying fitz would be a dope backup, could you imagine those two old bastards just bro’ing out? talking about beards and shit. that’d be awesome. fitz embodies the pittsburgh blue collar mentality too"
Fitzpatrick would be nice.   I hear Detroit is looking to move on from Stafford
Fitzpatrick would be perfect
If you believe this team has a chance to compete for a title this season and money is no object  then you get a vet who can still win games to be the backup. There was a reason Charlie Batch was well loved - he was a guy who could have started for some teams in the league and was able to win games for us when Ben was out.
I’d rather have Mason “The Next Brady” Rudolph in there. Give him a clean pocket and watch him sling it!
No one had said Josh Dobbs 👀
TRADE FOR SAM DARNOLD NOW
Unpopular opinion but maybe Jameis Winston
"Rather bring in someone young that they can develop first and foremost. Kick the tire on Darnold or Rosen, even someone like Minshew. Fitzpatrick wouldn’t be the worst idea failing that."
"The Duck, DUH!"
Colin Kaepernick. I’m sure I spelled his name wrong. Guys like that sometimes have magic in them. Remember how good he was and how he could electrify a team. Imagine him playing now. Even as a third stringer he’d be great to have in a locker room.
Who would want the dirty laundry? He can’t even throw against an XFL caliber defense?
""
"Christmas eve at a Denny's is one of the saddest places in America.  So many lonely, broken people trying to get a bite of that diced turkey over mash potatoes & gravy.  Appreciate your family and friends this holiday season!"
Shouldn’t it say Kings?
This might be the greatest meme in the history of this sub
"If the consensus is that Fichtner is Ben’s yes man, getting a new OC won’t change the fact that Ben wants to take every snap out of shotgun, nor will it change the fact our OL can’t stop a runny nose 

I’m not saying I want fichtner to stay (Bc I want him gone) but he’s being unfairly scape goated for most of the offensive stalling."
When did we get Andy Reid?
Moons over my hammy. MOONS OVER MY HAMMY ON TWO!
"In my uneducated opinion I think the line has gradually regressed as a result of losing Munchak.   Ben loves the shotgun, the 2 minute drill, the short quick passes.....but he also knows he’d be much more successful if he had that running game to open up play action.  I just don’t think the line can run the ball anymore since Munchak left."
guys guys guys I got it the secret to NFL football is as follows run run pass punt
"Keep hoping for a turnaround but how many weeks of being terrible on offence is it going to take for the crumbs to lead Tomlin and Colbert to the kitchen? Fichtner is too easy to work out, and when things go tits up, they let Ben take over, who isn't an OC, he's experienced enough to play some things really well, but there still had to be a game plan implemented and having a poor plan on offence is costing us results now. And letting Ben take over is hardly a strategy for replicable success, it merely means teams game plan for the plays he likes calling and when you can contain and shut it down, it's GG.


Defence is just so wasted on this offence (has been for going on 2 years now). Even with all the injuries, it has performed admirably, the offence is doing them zero favours and you know it will not take much from the offence to get us back in the win column because the defence continues to be great that they make up the deficit for a sub-standard offence on their own.


No easy answers, personnel changes are tough to plan, lot of big decisions to be made end of this year, draft class will be needing to fill holes mainly on offence for a change, potentially a QB, line maintenance an absolute must, ideally a RB upgrade but we don't draft high on that position (but it should be a consideration imo), very little cap space.


But at worst moving forwards, a new OC with fresh ideas and input could really kick start this currently flailing offence. It's costing us results, the defence has masked them all year long, started out well but only because teams weren't quite sure of our lineup, now they're familiar with Ben again and they know the likes of Claypool and Juju are threats, we need better scheming to throw them off the scent and keep this offence pounding and soaring. Fichtner doesn't have a creative bone in his body, and Ben taking the helm later in games is being worked out by oppositions."
Made what?  I just see Randy Fichtner there
"Many many years ago the DD ran a red light left turn off of 19  / McKnight road.

Cop who we passed threw on his lights into the parking lot.

We're  parked. I'm in the back seat shitting myself. Cop shines his light around all of us and asks, ""Whats the hurry.""  My friend says, ""They have really good fries"".  So for 3 hours we ate fries while talking with cops."
Literally lold
Why does he cover his mouth when he has a mask on?
Omg this is great 🤣
*laughing in Quahog*
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
"Big Ben n Peter show, id watch that"
Denny’s has the best milkshakes
HoLy CrAp ToMLiN
"Y’all act like Ben isn’t a fucking mummy being protected by the whole offensive scheme. You think things are bad now? Remember last year?  
  
Ben can only play the way we are playing now. I am not saying whether or not he should retire, but you’re gonna see this offense until he does."
This looks familiar
And the beard doesn't cover the chin-balls.
"I have such mixed feelings about Ben. I love him as a QB and our leader, but I also get the feeling that he's a bit of a terrorist inside that organization. It seems like he gets his way no matter what and you'd better not even think of disagreeing with him unless you outrank him."
This is the oldest image. This thing was circling when Kitchens was the Browns coach
""
Anyone else want to post this?
""
"That’s all it is week in and week out, just hype talk but no action to follow through with, past 6 weeks they have been talking about changing their strategy and haven’t. then the past 3 weeks they’ve been more specifically focused on making changes with the run game and mixing up the passing game, nothing there either. I can’t even listen to these dudes no more they just gonna have to prove it, and beating the Bengals isn’t proving it, that’s something we ought to do anyway. The colts and Browns is where they get a chance to show us some change."
Is Conner playing? We need his running game back
"They say this kind of stuff every week. And Ben has become a master at politician speak. 

Go out and prove it."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kempn6)"
I think we should play Ben this and next week and sit him and the starters week 17 regardless. Seeding isn’t that important anymore and we aren’t getting number 1 but we want to make sure we aren’t number 4 so we don’t have to play KC until the championship
"If we can play for the number one seed, we should go all out.

If we're forced to play to lock up a home game, we should go all out.

Any other scenario, we should be resting our guys."
"If they lock up the division, I would have him practice like normal but have him be the back up against the colts, have him ready to play if necessary and then rest him in full for the final week of the season. I fully believe the 1 seed is out of the picture at this point so might as well give some guys some rest if the division is locked up."
"I would say yes but... with all the drops and issues on offense I think they need the playing time. Not so much Ben but the receivers. Maybe sit him at half, treat them like preseason? I honestly don't really know."
Ben gets to rest plenty.  Every Wednesday in fact.
Only if we have our seed confirmed and/or are blowing the fuck out of whoever we’re playing
"oh please god no I’m a ravens fan that has never rooted for the steelers and now that we need you to win you just gonna sit all your starters, fine we will make the playoffs ourselves"
I think if anything we play Ben for just the first half of the Browns game
"Yeah just what we need, an even more rusty Roethlisberger in the wild card game."
"Depends on what the Chefs do....yes, I called them Chefs. 

I think the State Farm Commercial with Mahomes telling “Jake” that he can “wear the ring for an hour(or whatever) just turned me off. 

I am a political kind of guy and am so sick of people blowing their own horns about how “great” they are as has been commonplace for the last four years...EVERY FUCKING DAY....that a Commercial that I might have blown off as amusing has now left a bitter taste in my mouth just irritates me.

I just want to see people like that fail miserably. And truthfully? I even sort of felt that way about Ben in his “drink like a champion” days. I mean... I love the Steelers...but I despise assholes,and back then? He was an asshole.

I DO believe in second chances and redemption. And that asshole back then that I had a bit of trouble being happy for? Has really turned his life around, became a humble person who truly understands how fortunate he has been and is now living an honorable life. And that makes it much easier for me to root for him.

And Mahomes just reminds me of “old Ben”...an overconfident douchebag who thinks he owns the world. 

Truth is? His window is already closing.

EDIT: sorry for the rant....it was just an observation"
"My fantasy team votes ""no"""
Assuming Kansas City doesn't lose anymore I think we should only consider a week 17 rest for Ben because I think there is too much going on with the offense right now to sit Ben more then that. That way we still let him rest up for playoffs but we also allow for the offense to conduct further tests.
[removed]
""
Approved.
Put Randy Fichtner here instead. And also the offensive lines run blocking. And Dionte Johnson and Eric ebrons excuses for hands. And Bens deep ball. If we don’t beat the Bengals by 40 it’s a failure
Awesome
👍🏽
No trashing the ravens right now guys out of respect
Amen
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Ben is 163 yards away from 60k passing yards and 4 completions away from 5k career receptions. A sure 1st ballot HOF’er. Should be fun to watch the celebration.

My prediction: 1st three passes of the game go for 160 yards and the 4th reception takes him to a cool 164 passing yards and 4tds on the day.. 

And that’s the end of the 1st quarter."
but then the game starts and randy starts off with a run run screen 😔
"We can’t catch 1 pass, what makes you think we can catch four!!"
He’s also only 8 TDs away from 400.
*e
"Ok, I like a good story, but for some math...

160/3=53.3 (repeating) 

You are saying that each of his first three passes will on average go for over half of the field? I mean...if the passes are for 5 yards, and the receivers can get that in YAC, then maaaaybe!?!? —but probably not.

Ben in real life isn’t throwing streaks against gold or silver Dbs in Madden. 

—in Madden solos, he is...

Does it happen against the bungles? Yeah, just not like this!"
"Right now, the Steelers look as though they could lose in the first round. But can any of you honestly tell me there were no moments during the 2008 or 2004 seasons where it looked as though the team could lose early in the playoffs? 

I shouldn’t have to remind you about the adversity the Steelers overcame in 2004-2005. But even in 2008, the Steelers had a loss at home to the colts. They lost week 16 to the titans as they fought for a first round bye. 

Are there things to criticize about this team? Sure. That can be said about every team, even the best. Especially when the best teams lose.  But get this low energy shit out of here. The Steelers thrive on adversity, and if you don’t think Tomlin and Ben will have this team ready to go by playoff time, you have let recency bias cloud your vision of who this team is. 

This is the fucking 6x champion Pittsburgh Steelers, led by coach of the year Mike Tomlin, future hall of fame qb Big Ben, and extremely competitive play makers on both sides of the ball. This is the team that God himself chose to intervene on behalf of with the Immaculate Reception. We will get healthier by playoff time and be prepared to be competitive with any team we face. Here we go."
"With the interviews coming out, I’m getting a cruise control vibe right now. Limit the injuries, fix things you don’t like etc. They aren’t fighting for a playoff spot and without fans I don’t think they actually give a shit about the bye in the playoffs. Right now it’s just about going through the motions and getting everyone back healthy for playoffs... what’s that shit they do in the NBA, load management.. I think that’s what they are doing"
"I don't know why people keep feeling the need to make posts like this while acting like the offense being shitty is some new occurrence or a one-off thing. The issues have existed the entire season and are now routinely fucking the team over while they show absolutely zero signs of changing anything. There is no reason at all to be optimistic right now. Yeah maybe they'll miraculously turn out a completely new offense. Probably not. It's completely justified to worry.

>But can any of you honestly tell me there were no moments during the 2008 or 2004 seasons where it looked as though the team could lose early in the playoffs?

Difference this season is that we have looked like that in most of our games, solely because the offense has been so unreliable. It was an issue while winning and now it's taking its toll."
"You're comparing apples to oranges.  2004-2008 things were new, Ben was still new, much like things in KC with Mahomes and Buffalo with Josh Allen right now.  An elite, historic D was just coming together.

It's 2020.  It feels like there's nothing new with this team.  All of the warts that have plagued late season declines and one and done playoff exits for the past decade.  This team doesn't thrive on adversity, they haven't overcome it to accomplish anything in also a decade"
"My biggest concern isn’t that they’re having bad games, it’s that the bad games are stacking up one after another. The last 3 weeks have felt like a completely different offense than earlier in the year. Its like we’ve been exposed and now we’re standing with our pants around our ankles and no backup plan."
I like to think there maybe a bit of a rope-a-dope happening. Lulling the other teams asleep and maybe holding a few key plays in the back pocket
"This ain't 2004 or 2008 though and I can only go off of what I see and hear from the  2020 Steelers and it is not pretty. This team has been folding, not thriving under adversity the last few weeks. Future hall of fame quarterback Ben Roethlisberger is not the Big Ben of 10-15 years ago. This team is going to have to win by sheer luck plays like the IR unless something changes drastically in the next week and a half.  That is the honest assessment of where this team is at right now, not your rah rah feel good nonsense."
We've got the Bengals this week. Should help us rebuild confidence and shake this ugly miasma we've been stuck in.
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Horrible news. May he Rest In Peace.
28 is far too young to die from a heart attack... damn that sucks.
Oh no! I loved watched him at CCU. Got to see a couple games live with him just dominating with the rock. I was for real mad that the Ravens got him.
"Thanks, guys."
RIP young king. Condolences to his family and friends
"Holy fuck, he was playing like 5 years ago"
Oh shit. This fucking sucks
Zo was a beast and way too young to pass away. Prayers up
RIP and condolences to his family and his fans.
RIP young man. Condolences to his family.
Wow RIP 🙏🏼
"He went to a local high school. Not to many nfl players come out of our town, this one hurts"
F
Rest in piece
Wow RIP
RIP
Awful news.  Prayers and well wishes to his family and friends in an already difficult year.
Damn. Sad story. Condolences to his family. That's rough.
"Damn, that's horrible. Sorry for your loss, Raven bros."
"Shit.

R.I.P."
[removed]
""
Huh?
"Unpopular opinion - we need to start going 5 wide more, and need to start giving Juju deeper routes"
""
Wish they could score 40 now
Omfg thank you for posting this. Been looking for this as it’s one of the top three memes in existence
Should have lowered the head a little so it looks like he's gobbling up the fans. I don't know why.
One of Pittsburgh Dad's best jokes ever was when he asked if the cardboard fans  still leave on that escalator.
""
I've stated many times since that those first few seconds after he caught it and was ruled a TD are going to be the peak of the second half of Ben's career.
"From New England; FUCK the Pats. The fact that they lost the SB on a ""questionable catch"" later that year was complete karmic justice."
Back when our offense could catch
"The NFL Officiating Twitter account releasing a video of Al Riveron explaining this play was probably the dumbest thing of all time, at one point Al literally says “Ben completes a pass to James.”"
I will never not be upset about this. Seeing the Pats on the brink of missing the playoffs brings me so much joy.
I hardly slept that night.
I cry every time :'(
Never should have let him go.
"I wonder if I'm the only Steelers fan not bitter about this? I always thought the no catch call was correct, no matter how much it sucked."
""
Not sure i'll ever get over this.
It was a great catch
"If we won that game, I truly believe things would have turned out differently with AB and Bell. Butterfly effect"
They should have won...........
I was at that game. The crowd was so confused.
"I was at the game as well and a student at PSU at the time. Jesse caught it. The following February I was a volunteer at THON working in event security. He was very involved in THON during his time at Penn State and he came back that year and made an appearance on stage. Afterwards he was leaving with his girlfriend and he stopped right next to me to tie his shoe. I kept quiet to remain professional while on duty, but you have no idea how badly I wanted to tell him that I was there and saw him catch that ball."
"I was there too, and I knew that they were going to overturn that call. Just to be clear, it was 100% a catch. But I knew in my bones that there was no chance the NFL was going to let us win that game on that call. It was devastating. My dad and I didn’t talk the entire drive home once."
"I'm from/live in New England; of all the times these pieces of shit fucked us over the last 20 years, this one hurt the absolute most. Very happy they're suffering now, even if Brady's gone and I liked Cam before he got there."
Yea sadly its my birthday and I was pissed
The catch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_jcM2E72ZzI
The ramifications of that call changed the landscape of so much. We win #7 and AB & Lev probly would have stayed. Get enough momentum to go on another run the following year.. Oh yea I was at this game too. I ended my wedding vows with “Jesse James caught that ball” SMH. Let’s not do this today.
"That was just the topping on the shit sandwich of a year that was 2017 for me, and it was my birthday!  

Jesse caught that ball."
I was there too!
"Guess I'll once again be the lone Steelers fan to point out that, according to the rules and how they were consistently called at the time, it was not a catch. 

>If a player goes to the ground in the act of catching a pass (with or without contact by an opponent), he must maintain control of the ball **until after his initial contact with the ground**, whether in the field of play or the end zone."
Detroit Lions legend Jesse James?
"I don't have an encyclopedic memory, but i knew just what play you were referring to.

My parents were patriots fans at the time and we were talking shit to eachother via phone that whole game. It sure seemed like a crock of shit while it was happening"
I was there with Patriots fans from work and the heartbreak that happened was unbelievable from juju breaking that 70 some odd yard catch losing my mind and then SCORING THAT TOUCHDOWN only to have to stripped away and still get ragged on for it 3 years later....
"Brother, i was at college at umass streaming this game so there was a delay and my mom texted me ""good job steelers we win"" before the catch got overturned i guess on her screen and they were still lining up for that play on my screen, and I got so fuckin mad that what we all thought was a touchdown got spoiled for me, imagine the look on my face when it certainly wasnt ""good job steelers we win"""
I came from France to see that game. That call ruined an otherwise perfect trip
I still remember screaming my head off in my apartment so pissed watching the refs rob us at the end of that game
Why did it have to be on my birthday. This day lives forever in infamy.
Feelsbadman
That was my first game at Heinz. Man the emotions the last few minutes of the game were crazy.
Should have kept him.
Never forgive. Never forget. That was the worst ref call I ever saw. Glad the rule got changed.
Unfortunately Ben choked the game away on the next play.
didn't survive the ground my butt
100% a catch.
Just a prime example that the refs are never on Pittsburgh’s side and that they love raw dogging the fuck out of us
""
"if pittsburgh wins monday against cincinnati, is the division clinched? or do we have to beat the colts/browns too"
Clinched
Or if the Browns lose to the Giants (doubtful).
We’d clinch and it would be huge because we could then even think about resting people to get healthy for the playoffs.  Unless the Chiefs lose in which case we could still be playing for the 1 seed.
""
Lmao take my upvote
This might be the best meme I’ve seen on this sub.
Tyler makes everything better
I have this headset and it really does do this to your head
"Imagine having your felonious assault broadcast on national TV and the next year being praised for being a great ""person"". Fuck garrett"
Deangelo Williams just posted this on his insta
Might as well give Ray Rice an award for trying to stop domestic violence.
Funny shit
"The helmet incident is one thing, yes it's really bad but tempers flare so I guess we can cut him some slack? But blatantly LYING about Rudolph calling him the n-word to try to get him ""cancelled"" is way worse imo. People aren't talking about this enough."
Savage 🤣
Literally laughed out loud and spilt my drink. Bravo
"This is why I’m a Steelers fan, god I love y’all!"
"T1 baby, the absolute unit."
Myles has proven the power of victimization.
Well deserved recognition for Myles Garrett
Or people change. He is doing great things for the community and has made it clear he's sorry for his actions and is doing his best to move past it. Just let it go.
"Serious question, what is wrong with the gentleman's head in this photo?"
Just to remind us all: Ray Lewis murdered someone.
"The sub wouldn't be the same without fresh yinzer opinions. Voice your unpopular thoughts, hot takes and bold predictions here about anything football related.

Hate an admired player/coach? Love a hated player/coach? Do you actually \*like\* Roger Goodell? Think Jesse didn't catch it? (He did.) Any opinion about the Steelers, the rest of the league, or the game in general are accepted! Throw 'em all here!

Responding to someone's comment to create civil discussion and changing opinions are encouraged. DON'T be a damn jagoff and turn it into a toxic argument.

# - Do NOT downvote others because you don't like their opinion.

# - Downvote/Report content that BREAK THE RULES.

# - This thread is intended to NOT shame others who have different ideas and thoughts that go against the grain of the metas in the sub.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And as always, **DON'T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.**"
"This team cannot win a championship with the offense they have been running for the last month or so. If the condensation of the offense is a result of nagging Roethlisberger injuries (and there seems to some thought that it is), then sit him the next two weeks and get him healthy for the playoff run. They can probably beat the Bengals with Mason and at that point there really is not much of a difference between the #2 seed and #4 seed in this years' playoffs."
"Prediction: the benching worked, and Dionte is about to play the game of his life"
Mike Hilton doesn’t get the respect he deserves. One of the most important players on the team that you don’t see much of.
"According to this sub all hope is lost. So my “hot take” is we will figure out how to fix our problems and head into the playoffs confident. All starts with a get right game against Cincy. 
And if we CANT figure out our issues, we’re headed for a first round exit that we 100% deserve."
"We're gonna come out with the same gameplan as the last 3 weeks, and win, because it's the bengals. It's gonna give coaching the confidence to keep it rolling like that. Naturally we'll get slaughtered by the colts, sit starters week 17, come out wildcard weekend, still having the same bullshit gameplan, and shit the bed."
"Ben hates it, but we need to run some play-action if we are going to be successful at intermediate passes and gun game. Tomlin is a great coach, but he needs to put his foot down on this."
"Bold prediction: We win our wildcard game and lose in the divisional round.  One week later, we will find out that Ben was playing on a partially torn meniscus from the Dallas game onward."
"The short passing game contributes to drops because receivers need to quickly turn up field after the catch.

It’s a bad habit by the receivers, but understandable given the frequency of short passes.

Even good receivers would struggle; only great, or hall-of-famer receivers would not struggle."
"I think we win, but it definitely won't be a blowout, the Bengals may actually lead at some point, and it'll come down to the last minutes of the 4th quarter (as is the tradition).

This is the way."
Tomlin and Fichtner forgot they have a fullback on the roster
Heres my hot take. Randy Sphincter calls the same 5 plays all game and we lose by 3.
"After week 12, there hasn't been a true offensive gameplan. Ben has been experimenting with plays to see what works and what doesn't."
"Hot Take: We start to gain momentum against Cincy, really get the ball rolling against Indy, rest some against Cleveland week 17 and then come into the playoffs like a god damn freight train."
Darnold or Haskins would be a waste of time. Darnold for as bad of a situation he is in has shown very little and Haskins was benched for poor work ethic. Would things be better here? Maybe but I doubt either of these guys are good enough to replace Ben.
Shaun Sarrett needs to be replaced ASAP
[deleted]
Patrick Mahomes is not human.
"Going into the season, I expected to go about 10-6 and get bounced in the first round of the playoffs. 

At least now we will go 12-4 or 13-3 and get bounced in the first round of the playoffs lol 😂

I am happy with the outcome of this season. I have always had realistic expectations about how the season would go. We had an unbelievable run and I haven't had this much fun watching Steeler football in a long time. I think if we stayed healthy we could have had a realistic shot at the Super Bowl, but a lot of teams in the NFL season can say that. 

Some positive notes from this season

* We have a great Defense, and we should be just as good next year, if not better. I know we will probably lose Bud and a nickel corner, but a healthy Devin Bush will make up for any losses. 
* Edmunds took a huge step forward and now is an average safety (which is great). Joe Haden is getting older, but still a top 15 CB in the league. Steve Nelson took a step back but both Sutton and Hilton looked unbelievable when healthy. Our secondary will still be at the top of the league.
* Our D-Line looks great and has stayed mostly healthy for a season. We should be just as good next year.
* As mentioned, a healthy Devin Bush could have helped us make a Super Bowl push. Back ups have filled in better than expected, but not amazing. Highsmith has looked like he can be a starter going forward, which is good news if we lose Bud. 
* I will actually take the defense on our WRs. They have had no time to take reps from Ben in practice and it shows. We have a great group of WRs. When Ben gets back into practice and they get time catching balls from their QB and not a backup with a completely different throwing motion, we will be alright again. We have the deepest WR core in the NFL, and it looks like would be fine even if we don't sign Juju next year.
* QB play. Ben has been Ben. I don't love that fact that when he hits the ground he has to check to see if his bones are in place and still work lol, but overall he has looked very good this year. 

Some negative notes from this season

* Our offensive line took the biggest step down I have ever seen. In a matter of 2 years, we went from the best O-Line in the league, to arguably bottom 10. Even with injuries, there is no excuse with Pouncey and Decastro to be so bad. 
* Our running backs....... I don't need to say much on the matter. Connor hasn't had anywhere to run, but I still don't think he is a starting-caliber RB. Don't get me wrong, I love the guy and hopes he is a Steeler until he retires, but he cannot stay healthy, and even when he gets in the game he hasn't looked great. His running style does not work with the play of our o-line. 
* Clearly, we need to groom the next QB. Ben looks good, but he is very fragile. 

Overall, I am happy with the season, and we have shown enough that I will get my hopes up again next year. I think we need to target some O-Linemen in Free Agency and make drafting a QB and RB a priority."
"Ben is too old and one of the biggest reasons why the offense is so one dimensional.
I'm genuinely looking forward to him retiring. 
Honestly had more fun watching the 2019 steelers than I did this year."
Unpopular Opinion: I can’t wait for the “Jesse James caught that” shit to die. It’s been 3 fucking years.
Unpopular opinion: The decline of Big Ben has already started and it's only going to get worse.
We are going to draft another day two WR
Last week I predicted a 31-17 loss to the bills and going 12-4. I still stand by the 12-4. I think the Steelers will exit the playoffs in the first round.  I think injuries are a legit excuse this year.  Ben has one more productive year in him. There's my hot takes.
"We aren’t showing the full playbook now that we are on cruise control to the playoffs. Homefield doesn’t matter as much, and the bye presents risks with COVID."
"After a sweep of the Ravens, it’s all gravy."
"My hot take? The OL gives Ben more than 2.1 seconds to let a play develop and Johnson redeems himself. 

Juju grinds on the 50 yard line for his TikTok dance."
"Our future looks like the current patriots post Ben, at least until we get a serviceable QB. Mason ain't it period and we're not a ""tank for player x"" type organization."
I think Stafford should come to the Steelers. Seems like a good Ben-type passer.
"Since the supposed “unpopular take” repeated 20 times in here is that we lose every game the rest of the season except maybe the bengals, my actual unpopular opinion is we are a good football team that will get better as people return from injuries and we win the remainder of our games, and I like our chances against everyone but the bills and chiefs in the playoffs."
Sutton has CB1 potential
"While Claypool is a good receiver, drafting Dobbins or even Hurts would have been so much more beneficial to this team in my opinion. They were both available when we drafted him. Dobbins would have made the run game something while our receivers still would have been great with Washington, Juju, and Johnson. Dobbins is also a good receiver. Hurts has proven that he definitely would’ve had a chance to be a good quarterback to follow up Ben. Love Chase, but we are feeling the effects of not having a running game and are getting to that point where we really need a competent future quarterback. 

PLUS I have heard people say Chase would’ve been available in the 3rd round."
1 and done in the playoffs if we don’t pull it together
I want the steelers to trade for Trevor Lawrence when he refuses to play for the Jets.
"If bell had stayed we would be undefeated and on the way to a Super Bowl.

Worried without the run game doing well"
"It’s been a few weeks now and it seems like everyone has already forgotten about the Ravens COVID outbreak. I can’t help but think that the delays in our schedule had a major impact on the last 2 games. With that being said, when will the NFL announce their punishment? What will the punishment be? Will the NFL even do anything? The NFL was pretty quick to penalize the Broncos for their small scale outbreak. Why has it taken them so long in the Ravens case?"
"Goodell is going to wave his finger very hard at them over zoom, then he’ll tell them that Lamar is not permitted to be on the cover of Madden ever again"
Their punishment was moving a few games around so Lamar conveniently only had to miss one game instead of two.
"They already announced it.

Here's a link:"
There will not be one. The league bent over backwards for the Ravens when they had the outbreak  and now it is time for everyone to just forget about it and pretend it never happened.
"Ideally it would be their 1st round pick AND WE WOULD GET THAT PICK.

Same for the Titans."
"Oh the NFL will get their money in the form of a fine. That will definitely happen eventually. 

As far as the Steelers being impacted in recent weeks because of it, it absolutely had a negative effect on the team.  Deviations in a schedule can have lasting impacts, and I fully believe that it contributed to our losses. However... most of our wins this year have been sloppy. A combination of an aging QB (I'm a fan of Ben, so it does pain me to say this) who very well may have some lingering physical injuries that limit mobility, an offensive coordinator who consistently calls repetitious plays and completely fails to make proper adjustments through a game, a head coach (also a Tomlin fan and I know this might be unpopular, but...) who is recognizing needed improvements but failing to take corrective action (refer to the first pass of the WAS game to Butterfingers after multiple weeks of performing poorly), the injuries this season, and an offensive line who...I don't even need to point out the obvious on that one. All of that has contributed more to our losses than the Ravens ability to follow Covid protocols. 

But trust me...the NFL will get their money. Don't worry."
"Anybody thinking the Ravens aren't about to get slapped pretty hard are being homers.  Their outbreak has been the worst so far and can be tied directly to reckless behavior.  I think it is taking longer because they probably want to make sure the outbreak is completely contained and all the facts are clear.  

Now, will that make the Steelers feel any better about what it has done to their season?  Hell no.  In fact, at the minimum, they should get some sort of late round draft pick compensation for enduring schedule breaking outbreaks from two separate teams.  But we know that won't happen.  So, there is justification in feeling frustrated by that, but don't think the Ravens will get a pass here."
"I think you underestimate the amount of time it takes to really fully investigate something like this, especially when it affected so many folks within the organization.  Saunders is the easy scapegoat, but the league has to determine it really was him, if it was JUST him, they have to schedule time to interview a ton of people while they still prepare for games.  It's likely not gonna conclude until after the season is over.  I suspect their punishment will be similar to the Titans, a decent sized fine and maybe a late round pick.  I know we're all angry and we want them to take higher picks, but I just don't see the league being that extreme with any team unless they blatantly launched a concerted anti-protocol effort."
"They'll have to spend the rest of their existence as a franchise in a dilapidated third world shithole, until or unless their owner makes another midnight run for greener pastures, leaving them to stew in their own turd broth."
Was just wondering this myself. It did take the NFL quite some time to levy other COVID related punishments. Ravens will most likely get a fine and lose a day 3 draft pick.
1.4million and 3rd round draft pick
It’s ironic too bc they had so many test positive they really don’t have to worry about key players missing any playoff games if they make it since they’re all immune.
You didn't hear?  Lamar got the bubble guts in the middle of a divisional game.  That was their punishment.
[deleted]
Why do we give a fuck about the Ratbirds at this point?
We got the shaft from the nfl but the Rooney’s don’t care. Truth be told we won’t get far with Mike as the head coach
""
i never thought i’d say this but i’m proud of randy
Good to start practicing it in week 15...
"Good. Can’t always rely on the refs to call defensive pass interference. Also, if they’re going to blanket receivers to take away the short game, we need to make them pay for that coverage with some deep balls."
HE'S LEARNING
Talk is cheap. Show me on Monday
Wow that’s like a fix that should’ve happened after the Houston game and they missed like 4 wide open ones.
"Honestly? If they can incorporate the deep ball successfully and turn our offense back into an offense instead of a disgrace I'd be more than delighted to stop saying ""fire Randy."""
Well great ... Nice to say that.
How about we start practicing intermediate passing
"Deep passes require pass protection to be maintained until receivers get down field and open. How does this help our offense when the line is bad and the run game is weak? WRs can barely get open in the mid-range pass patterns and then you'll still have them need to actually catch a football, which they've forgotten how to do on a regular basis. Just not sure what is the real benefit? The deep pass helps when it's actually a threat to connect. Not sure Ben's elbow is an issue or not, but the drops certainly are and prevent the deep pass from having decent success probability."
"I hate that this is even a headline.

But to be honest, I don't even think it's necessarily the deep ball that's the biggest passing game problem, it's that we have absolutely zero intermediate passing game. Every single throw is either five yards and under, or a 40 yard overthrown deep throw. We need to work the middle of the field.

And don't get me started on the lack of  play action or the over reliance on shotgun."
"UPDATE: Roethlisberger did not practice today.

So much for that then, I guess."
but only today
Same man said we’d be seeing a lot more of Derek Watt. I’ll believe it when I see it
"Doesnt matter if our O-line can't pass block for more that 2.5 secs.  Nobody is getting open 40 yards down the field in that short of time.

Then, assuming someone gets open and Ben has 3+ seconds to throw the ball the receivers still have to catch, which I don't have a whole lotta confidence in."
This is posturing so Cin plans for deep routes and then we get em’ w the ole 1-2 bubble screen drop punch.
"I really wanted to post ""~~WE~~ *I* DID IT!"" but people dont pick up sarcasm in text form and I really didnt want to spend my day reading hate mail."
"This is a good idea. I also suggest that Randy takes some time out of practice to have the QB's get under center. Nothing crazy, just have them cycle in and out so he sees that it's possible."
Problem solved lol.  I sure those extra 10-15 rep going deep will fix everything.
Everything stems from not knowing how to draw up run plays. Plain and simple. Everything will follow once you get that fundamental piece settled
lol
Doesn't matter if the line can't block for 3 seconds for players to get down field.
Randy's gut is full of dirty old cheeseburgers
"Randy Translation:

Throwing the ball deep = 1-2 yards past the line of scrimmage."
Prepare for nothing but deep passes all game on Monday.. The Bungles will never see it coming.
This is pretty funny considering Ben took a veteran day off today.
Also... Ben didn't practice today XD
What about the run scheming and the overall catching of balls?
"Incoming 44 attempts over 20 yards next game.

“First possession of the game, what’s Randy got planned?”

“Hail Mary”

“It’s the first posses-“

“Four verts.”"
Maybe they should practice catching them though.
"Run the fucking ball, Randy!"
"O-line is playing terrible, we have no run game, WR's have the dropsies and Ben lost some zip on his long ball. I'm not holding my breath on our offense improving, and the game vs Bengals won't change my mind. If we can produce vs Colts then I'll reconsider"
"Coach Randy: ""The what?"""
Doesnt mean shit if you don't ever call it lol
"Need to spend more time getting people to actually catch the ball.  Also, when deep balls have been thrown, Ben is often under or over the mark."
How about CATCHING the long ball?
I read the first half of the headline and got way too excited thinking they fired him xD
"* Do you think we should target a free agent/trade? 
* Do you think we should try to draft a guy in the draft?
* Do you think we should try to keep grooming Mason Rudolph and push off this problem until Ben finally retires?

Honestly, I think we should try to trade for Carson Wentz. I know this won't sit well with a lot of fans, but I think he is incredibly talented and could be a great fit in our scheme."
"I think we should wait until Ben retires so we don't have another Terry Bradshaw situation where he won't even participate in team functions bc he was drummed out of town at the end of his career.  
  
If you (universal usage) somehow imagine the QB situation will be some sort of seamless transition, then you are going to be disappointed. It's happened exactly once in the entire history of the NFL with Favre -> Rodgers. Montana -> Young doesn't count when you realize Young had been in the league a decade before he ever started for the 9ers.  
  
Just let Ben play until he calls it quits. The infinitesimal chance of finding your next franchise guy while Ben is still playing not only doesn't help your current team, it could easily alienate the guy who has been the foundation of your success for 20 years.  
  
It's a feckless idea. The Steelers know it, and they won't make the Bradshaw mistake again. I promise you."
Rudolph gets a crack and when we go 7-9 or 6-10 in a season well use that #10-20 pick on a QB
Our future QB is probably a sophomore in college right now.
"Realistically they ride with Ben until he retires (after next season maybe?), sign a stopgap or keep Rudolph for a season, and then draft their future QB"
Has anyone mentioned Sam Darnold yet? /s
You could have just read through the other few dozen of these threads to find out.  We only see about one of these QB threads a day.
"I’m an eagles/wentz fan and I am. So sad that the whole nfl fandom has totally given up on Him. Yes this season has been horrendous from him, but he is a talented player and one bad stretch shouldn’t define him. I hope he’s traded somewhere for a fresh start and I think the Steelers would be good."
As it stands right now to get Wentz via trade we're looking at being on the hook for about $25M per year. When would you propose getting Wentz? They aren't going to be paying $25M for a bench player.
"If we want to draft a guy.  We are probably better going burnt earth.  Trade everything of value.  Trade watt for 2 1st round picks.  Have a winless season or two until we can get the QB we want to bank our figure on,

I think we have a lot of talent so I favor grabbing a league average qb in free agency and seeing what we can do."
I really want to get Trey Lance. Dude has so much potential and he will be able to sit a year or 2 behind Ben.
"The two best and most feasible options are Sam Darnold and Gardner Minshew. Let’s face it, those guys are getting replaced by the top two draft picks. Darnold has had a much crappier career yet I think has a higher ceiling. Considering that Minshew has really not done anything to lose his job, I feel like the asking price for him will be quite a bit higher than Darnold. Either way, trade for one of those guys, probably cut Rudolph after preseason, and utilize the draft to build a good roster around whichever guy we traded for. Ben will play next year but I think it’ll be his last, so the guy we bring in will have time to be coached into the system and, especially for Darnold, will have a chance to fully reset. Other than the OL (which I believe should be the key focus in the draft) this team is built for a young quarterback to succeed."
"Josh Rosen.

He’d be super cheap, has a big chip on his shoulder, and a ton of talent - would do Pittsburgh proud."
"If Roethlisberger retires after this year (doubtful, IMO) then you invest heavily in offensive line in this year's draft, let Rudolph got 5-11/6-10 next year after the team has hemorrhaged talent in free agency and then you go use a top 12 pick to go get your guy in the 2021 draft (maybe even move up if need be) and drop him into a pretty decent system (on the off chance that Rudolph actually shows improvement then maybe you ride with him another year and see if its for real).

The more likely scenario is that Roethlisberger signs an extension this offseason and tacks on another couple of years and this gets kicked down the road to 2022-2023, in which case the QB of the future is probably only being talked about on scout.com."
"I think the Steelers could use a complete overhaul of their offense and it starts with their QB. With this in mind, I think they should target a guy such as Jameis Winston if he's available. Or perhaps wait a year and then see if a young mobile QB in the 2022 draft is available for them in."
"The only upside of Ben retiring after this season is that Randy will most likely not be extended...that's probably not happening though.

Outside of that it will just depend on how good this team is next year...if they are terrible and drafting in the top 10. Obviously look at drafting a QB. If they make the playoffs and are drafting in the 20s...maybe free agent or give Mason a 1 year prove it deal. Ideally they are drafting 32nd the next two years, and we figure out the QB later."
"Honestly, wouldnt mind seeing what happens with darnold and wentz. Right now neither of them look like possibilities but you never know what will happen between now and next off-season. Or more realistically, between now and the off-season after that. I don't think Ben would retire after this year so if the jets or eagles wanna move on from their guys this off-season I don't think we're in position to make a move on em."
"Agree with Wentz, but he'll prob cost us a lot.  I also like Sam Darnold how would prob be much cheaper, but both are quality players that would thrive in our Offense. The other option would be to draft someone 1st round, like Trask from Florida, but I think we need help in other areas like our O-line."
[deleted]
"Looks great, marry her! ;)"
""
Can he catch?
"My family has one of these. We call him Stevie Steeler.

We lost the first game after we got him and he’s been locked in the ottoman since 2015."
"My mom got me one for Christmas one year and I ""lost"" it soon after.  Human pillow pets are creepy. It's like they're in the middle of some weird man beast devolution."
Hey guys...
Kill it with fire
My 8month old Son loves wrestling and taking naps with ours...pretty sure he thinks it's a cat since both of our cars are black and he loves trying to chase them. Got it as a gag gift a few years ago and loved tormenting my Wife with it. It's truly a masterpeice!
"My husband got me one for Christmas a few years ago, I keep it on my couch and squeeze it when I get stressed during games, it’s like a really big stress ball."
I have one of these somewhere
"I always wondered why my Purdue one didn’t have Purdue Pete on it, now I’m glad it doesnt"
I just ran across mine a couple of weeks ago!
I have one of these but its the bear one
""
Stop. I have PTSD
"I remember it like it was yesterday. I was at work, at the time I was a waiter. The game was at the end of the 4th quarter and I was constantly hiding back in the kitchen to check the score on my phone. My boss was getting frustrated with me for being on my phone but I didn’t care one bit. Pittsburgh was in the red zone, I was pretending to fill the juice machine so I could watch the scoreboard live. That’s when Jesse James caught that ball. I saw the Steelers take the lead and for all intents and purposes, seal their victory and the #1 seed in the AFC. I jumped and shouted when I saw it, I was so excited, my coworkers (who also hated the pats) were happy for me and I thought that was it, I turned off my phone and went back to work, happy as could be. By this time it was probably 6:30-6:45 and we were closing, so I left the kitchen for not even 5 minutes to go help clean the dining room. When I came back in the kitchen a couple minutes later, it was dead quiet inside, usually filled with the chatter of the staff. All the guys were huddled around one of their phones back by the dishwasher, and immediately I knew something was up. I figured Brady pulled some bs out of his ass like usual and actually managed to regain the lead legitimately, but no, it was so much worse. I remember  checking my phone to see that the score was final, pats win. I was speechless and confused as we all walked down the stairs to the basement to clock out for the night, it would have been just after 7. By then, I already knew there was a controversial call, but I hadn’t seen it myself, until one of my coworkers showed me the play. I was frozen in place, my jaw on the floor. I felt nauseous, disappointed, and enraged all at the same time, since even by then the referees screwing the Steelers had become all too common."
I hate this game. But 2017 Steelers were such a fun team.
It’s crazy how that one play completely changed the rest of that season
I’ve never seen my dad as happy as he was when Jesse James caught that touchdown...and the refs took that away from him
Did you know 3 years ago Jesse James caught that fucking ball?
Man. I thought I had it rough. I had front row to that PI call on Haden in New Orleans. It was the biggest eye roll of my life.
I'm blaming it on you OP.
I was there too. Drove out from Des Moines. Still stings.
I wish the rules were how they are now back then
"Jesse James caught that football.   

Odds are 5-2 those will be my last words."
I’ll be bitter about this until the day I die.
"That was my first home Steelers game! It was wild as a whole. I sat in the nosebleeds and every time I saw Gronk or Edelman open, that Brady dude went straight to them; there were also some Pats fans from Canada sitting behind my group so that was a fun back and forth.

But the most memorable part of that game, outside of the play that forced an NFL rule change, was seeing Shazier on the big screen!"
I flew up from Florida to be able to tell my children that I saw Jessie James catch that football with my own eyes.
"I don't understand this meme, if he caught the ball it wouln't still be recorded as an incompletion. They correct stats when they fuck up, and they didn't correct this."
"Yall are going to downvote me into oblivion. He didn't catch the ball. He didn't make a football move and the ground jarred the ball loose. It wasn't a catch and fumble, it was an incompletion."
""
""
"Fichtner: We're working on deep passes today.

Big Ben: *DNP*"
"So when Fitchner said they are working on deep passes this week, he meant with Rudolph? Lol"
Ben has been practicing two days a week for YEARS. Chill out
Lmao of course Conner is injured
"I wonder how many other QBs in the league miss as much practice as Ben. I get it’s because he’s old and beat up, but it’s clearly having an effect on the teams performance. 

Although he practiced last week and still looked bad against Buffalo so who knows at this point."
"Ben: ""I need to be better"" Also Ben: *Takes a day off*"
"Weird. The Steelers site says Haden DNP.
https://www.steelers.com/team/injury-report/week/REG-15"
Anyone else forget Sean Davis was back on the roster until they saw this?
where's spilliane
Ben needs to practice with the receivers more. It’s clear they don’t have any Synergy whatsoever.
"I will enlighten all of you, based on my years and years of playing professional quarterback, and many more years coaching them, of the logic behind the team's policy relating to Ben's practice time and vet days off. Oh yeah, I have absolutely no such experience. I just like beer and chicken wings. Nevermind."
Is Chuks back too?
Jesus Conner
Ben’s always “hurt” lol
""
Better at blocking probably
Looks about as formidable as our current OL
It's funny because it's true.
Can you build a receiver that can catch?
[removed]
"Yeah get over it, every single year teams have their bye week deleted and have a 3-game stretch that gets changed up and yanked around multiple times leading up to the games for issues that are 100% attributed to their opponent. That's nothing new!"
We do not care
GTFOH
Yes but also leads to mini bye after which was also stripped from us soo not surprising to see us sputtering a little bit right now
The issue was we weren’t suppose to lol  and that’s 4 games in. 19 days who else has played that many games in a row in that short amount of time
The overwhelming majority of the time they have to play a team that also has had to play 3 games in 12 days. Washington got more than a week between their Thanksgiving game and their game against the Steelers. It's absolutely not an excuse but it's a factor.
"Personally. I just don't like that because of 2 teams violating protocol we have had our team's momentum thrown off. That Wednesday game threw the team off and it's kinda obvious. It sucks, but, that's why it's hard to have an undefeated season. I got trust in the team because Tomlin and Ben are usually lights out in December."
"Yeah but those Thursday games are also against teams with a short week. The Steelers had 3 games in 12 days where one kept getting rescheduled and fucked up their preparation, then they had a super short week against a team with 11 days to prepare and then a Sunday nighter on the road."
You don't even get it. And you still took the time and effort to come here just to be a jag
""
My wife got me those same ones on my birthday! They’re pretty dope
Yinz ken flip yer kilbossy wit doze.
Just in time to flip some roasted Bengal on the grill.
Nice.
"FYI - They make a (grill) spatula as well (I have it), looks almost identical to one side of the tongs, with the top of the handle incorporating a bottle opener as well.  ;)"
"If you're cooking what you're making properly, you shouldn't need that blade edge. A $1 pair of tongs should suffice. Things shouldn't stick to your heat source."
I will miss him but I’m very interested in life after Big Ben and the O-Line that has been virtually created for him. Where do you think our offensive scheme will go (or if it will even change up) after much of this line leaves as well as a probable replacement for Connor? (I like Connor but I just don’t believe he has much more longevity in the NFL)
"If Canada becomes OC, I imagine we do an offensive overhaul and grab whatever players fit his system"
"Ben remains for another year. We build the RB's and O-Line through this draft and next one.

Draft replacement Ben and treat him like we treated baby Ben: give him a great run game and a suffocating defense"
I actually hope we go back to a strong run. I love watching a running duo tear it up.
"Till we lose badly or tank, we are not the type to get a low draft QB or a free agent QB to come in and straighten up the team. Our history in drafts (and thereby talent assessment) is poor with QBs, CBs and Safety's. 

We are extremely good at assessing other positions in draft. For secondary, we can always retool from trades or FA. No good QBs ever come available in free agency.. only the has-beens.

So, we are better off relying either on a very high draft pick (whereby talent is undeniable like Ben, or currently Trevor etc.) or wait till we get to a high draft pick through a major trade or tanking."
"Unfortunately for Conner it looks like he's on the fragile side.

unless he takes a ridiculously team friendly deal he will not be resigned."
"I love Ben just as much as the next person, but I’m ready for some Mason Rudolph going deep to Chase for the win!!! Mason can be the next Brady with the right training. Let him work on footwork and pocket awareness and build an actual offense around him. People don’t realize this offense runs specifically for Ben. Mason isn’t a backyard run around and throw it type of QB, or a 2 second in pocket slant QB. Give him an O line and an offensive scheme that fits his play style and watch him work!"
"There's going to be a mass exodus with Ben.  AV, Pouncey, Fichtner and Colbert for sure and I wouldn't be surprised if Tomlin leaves too.  Gonna be an interesting couple of transition years, for sure."
"&#x200B;

[Also happening today.](https://preview.redd.it/3se7cf56pu561.png?width=1194&format=png&auto=webp&s=d91c8d830ec33e7b6a0b90ab93cd425fe9930c93)"
Hopefully they are also practicing catching the deep ball. That helps too.
He had his practice jersey and gloves on during his Wednesday press conference so I assume he practiced in some capacity.
"“I meant with Duck Hodges” -Randy Fichtner, probably"
No comment
"I believe they've been worried about bens elbow, hence the short passing game. That trick isn't working anymore though. I mean hes still fucking throwing it 50 times a game here and there. Let it rip. And if interceptions are a worry, well I'd rather it be picked off 50-60 yards down field that 2 years away from the line of scrimmage.

Thats why Ben has had so many batted/tipped balls also. No arc on the ball in the short passing game. Threading the ball over the line to get it to a guy on a crossing route 20 times a game, you're gonna have some tipped passes."
"Fichtners playbook probably fits on a beer coaster anyways but damn Randy, don’t give away your secrets that easily."
Why do we refuse to move on from Randy.
Wednesday was an extra day since they play Monday night so Ben is on the same schedule he has been all season.
Is there a betting site with how many pass attempts Ben will throw beyond 20 yards? I'd like to put money on the under.
"Randy Fitchner:"" We're going to Practice Throwing me, meatballs today"".


They're fixed it for you"
"It’s like Custer in night at the museum

“When I say ‘we are NOT going to attack’, we attack!”"
So good for Claypool right?
"i sure hope so, we throw way too many short passes"
"Yeah, yeah, good good... Can you also practice catching it?"
"The entire offense is a joke and should be, and is, the laughing stock of the NFL right now. It is absolute insanity that this team got to 11-0"
[deleted]
AB needs Ben. Ben needs AB
"What are the odds of us picking him up? Thoughts? 

If I’m that guy asking the same question AGAIN, I’m sorry in advance."
You’d think people would learn that we don’t have QB money by now
Why don't we just sign every backup QB in the league? I'm sure one of em will be a hit!
">If I’m that guy asking the same question AGAIN, I’m sorry in advance.

What are you apologizing for? I don't mean to be antagonizing, and I am hoping for a response. I'm genuinely curious what you think you're saying ""sorry"" to."
"Well he’s getting 10 mil next year which is def something the Steelers aren’t interested in, if they pick him up it will be the season after, all these qb questions really just hinges on if Ben finishes his contract or if he retires before that or if he signs another extension, the way this season ends will dictate a lot, he wins a sb I’m very confident he will retire on top, if not I wouldn’t be shocked to see him back again, one thing is for sure though Father Time is creeping up on pretty much the only Steelers qb I’ve watched and his time unfortunately is coming to an end"
My takeaway from this game is it must be nice to be able to go to a qb sneak on 4th & 1 when the run game has been iffy all game.. *cries in bomb to mcfarland*
""
""
"James Harrison doesn’t run that pick back before halftime, not sure we win that game.  Ben plays poorly in super bowls"
""
How was his face thinner than it is now and he’s lost weight?? He’s such a damn goofball.
"Love the dude. Not the biggest talent, but the heart to achieve greatness."
damn you beat me to this! lol
Does anyone think he would have played better then chuks has played. Our line is obviously not doing great but i feel chuks is playing decent football out there
[deleted]
I always liked Stafford and feel like he will want out of Detroit before his career is over. Especially if he has a chance to win. He's a UFA in 2023 so could line up for when Ben is gone.
"Depending on what Ben’s planning. I’m not opposed to that, especially considering our options in the interim. Stafford is a solid QB."
Add another to the punch card!
"Zero, unfortunately."
I’d be happy with that if Colbert can pull some strings to make it happen. I’d be even happier with darnold.
What kinda drugs are you on to think we can afford him? Please delete this
"The boys will get straight against the Bungals Monday night and we’ll make our run whatever that may be. 

But thank god were not the Raiders. Lol"
Question: Is our offense as bad as their defense?
""
"Of note:

I flew from Edmonton, Alberta for the game. I didn't care how much it cost because I figured it was the last time you'd get to see Brady vs Ben play that good in their careers. Sure enough, it was one of the best games and sporting events I had ever been too.

The tailgating was unreal (shout out to the other Canadian guy for giving me free beer) and it's a trip I'll never forget. 

Hopefully I'll be able to get back soon."
You are not subtle about your feelings toward the players and I like that 😂😂
""
[deleted]
Too bad you have 31 other decals that you can’t trade and will never use.
What game is this?
This is Rocket League!
I put a hard hat on mine.
Sadly this is probably behind a paywall
"Ok, but did he catch that ball 🤨"
Grinded up to d2 last night with that decal
How much?
Gotta get that saffron octane dude! But hell yeah either way.
YOURE IN THE KITCHEN NOW
"Nice, got mine last night as well!"
God bless
If any Steelers fans want to run it on RL hmu
"My son and I both got our decals last night. Last season we tried for the entire final month and couldn't win a single tournament even at the silver level. Last night we won a gold tournament. Coincidence? I think not.

The teammate we got assigned to us said ""Go Ravens"" after the tournament was over. I thanked him for beating the Browns.

Photo of our cars. I even found a Steelers themed title for my name tag. 
https://imgur.com/a/e0k489I"
Nice! Bought mine yesterday
Dope!!!
i’ll be getting my pack later
Same :)
Wait how did you get this
Where did you find this? How do I aquire this!!!
"Nice! I just wish it came with other stuff as well. Wheels, banner, Myron Cope engine sound, something"
"$8 is a lot for what is basically 1 skin (yeah, I'm not using any of the other teams'), but then again I have a really sweet WWE / New Day themed car design that I really like."
Is this a custom skin or are those available in game?!?!
Wait what???? Is that in the store?
"Now I can have my Flash car and a steelers car...just when I thought I was out, they pull back me in."
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kfgog5)"
I don’t see us dropping another game unless we’re locked in at 2 come week 17 and we rest our starters.
Steelers lose to Colts or Browns to go 13-3.
13-3
Packers will go 12-4 and get blown out in the divisional by the Seahawks I think
Steelers lose to Colts and Browns and end up giving the AFCN to Cleveland. Bills get 2 seed. Chiefs run it back!
[removed]
Ya.. I hate seeing Lamar every time it loads and the ugly purple everywhere.
"Why now?

Is it more than 40% off?"
Who do you think gets it next year?
"Why? Madden 07 is still better, got franchise mode still goin'."
[deleted]
""
Kaboly out here just stating banal facts.
"Red hot shit up in here, Kaboly."
"Wow, there are still some smooth brains in that thread..."
[deleted]
He is not pro caliber
"Really good college QB, does not translate to the professional level"
Not a strong enough arm. Doesnt cut it after november in the AFC North. That's like the Bills drafting Jake Fromm.
"I'm a notre dame fan. You think Ben is frustrating, try watching Book on a Saturday lol. He is a good college qb. Nothing special. He doesn't really improve the players around him."
"Right now he’s being talked about as a mid to late round prospect, but he’s climbing. Mahomes was once considered a round 4-5 guy, and bam he jumped to the first round. Not saying that will or won’t happen with Book, but he’s climbing as more teams get ready for off season evaluation.

He’s biggest plus is his athleticism. He reminds me of a Baker Mayfield in terms of his movement in the pocket and scrambling ability. He will not be able to run away from too many people in the pros, but he has  a little shiftiness to him and toughness, again sort of like Mayfield. 
He doesn’t have a cannon for an arm, but it’s good enough. We won’t see him throwing 60 yard bombs too often, but he throws a pretty deep ball. One 50 air yard toss against Navy that he made was super pretty (honestly better deep ball placement that we’ve seen from a Steelers QB in the last couple years). 

There’s something to be said for production too. He’s done a LOT, not a one year wonder type player. Lot of yards, lot of wins, etc. 

I haven’t watched enough tape to see his overall accuracy yet,  63.3% completion is discouraging tho. That would put him around the button of the league in the NFL (and he should be able to find open targets MUCH easier against college teams than what he’ll see in the pros). Again, I haven’t looked at enough tape to see what kind of throws that is. If they are asking him to throw deep all the time, his percentage will be lower. I’d like to see how accurate he is at all three levels.

He greatly improved his decision making this year with only 2 interceptions. He took more command of the offense this year as well, which is encouraging. 

Imo we need to wait until the year finishes. He’s got a huge test coming up in the acc championship and playoffs. He could rise big time with a huge performance or two or three. 

I have two thoughts, one specific to the Steelers and one general philosophy.

1- the steeers have drafted a prototype QB for too long. It’s always that big and tall guy, often not athletic (Dobbs and exception). I’d love to see the team draft a shorter guy, an athletic guy, etc. try something different! I wanted the team to draft Jalen Hurts last year, for example, as I saw him as someone who could be a total change of pace from the type we’ve drafted and maybe be an answer.

2- This is the general philosophy idea, Never stop drafting quarterbacks. Until you find that guy, just keep on drafting every quarterback that you believe has a shot to be a legitimate starter in the league. We have been blessed for the past 15+ years with Ben, but many Steelers fans recall years of QB uncertainty. Also, think of teams like the Browns, the Jets, the Bears, etc. etc. it is possible to go years and decades without a QB. Ben is at the end here and the team doesn’t have a new QB yet to take over. Draft, trade, do anything you can to get that guy. Whether it is picking up a QB late in round 1 or round 2, whether it is taking a flyer on a guy in round 4, whether it is trading the 2nd round pick for a guy like Darnold who has insane talent but is in an awful spot, just keep looking for that new QB until you get him!"
"As a 7th rounder or UDFA maybe, but anything more than that is a major reach."
After seeing what became of Mason no more project QBs please.  We can't develop them at all.
Doesn’t matter if we draft a quarterback or not if fichner is the OC.
"Playoffs very likely could be KC, PIT, BUF, TEN, CLE, IND, BAL. That would mean we played every AFC playoff team except KC, and played two of them twice."
And the 4 win streak football team. Who looks primed to beat Seahawks
Strength of schedule can fluctuate drastically on a week-to-week basis. I completely ignore that stat now.
I’m not worried about our SoS even slightly. I am VERY fucking worried about our inability to run the ball. It’s literally impossible to beat KC if you can’t chew clock. Our defense is incredible. But if KC gets enough possessions they’re going to hang 35 on anyone.
And don't forget. We've beaten ourselves twice.
And possibly two of them thrice
"Wait, how would both Cleveland AND Baltimore make it?"
I can't see steelers beating Baltimore a 3rd time.
"I didn't pay much attention to Williamson in his first showing, perhaps that's a sign he was doing his job -- how do we feel about his first start? 

Steelers obviously had a stellar first half on defense and I'm not going to fault them for giving up 26 to the Bills when our offense couldn't stay on the field. What was Williamson's role in this performance?

I usually rewatch games but I just don't feel like suffering through the Steelers drives again..."
"He’s a tackle machine (20 tackles over the past two weeks) but can’t really cover. Played almost 90% of the snaps but came off the field on 3rd and long. The Bills were probably the worst matchup for him considering Allen threw over 40 times and scrambled 6 times.

He did his job though. No complaints."
"I feel like he's a more athletic 🅱️ince 🅱️illiams. Solid against the run, but liability in coverage."
Seems to me like he’s perfect for a backup/rotational type guy but does struggle too much in coverage to warrant being a long term starter.  But also a very small sample size.
"Great against the run, bad in coverage"
Gets me alot of picks in madden
[deleted]
10/10 would set my beer on those coasters.
I’m willing to donate a Jarvis Jones card if anyone wants to use it as an ashtray
Those are sweet! How hard of process is that?
I will pay for some of those coasters man
"Dude, open an Etsy page.  I would buy those for sure. I would love a set of Pirates coasters from early 90’s cards. Van Slyke, Spanky LaValliere, Jose Lind, Jay Bell, Doug Drabek, Jimmy Leyland."
"Depends. If we lose Monday you have to burn them immediately they’re terrible, but if we win they’re amazing and you should’ve made them two weeks ago! Lol I’m all seriousness they’re awesome!"
Beer would never fall off of Hines Ward coaster. He’d snagged that shit for ya!
"This is such a cool idea!! My bf and his brother have a huge set of old sports cards in the basement here. Their mom had someone come last year and kind of appraise them. They have no value, sadly. This would be such a cool thing to make with them! Did you get the coaster part somewhere or did you make them (the plastic part)?"
Do they work with Iron City?
These are great!
Love it!!! 🖤💛🖤💛
I missed the one where tony Martin catches a 79 yrd td in the 94 afc championship game.  I think I blew 4 gaskets that game.
My IC Light would go well on those.
Yeah I'd ash in those
I will buy those.
"PURE AWESOMENESS! HERE WE GO,"
A+
Bad ass
Oooh I like those. Great job!
I love them!
Awesome!
This is great work and idea
I love it! Great idea!
How'd you make them? I love these. Ive been trying to think of projects with cards to do and I'd love to try!
where can i buy them and how much?
For this I will part with my hard earned money
They'd look better with Ravens players! They actually do look pretty nice!
"Youre not even a Steelers fan! This is just an ad, they do this for every team."
"If you don’t mind me asking, how did you make these, I showed my wife and she was interested in trying this with some of my old cards"
""
I love rocket league but I'm not paying $8 for 31 other skins I'll never use.
I feel like flexing my Octane that is decked out in Black & Yellow. I think most of this sub doesn't care about RL though haha
Pittsburgh Knights ESports should collab with Steelers/Penguins/Pirates
""
i heard he wasn’t a top 5 safety by a lot  of fans of other teams little do they fucking no mf number 1🤣
You don’t throw at Minkah.
Minkah good
Literally the only thing I and everyone else can ever justifiably critique Minkah about is not wrapping up on his tackles recently
Is that 53.7 including his awful Miami games?
Dude the league is scared to throw his way
That’s my safety!
He good.
PFR has him as 46.3 last year and 84.5 this year
Minkah is our best receiver lol
bUt miNkAH iS TraSh!
"Please use this thread to post anything.  Doesn't have to be Steelers or football related at all.  Don't downvote in this thread.  If you see someone being a jerk, report it, or message the mods about it.  

Need to vent?  Do it here!  

Hate/love something, and want to talk about how much you hate/love it?  Do it here!"
The Mandolorian just took all of our childlike souls on a ride. What a great effing show.
"Got a job interview over the phone today. Wish me luck!

Also, all of these rocket league posts are awesome. If anyone wants to play send me a message"
Any anime fans in the sub have any recommendations? Currently I'm watching Naruto and finishing Seven Deadly Sins
"The furor over the Steelers' downturn, while justified to a certain extent, has been a little much.  Yes, they aren't playing well and likely will be ""one and done"".  However, when people like a caller to ""NSC"" ask about the back-up QBs, that's going over the line.  Ben isn't throwing it deep because they probably don't trust that these guys can catch it."
My wife and I dipped out of town to a cabin in the mountains of WNC for the weekend. I’m so excited
"Imma leave this here for Yinz who ain’t goin’ home next week...

(me included 😥)

[Dahn Tahn Sowg...](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ADyXkIFn-I8)

Fuck 2020...
Happy Holidays Yinz!"
i love how teams have a good running game and then thiers us
I don’t like gen z kids.
The Steelers stores in The Strip are overpriced and are mainly tourist destinations.
"Ffb semis this week. Dionte johnson, claypool, or both?"
"A bit late but if you need a Xmas gift for a die-hard Steelers fan, take a look at the players on Cameo"
I’ve had three nightmares this week about losing to the Bengals and it’s quite honestly stressing me out. I hope I am Nostradumbass rather than Nostradamus
"Hey steeler nation, charger fan coming in peace. I need Chris Boswell to get me 24 points in fantasy so i win go to the championship. It he does, i stg i will buy a chris boswell jersey, breaking my rule of never buying another teams jersey"
What year did you guys think the Steelers did their best? And why?
I’m thinking JuJu has to stop dancing on the opposing teams logo at the 50 before games !! I remember how pissed we all got when Chad Occo wiped his cleats with a Terrible Towel !! It has to causing us some bad karma or to use a voodoo doll word ... Bad Juju !! Just one guys opinion .... Go Steelers Go !! Oops it was TJ Housmandzadeh that did it !!
""
"No credibility because: 2. T.J. Watt. *Pittsburg* Steelers If you can't spell the city right, you're clickbait at best."
"No CB is going to win DPOY giving up more TDs than INTs, even if QBs have stopped targeting him completely. Xavien Howard has a much better shot than Ramsey (and tbh has been playing better than Watt recently). He's on pace to be the first player in 13 years to get double digit INTs."
"Las Angles, Pittsburg, Los Angles"
It's gonna be aaron or tj. Hope for tj but think its gonna be Aaron. This guy's an absolut beast
How the piss does Aaron Donald only have 22 tackles? The 13 sacks count as tackles right? If so he's not even good for 1 tackle a game that's not a sack.
It's Watt or Donald I don't see any other choice
I think and (mostly) praying that Donald already winning multiple times gives TJ an edge solely for the fact people getting bored just voting Donald lol.
[deleted]
""
"Al calling himself a millennial makes me feel weird, and I’m 36. The Steelers are supposed to all be adults older than me."
Probably for the better. Smart man
Good for him. Smart move
He had to have some access to the internet to participate in the early season meetings that were all done via zoom/etc. unless he was actually dialing in on audio only.
She looks a little excited
"He also hasn’t played high quality football in a year. Before you downvote me, I present to you as evidence, our abysmal run game and the fact that Ben has the lowest snap to pass time of his career. There are no excuses for how bad our offense looks considering the raw talent we have at wide receiver. Great offense starts with a great O line"
Bs he has a phone
WOW that Twitter pic lol
"I'm gonna go with he stopped subscribing to an ISP, Brooke. Not the sharpest tool in the shed, are we?"
why is she an oompa loompa?
[deleted]
""
"As Ben falls down.. not very frequent though... he seems to fall on his surgically repaired elbow repeatedly. This could have caused some discomfort and combined with the turn of the weather, it could be getting tight. And, if he wants to sustain the juice for the playoffs, he (and the coaches) are probably backing off from deep throws.

My guess is that he wants to avoid the situation where he was throwing deep in the Seattle game last year, just prior to calling it quits.

A slightly better running game, with more of the same dink-n-dunk offense is what we are likely to see in the Bengals game. They would try to win it with that approach and reserve the deep shots for the playoffs, where Ben can progressively give his arm a try... (because either way, he will likely go home to rest after that)"
"Nah that TD pass to James Washington was a laser. His arm is fine. If he's hurt it's his knee.

I bet he has off-season surgery to clean up his knee."
I mean he was quoted like a week ago saying his elbow has never felt so good this deep into the season. It feels unlikely to me that he's blatently lying about it
"I mean big Ben has literally said the hardest throws for his elbow were the balls he had throw hard to fit into a tight window, not the deep ball."
"I’m thinking it’s a knee, or both knees, that are in bad shape and that’s what has made him look slow and old in the last few weeks."
"Ben's quotes this week:

“I mean, I’m 38 years old,” Roethlisberger said. “I’ve played football for 17 years. I’ve had multiple surgeries. … But other than just an old knee and arthritis, my knee actually feels really good this week, especially after playing on an artificial surface. Typically, that is another issue that makes it kind of ache. After last week, it feels pretty good.”

“My arm feels really good,” he said. “Typically, this time of year, my elbow would be getting worn down and I don’t feel that right now, so I’m very encouraged by that.”

&#x200B;

So... it is neither the elbow nor the knees, according to Ben. ""Pretty Good"" & ""Really Good"" !"
"As someone who has plates and screws in my leg, any time I bonk it off of anything, it hurts like hell for a few seconds and then goes away. I'd bet you $10 this is what's up with Ben when he looks like he's in pain every time he falls on it or it gets hit.

Also, the weather has exactly zero impact on it. It's not like the weather makes it cold or something... It's inside your body lol.

He's said it feels stronger than ever, and I can vouch for that. My surgically repaired leg feels stronger than my real one at this point."
"In general I'm very, very interested in how ideas and beliefs are formed. We see beliefs that are completely wrong every day...but we can kind of see the kernel of truth deep in there. We're familiar with the factual story the OP must have read, but their interpretation of the facts is not something a sensible person would make.

This topic is a good example. It looks like OP read the news last year that said ""Roethlisberger arm injury,"" read the news this year that said ""Steelers offense bad,"" and decided that the two stories must be related and came to the conclusion that Roethlisberger's arm is bothering him now.

Of course, there is absolutely no evidence that Roethlisberger's arm is bothering him. Anyone who is speculating about Roethlisberger's elbow completely ignores that it was surgery to clean up an issue that had been lingering and nagging for years, not surgery to fix a sudden and unexpected break. Anyone speculating about his injury has already forgotten about [this throw](https://twitter.com/NFL/status/1338308593842409472?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1338308593842409472%7Ctwgr%5E%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Ftouchdownwire.usatoday.com%2F2020%2F12%2F13%2Fwatch-pick-sets-up-ben-roethlisberger-to-james-washington-td%2F), which is weird because that throw happened on Sunday. It was a touchdown, a big highlight. I would have thought that we all would have seen it. Someone with a messed up arm doesn't make that throw, so we should try a new conspiracy theory...[or we could read the news](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/12/13/report-steelers-have-serious-concern-about-ben-roethlisbergers-knee/)."
"Honestly its fairly obvious that his left knee is compromised. The fact he's got the zip he does on these balls while hardly driving and planting on his is lead leg is actually really impressive. Just the arm seems like its as good or better than its ever been, the knee is the real problem. The point about not throwing it deep is still fairly valid, because he is struggling to do it, but its not because his elbow can't handle the throws."
They need play action passes.
""
Mother of god
She looks as cool calm and collected as the boz god
"Is it just me, or does Momma Boz look like she's about to calmly walk on the field and nail a game winner from 45 like a boss?"
"My friends still bash on Boz for his down year, I’m shoving this in their face!"
"The downspouts look eerily similar to uprights. 

Coincidence??

*I think not...*"
"Hey Boz... is your mom single and looking for a 55 year old obese smoker who is already married? Because she kind of reminds me of Elizabeth Shue(Karate Kid). Practically the ONLY teenage(or otherwise) celebrity crush I have ever had....

Just kidding man... doing good things with your opportunity is the most honorable thing you can do! Congratulations.

EDIT: forgot to add.... just for a temptation? I also have the blessing of Male Pattern Baldness....Hiuh? HUH?"
This is what heroes do.
✊
Hope we get him back this week. Definitely missed his leg against the bills.
""
He deserves the world
"His growth as a person brings me joy. Nobody deserves it more than him, especially considering what he went through"
I get more proud of Ryan Shazier by the minute. Did I hallucinate Shazier's nickname being Shazbot?
Inspirational! Congrats Ryan! Show the world that getting knocked down does not mean you are out.
Congratulations Ryan (as Ohio State fight song plays on the background)
Ryan is setting them up and knocking them down. Congratulations.
https://i.imgur.com/el5KwQ1.jpg
"we all make mistakes, don't' hold it against him, he is a really great dude, I am sure he can transfer his credits to a real university."
Grats Ryan! Love you dude
Fuck yeah
Let's go!
Anybody know what he studied? I’m just curious
Awesome! That’s how you roll.
"Oh God, he's gonna be insufferable"
[deleted]
"Hey Steelers fans, I was here in the summer posting a quiz about random players from the Steelers in the 2010s, and I've got another quiz now. I'm calling it the ""Franchise Guys"" quiz, and it's basically a quiz testing fans' knowledge of some of the best players in their franchise's history. There will probably be a fair amount of gimmes, but if you've got nothing else to do, and feel like seeing some familiar faces, it'd be really cool if you tried it out. Thank you to anyone who tests out the quiz, and be sure to let me know if you thought anyone else should've been included. Thanks again, and have a great day! [https://www.sporcle.com/games/Levitacus72/pittsburgh-steelers-franchise-guys](https://www.sporcle.com/games/Levitacus72/pittsburgh-steelers-franchise-guys)"
"By franchise you mean dudes form the 2000' and a couple of guys from the 70's, 80's and 90's.

Where is Gregg Lloyd, Donnie Shell, Mike Webster, Ernie Stautner, L.C. Greenwood, Bill Dudley, Wizzer White, Johny Blood?

I'd throw in some non players as well, The Chief, Dan Rooney, Chuck & Bill, Bill Nunn, etc.  
  
Quiz was still fun, but way too easy."
Spelling is tough for these guys but got em all
"TIL Dermontti has two ""T""s."
10/10 2:52 left
Easy but fun. Thanks for sharing!
The spelling was roughh for some but fun quiz
"14/15, couldn't remember Dermontti Dawson's name, though to be fair I was like 10-11 when he retired and didn't really understand the importance of linemen until a year or so after that  (thanks to Alan Faneca, I asked my Dad what was the big deal about him and he explained why the o-line is so important, and that's when I learned that my Dad played guard and a bit of TE when he was in high school) so I didn't really pay attention to them at that age."
100% in 1:25. Pretty easy quiz tbh.
"Fun quiz man, easy but enjoyable. Like a comment above said you should sprinkle in a few more non players that are icons. Also it would be neat if you did a “memorable moments” type deal. I feel like we’ve had enough for a 10 question quiz type deal"
""
Grandparents came through!
That's awesome!
grandparents fr the goats
[deleted]
"You had free access to the stadium during home games, no one knew if you weren't actually working, and you could get paid to watch games in person. And you quit that job? Sounds like a stupid decision to me, man."
So *you’re* the reason I couldn’t find any napkins that day...;)
They knew all our plays that day. Had video on it. Shoulda won the SB that year.
It’s good that you quit and good that you got to watch a live AFC championship game. Eff Tom Brady and the Pats
No wonder the condiments were all fucked up that day.
"Brilliant, should have done that every game."
Wow lol thats a dope story. Wonder how many did the same thing. Ik I would have too
Damn the job sounds like cake but the hours sucked for sure. Thanks for the story its pretty funny
Tell this story to r/actlikeyoubelong
My uncle did something similar at the 79 super bowl .. he paid a vendor that was going to be working inside for his uniform and took it off once he went inside
""
"Juju’s like what, 21 years old there? That grown man got rocked by a kid! We need that physicality back!"
I got the same exact one. My gf got it for me
I'm pretty sure I still see these for sale in the Strip District
Anyone catch juju's pup's insta with this cheeky post and response from juju in the comments? https://imgur.com/PB9SD3V.jpg
[removed]
[deleted]
I like the one of him standing over Burfict.
i love this one but i also love the one of him standing over burfict just a *bit* more
God I hope we sign him
I love juju.
JuJu is a fucking treasure.
Ahh the good old days when fans were allowed in the stadium 🤣😩
I don't care what any of these old yinzers say about his dancing or anything. We need to keep this man. He is a LEADER on this team and he is so fun to watch. He is only going to get better and more mature as he gets older.
Ill save my favorite for when he’s holding a SB trophy over his head
Someone should do a statue of him standing over Burfict and place it at the Point or outside Heinz Field - and have another one out at the Airport.
Hat over helmet is a great look
Is there a high-res image of this?
"My favorite is when he was on his couch watching the game with his helmet on. 

After he got suspended for laying out burfict."
We better sign him this off-season. He’s the most reliable WR on the roster
Same here
"To think, he’s twice as big as was then."
This has been my cell phone lock screen for over a year. Agreed sick picture
I can barely get those beanies to stay on my head and he got it on a freaking helmet
Sign this man
Did they ever catch the guy who stole his bike?
"Awesome photo, maybe not as awesome as the burfict one. He’s gotta stop dancing on the logos tho, the tiktoks are whatever But dancing on the logos and then losing looks so bad"
Kinda thinking he should stop dancing on the other teams logo at the 50 yard line !! Remember how pissed we were when Ochho rub his cleats with a Terrible Towel !! Bad Ju Ju .... I think we are jinxing our games !!
[deleted]
""
""
"Beat the Bengals, wrap up the division. If KC wins against NO and ATL, which they likely will, rest the boys against Browns so we can get Mason Rudolph vs Myles Garrett 2: Electric Boogaloo

Maybe that Jaguars playoff game is still leaving a bad taste in my mouth but I honestly like this path better than finishing 15-1 with a bye and having this big pressure going into a divisional game with all of that time off."
We desperately need the Browns game to be meaningless IMO. Considering the only team getting a bye is the 1 seed I really don’t care if we are 2 or 3.
Will he start if Connor can’t go? How about Jaylen and Anthony?
This isn't the offense for a Benny Snell type RB.
"I really feel like the run was prematurely abandoned against the Bills. Conner and Snell were getting decent gains. 

I also don't agree that Conner isn't a good running back. The games are definitely impacted by his presence, and he does make decent moves in open field. He has certainly sucked ass (or the o line did, I wont be choosey here) against some of the better defenses out there, but I don't know how anyone can tell me with a straight face that he has no impact on games."
Hasn’t gotten enough of a chance. He’s one of those backs that gets stronger the more carries he gets. But with no push from our line he never can get going.
Top tier mouth guard.
"He started a few times last season when Connor couldn’t go. I personally like him, BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL!"
Bring back bettis
"He's similar to Connor and can succeed. The problem is, no RB can succeed right now"
"I like zone runs with McFarland, he's got quick speed off the edge but he needs solid blockers to set that edge."
"I would probably roll with Jaylen getting most of the touches. I don't think he is the best back on the roster, but I think that his skillset can have the most (albeit limited) impact given our offensive situation, especially with our O-line. He is probably our best receiving back and could be a check-down option for Ben if/when the pocket collapses should we decide to try to get receivers downfield more this week."
He's an alright backup/short yardage guy. The oline is currently holding all the backs back though atm. Don't see him ever being a full time starter.
I'd rather give McFarland a chance personally
He’s fine. O-line is playing horribly right now though so it’s tough for anyone to succeed. Think Macfarland should see more touches since he’s got speed to bounce it outside
"An average NFL back. Nothing more. Had hopes for more but two years in, he is what he is.  Running back is a position that definitely needs to be addressed.  Someone with the ability to break off long runs to take some pressure off Ben and the passing game.  Travis Etienne  would be a good get"
I don't think snell is as bad as he's played last few weeks. But he's a work in progress for sure
"We really have no good RBs, so it’s a push."
Snell would probably be the guy due to experience. McFarland would get a few touches here and there. I don’t want to see much of Jaylen Samuels honestly
Benny Snell’s running style is outdated. Putting your head down and running directly into the backs of your lineman is undisciplined and dangerous.
I love him personally but as an NFL rb he’s jag
"I was listening to Chris Long's podcast this morning and he said something that got my attention: the way you beat the Chiefs is by playing keep-up football, not playing keep away football. He expanded on this a little bit, but the cliff's notes version of it is to beat the Chiefs you have to outscore them, because they manage to neutralize even the best defenses.

I was curious about this, so I decided to go look at a few different numbers, and sure enough it seems legit. 

* In games that the Chiefs and Mahomes have lost in the last 3 years, they have scored 32 points on average. Even if you want to take out the 54-51 point loss against the Rams as an outlier, they still score 29 points on average in their losses.
* In games when the Chiefs and Mahomes have faced a defense that finished the year top 5 in scoring defense, they have scored 29 points on average and they are 7-0 in those games.

So if the Steelers want to make a run at another Super Bowl - and if that road presumably goes through KC - they're going to need to find some offensive firepower quickly, because playing great defense and hoping to do just enough offensively to get a win does not seem like the formula."
The Steelers are in serious danger of not even getting to the chiefs
Steelers should focus on a divisional opponent that they play in 48 hours in the midst of a 2 game losing streak in December in which we can't throw the ball deep nor run it effectively.
"> to beat the Chiefs you have to outscore them

Facts."
I don’t honestly think they can beat the Chiefs but I keep that to myself lol
"Nonsense.

You had to have enough firepower to keep up with Brady and Moss and the 2007 Pats.  Until the Giants held them to 14 points in the SB by imposing their will upon them, rather than letting it happen the other way around.

The path to success is never to give up what you're best at to focus on what you're worst at due to flawed, reductive reasoning.

If our guys can create the kind of difficulties for Reid and Mahomes that limit their scoring potential enough that we can sneak past them, that's going to work a lot better for us than clicking our heels together and wishing we were suddenly an offensive powerhouse.

They score a lot of points in their losses, while suffering very few losses, because they're a high scoring team, and a very, very good one.  That doesn't make it a magic formula.

You want a magic formula?  No team has ever won a game while scoring zero.  That doesn't mean we should go into each week ""planning"" to pitch a shutout.  You optimize for what you do well, gameplan against what your opponent does well, and hope the balance comes down on your side of the ledger."
I'll worry about the chiefs when/if we get there. Let's clinch the division first. Too much looking ahead rn.
"If they can't change how bad the offense is right now, they'll be lucky that they don't lose to the Browns in back to back weeks. I think they'll go 1-2 over the next 3 games. Playing only backups on 1/3. Just afraid that they're beyond one dimensional and are stuck that way."
">	to beat the Chiefs you have to outscore them

There’s a John Madden meme in here somewhere. 

I dunno, I think our defense is capable of keeping them in check."
"I don’t see them beating any afc playoff team as they sit right now. Hopefully that changes, but KC doesn’t even matter at this point."
"Steelers need to worry about beating the Bengals, with the way we’ve been playing there’s a strong chance of finishing 11-5 and being one and done in the playoffs."
"For what it's worth too Mahomes and KC have zero bad losses in their almost three year run. Only one loss to a team that was under .500, the Titans last year shortly after Tannehill took over.  KC then beat the Titans in the AFC CG."
"It's an interesting take, but I agree with those who have basically said dance with the girl who brung ya. We need to remember our identity right now, not reinvent it. I forget who (Bills?) But somebody kept KC out of the end zone the entire first half a couple weeks ago and led at halftime. They couldn't maintain it over the course of the second half but there is material there to work with. IF the Steelers right the ship, and IF they put a run together and get to play the Chiefs in KC, I firmly believe they have a better chance of winning that game 17-12 than 48-45. Here's hoping we can revisit this discussion in late January."
Imo the key to beating the chiefs is controlling the clock and keeping Mahomes on the sideline.
There's not even a guarantee that the Steelers play the Chiefs this year. I guarantee you Tomlin and co won't even consider crossing that bridge until they come to it.
“...to beat the Chiefs you have to outscore them.”
"There is no stopping the Chiefs offense. The 49ers had a great defense last year, and even they could only keep it contained for 3 quarters. The offense has to keep up with the Chiefs offense and the defense has to come up with situational turnovers to win"
You’re talking about the chiefs like the Steelers are good enough to even get to them lol
"Part of the keep away strategy implies that you’re scoring at the end of those possessions too (and not just FGs either).  Holding the ball for significant amounts of time against a high powered offense is worthless if your offense also doesn’t put points on the board at the end of those possessions.  It’s really more about maximizing the stops your D does make, realizing that those may be few and far between.  The last thing you want to after your D just forced a punt is go 3 and out, using only 1:15 of game clock in the process.

But you’re delusional if you think that just because you win the time of possession against a potent offense that you’re going to win the game 16-13.  You most definitely need to put up some points against KC to have a chance."
In other news water is wet
"I watch a ton of football and also an avid fantasy footballer to boot.  I noticed our offense this season other than screens doesn't throw to the flats to our RBs that often.  I watch a ton of teams throw to the ""safety valve"" and alot of the times the offense picks up crucial yards esp 1st downs to keep the chains moving and also exploits mismatches like leveon used to. Out of 525 targets this season, 61 have gone to the RBs which are mostly screens from what I've seen. I dont think we use our RBs in the passing game to our advantage.  I understand Ben throws quick af this year compared to the rest of his career for obvious reasons, but I just miss utilizing ALL of our weapons when we need them the most . Also I miss Heeeeeeeeeeeeathhh, the man could catch a ball, and yes Jesse did in fact CATCH.THAT.FUCKING.BALL ! 
Anyways Rant over, Go Steelers!!"
[removed]
Sorry if this was already done but I don’t see it anywhere???
Let's gooo. Get that division title
I’m more nervous than excited
There will be a football game today! Of that I am sure.
It's 3 am at us time!
"The Mods held my posts up at [midnight](https://i.imgur.com/Bm1ZURQ.jpg).

Glad to see someone got the wake up call out. Now where is the Chinese food?"
Nice! I'm beyond excited to see big ben throw 30 3 yard passes!
"On today's episode of: ""How will the Steelers piss me off THIS week?""!"
"I'm up, I'm up!  Not much (positive) to prove today.  But let's hope it's a first step toward getting back in playoff form.  

Santa:  For Christmas, I want Ben to complete a pass that travels at least 20 yards in the air.  Oh, and a 100-yard rusher."
Morher?
**AFCN** **CLINCHING** **DAY**
LETS FUCKING GO BLITZBURGH!!!!
"Bengals fan here, just wanted to pop in and say hello. 

I wish our head coach could suit up and take the ass pounding Ryan Finley is going to take from you all tonight. 


Hoping you all drop 40+ on us and put us out of that misery from that shitbag coach we have."
"Ima need us to crush the Bengals today, truly"
"I'm feeling pretty good about the game tonight, I feel like we can start to fix some things that we've been struggling with lately and the Bengals are the perfect opponent to do it against! And my outlook isn't usually positive. Let's fucking go!"
"It's game day, we are gonna win the division today by spanking the Bengals and my wife and I close on our first house today! Today is a good day!"
The time has come and so have I.
c'mon bro @ least spell the low-rent gameday post right ya dumb morherfucker
WIN THE NORTH!
Who has a bigger game?? Diontae or Juju?? 🤔
Had to wake up for work anyway but thanks
Any update on whether Vince Williams will play ?
"Can we please, for the love of god, score on our opening drive?"
Comment #69
"Yay, can't wait to wake up for another 3am game as a European!"
"If our offence plays shit today, I'm ready to forget this season lol"
We’re well rested and got the droppies out of our system. LFG!!!
"Honestly I want us to wipe the floor with the browns. Totally irrelevant to today’s game but the absolute morons at r/nfl coming after me for saying I didn’t like Baker’s arrogance for constantly coming out with stupid bullshit references.

Let’s face it the whole “quiet confidence” was a facade and he’s the same arrogant asshole who people criticised last two seasons.

The responses included circlejerk irrelevant bullshit such as: “but what about Ben” or “you must be fun at parties”.

That’ll teach me for having an opinion haha."
Isn't supposed to be GAME NIGHT!!!!!
Here we go!! Love seeing the international fans!
im not feeling good about today.  This team has got to drop the hammer tonight and by a wide margin
"ITS GAME DAY

DAS IT"
Arrrrn City!
"Going to the game with 3 drunk bengal fans. But tickets free and down low !!!!

Let’s go !!!!!"
You guys afraid of ol' noodle arm finley?
Stack the sack record with one more boys let's go!
Fuck yeah! Let’s goooooooo.....really hope it’s not a classic steeler game fuck up
‘Fuck ya!’ *he nervously screams
Let's go!!
Maybe text Ben and make sure he’s awake.
LFG!
[deleted]
the steelers could lose the AFC north if they dont start winning cause the cleveland browns are winning now...GO STEELERS!!!!
A win tonight clinches the division for the Steelers.
[deleted]
You really think we will lose to bengals lol?
[removed]
Not sure the two things are related but either way congratulations on getting your license!
[deleted]
"Normally I wouldn't give this much thought, but given where the Steelers are currently (cap situation, current window, etc.) I do wonder if those jobs become a little bit more enticing. This would be a really difficult offseason to lose members of the Steelers brain trust (especially a cap guru like Khan).

EDIT: minority *owner* of the Steelers."
"Khan has been groomed to be Colbert's replacement either for 2021 or 2022.  Nothing's impossible, but I can't see him leaving."
"Well, you can’t have them!!"
"K. Colbert said he was close to retiring this last offseason. I just don't see him moving down to the dumpster fire that is Carolina right now. Omar Khan is who we should really be worried about losing. 

However, with rumors that NFL is really pushing for a london team, and no new stadium deal for the Panthers, they're one of the teams being talked about moving, which equally sounds unfun to try to hop into. Jax probably stays in Jax if they get a Trevor Lawrence type."
"https://steelersdepot.com/2019/12/david-tepper-on-suggestion-hed-go-after-mike-tomlin-you-think-id-art-rooney/

Dealing with similar rumors last year. Tepper had a pretty candid take on the rumors."
Losing Brandon Hunt is what I’m most worried about.
"I’m surprised by the firing. This team has exceeded expectations, especially being without McCaffery most games. Plus they have a respectable defense and a good WR group"
"I wouldn't be concerned about Colbert. At this point in his career, it's very unlikely that he would move someplace new just for a lateral move."
Omar Khan is the wizard when it comes to the salary cap. It feels like the Steelers have been in cap hell for the last 10 years yet they still find a way to be fine.
"I’m more worried about Brandon hunt. Imo, he’s the guy that will take over for Colbert when he hangs it up."
"We've navigated those turbulent front office waters smoothly and successfully for half a century.

My worry over this situation is zero.  We've got good guys in the front office, and if they head to greener pastures, I'm 100% confident in the process we'll employ to go out and get some more."
"They fired a guy because he wasn't into analytics

The Steelers are most certainly not into analytics and would not fit that bill"
Why would Colbert want to leave? Money?
"I think I could reword this.

28 NFL teams want to target Kevin Colbert.  I doubt there are more than a handful of teams who wouldn’t fire their gm and hire KC if KC decided he wanted their job."
">given where the Steelers are currently (cap situation, current window, etc.) I do wonder if those jobs become a little bit more enticing

I don't follow this reasoning. Are you suggesting that Steelers FO staff might leave for other jobs because they don't want to deal with a cap situation and an old QB who will retire soon? If so, I'd disagree with that and I think that in general, us fans need to do less speculating on possible emotions or feelings leading people leaving for other teams, even players in free agency. For many, it's a job. If front office executives like Khan or Brandon Hunt leave, it's likely because they have a great job opportunity to be the GM of an NFL team. We don't need to make up an insult about the Steelers and suggest that they'd leave because they're trying to bail on the cap situation and age of the QB.

I have no doubt that Tepper will try to poach some Steelers staff, and I won't be surprised if he does take some. But I would never say that those jobs are ""more enticing"" ""given where the Steelers are currently,"" I don't understand that at all."
"Colbert’s retiring. Khan is his replacement. 

Moving on."
[removed]
[removed]
BRO FIX YOUR BOTS GOOD CHRIST
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
""
[removed]
"I understand that Big Ben will hit the salary cap for just over 41 million dollars.  If he decides to hang up his cleats, does he still get that money?"
According to 93.7 this morning he has informed the Steelers that he intends to return next year.
QB salaries are getting crazy.  That's why some are saying you have to win with a QB on their rookie contract to be able to pay for the rest of the team or have a true franchise QB or the cap doesn't work.
[Ben will be back in 2021](https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/30571955/sources-pittsburgh-steelers-qb-ben-roethlisberger-intends-return-18th-season)
He's already been paid most of that money.
He probably will get another 1-2 year extension to spread out that cap hit regardless of how long he plays
"We would have around 19 mil in dead cap, which wouldn’t be enough to go under cap or sign a big name QB"
Biggest cap hit in the NFL baaybee.
"Don't confuse salary cap hit with actual cash payment. The team's actual cash payments to Roethlisberger will be a $15m roster bonus due on the third day of the league year, along with a $4m base salary to be paid out over the season. 

The cap hit is that amount + the prorated part of Roethlisberger's $37.5m signing bonus; he likely got paid that in 2019."
"That's just the cap hit from restructuring.  Ben's already gotten most of that money.  The bigger question is that if Ben retired (he's not planning to, by most accounts) what happens to that cap hit?  Does it immediately come off the books?  Become dead money?  I don't know the rules."
"Cap gets hit at least 22 million no matter what next year. Even if Ben retires or the Steelers cut him, we still have to have that 22 on our cap.

But we would still save 19 million if Ben retires or gets cut. Otherwise, if he plays, it's that 41 million."
Hopefully they can draft Ben's replacement this year and give him a year on the bench to learn. The alternative is the team is terrible with Ben next year and the teams drafts high enough to get someone who can start as a rookie.
Damn were hit with big injuries on defense...and we have no running game...and just look at last year lose our QB...we cant plug other players into those critical positions...and cincy gonna beat us gee's
[deleted]
[removed]
"With the inevitable trouncing you're going to give the Bengals this week, you should sickeningly have the division locked up with a clinched playoff berth. 

That being said, what are the chances you rest your starters week 17? Do you think Tomlin will risk injury in a meaningless game for the sake of rivalry or play it safe and give starters rest before playoffs?

That being said, fuck you, respectfully. At least you aren't the Ravens."
"> inevitable trouncing

hahahahah"
"If the first seed is still in play I bet starters start. Also, fuck you too. And fuck the ravens."
Depends on our chances at the #1 seed. I know with as hot as the chiefs are that’s extremely slim.
“inevitable trouncing” boy u tryna jinx us huh
Fuck you.
Tomlin will do what is necessary during the course of the game to provide the best route to success. And your dad is a douche.
Lmaoo he jinxed it
"Seeing as how we got screwed out of our bye week, and how many injuries we have, I fully expect Tomlin to rest the starters."
"Pretty likely we start the starters.

I hated the browns of old, and have pitied the browns of today.  It has been nice watching Mayfield do more than make (awesome) commercials.

So fuck you, fine sir!  We'll see you in January, all guns blazing!"
This aged well
"I see what you're doing here. Trying to distract me from my fanmanship duties tonight so that, without that cosmic energy in the universe the Steelers lose to the Bungles. I'll fan for week 17 when week 17 comes. Right now I am singularly focused on the fan task before me and things of that nature."
"... I blame you u/BakerIsMyDad 

This is your fault lol"
"I've been waiting all my life for our rivalry to feel fair, and to be able to happily say ""fuck you!"" to Browns fans... rather than secretly rooting for you you guys to get good so that it was fun.

So hi, Clevefriend - Fuck you!"
First paragraph is not aging well.
LOL
"You know this is completely and utterly irrational but I'm going to blame you for this loss

Fuck you"
lmao?
This post didn’t age well
"Out of all our division rivals, I respect pittsburgh and hate you the least. Lol."
"Fuck you and I'll see you Week 17. 
P.S. Fuck the ravens more. Fuckin Dirty Birds"
">fuck you, respectfully. At least you aren't the Ravens

Likewise stranger"
Just fuck you too ! I at least respect the ravens
Fuck off
What was that about a trouncing?
Oof.
*insert sad Jordan Meme*
This didn’t age well
This didn't age well
Things just changed
"Thanks for jinxing us bro, now can you please say that the Browns are going to shit on us or something?"
Just had to jinx it
"eh, no respect in this one... fuck you, and fuck Cleveland"
"I love the ""at least you aren't the Ravens"" Good luck the rest of the way, sir."
[deleted]
"Others have mentioned that we'll obvi play our starters if there's a chance of taking the #1 seed from KC, but I'mma add that we'll also be playing our starters if the 2/3 seeds are still uncertain between us & Buffalo. 

Between those two scenarios, it's very unlikely that we'll be resting our starters"
"Might have to bring in Landry Jones to beat ya'll but whatever it takes....

For real though I expect and hope for a rest week...1 seed is gone."
Why did you have to jinx us?
This did not age well
This is some top level preemptive trolling.
Weve all ready locked up a playoff birth.
We'll probably rest ben in the second quarter but other than that i don't think anyone really. also fuck you too.
"Fellow Browns fan here, u/BakerIsMyDad great work jinxing them. We’re coming for the North now"
depends on the seeeeeed we will get
"If there is anything at stake at all, even holding the 2 seed, I’m sure we’ll play the starters. If nothing at stake, meaning no matter the result we remain where we are, then we’ll sit our guys."
"I think there is a good chance Tomlin rests some players. In 2017, the Steelers would have become the 1 seed with a win and a Jets win but Tomlin still decided to rest players and give you guys a shot at ruining the perfect season. There would be a lot less to play for this time around especially assuming KC beats Atlanta."
"> Do you think Tomlin will risk injury in a meaningless game for the sake of rivalry

TBH, yes.

> That being said, fuck you, respectfully.

Love you too, boo."
"Somebody should make the epic handshake meme for Steelers and Browns fans with the caption ""Fuck the Ravens"""
"I don't think we will knoo that till the final week

It really depends how we do against the Colts and where the seeding puts us.

I was playing with the ESPN playoff machine and if the games go the way 538 predicts if we rest/lose to you in week 17 we would be playing you the next week in the wild card."
"We need to win out to have the number 2 seed so it ain’t gonna happen unless we lose to the Colts. Then again, we would still want to win week 16 so we keep the 3rd seed.

So, it just ain’t gonna happen unless the Bills lose and we win next week."
"I wish the Steelers trounced. We get one good game like that a year and we already used it up. We win by 7 points, maybe."
Fuck it rest em week 16 and 17. Could hurt the Ravens and 2/3/4 seed all the same imo.
As others have said— if there’s a chance to earn the 1 seed in the final week then we’ll play our starters. If not (which seems inevitable with KC playing so well) then we more than likely rest most guys which will allow y’all to kick our ass. Tomlin might let our starters play a quarter or two but probably not since we’ve been stacking up so many injuries the last couple weeks.
"I think it honestly depends on the Colts game.

IF Pit wins tonight but loses to the Colts next week, Pit could be in danger of dropping to the 4 seed. In that case I think the starters would play at Cleveland."
"I can see starters resting for both sides if browns continue to take care of business.  11-5 gets ya in, and all 3 of the steelers,  bills and titans/colts are a tough match up."
"If we can't move up or down in seeding based on week 17, I'm fairly sure all the starters will be rested.

If the game matters, they won't rest anyone.

Also fuck you, but at least you're not the Ravens and at least you're not those cheating fucks in New England or that super cheating fuck that moved down to Tampa Bay."
No way do the Steelers try to back into the playoffs. Right now they need momentum. Timing has been a huge issue so more snaps together the better. If someone goes down? Next man up.
"I can only see defenders getting some rest in the 2nd half. 

Offense doesn't deserve any, plus they need to get some momentum happning. 

I see the browns resting more players than us at this point in time"
"Of our rivals, I definitely hate you guys the least. I also appreciate the very entertaining game against the Ravens, despite the loss. You guys should be proud of that one nonetheless. I'm hoping for the same entertainment tonight, starters or not. 

That being said, Merry Christmas and go fuck yourself :)"
"Honestly, I’m more concerned about the Bills jumping us for 2nd place."
"Hey, fuck you. Judging by past history, if the first seed is out of the question, yes, the steelers will rest their starters."
"I see what you’re doing, saying we’re gonna trounce them in order to build up that negative karma so we end up losing.  

Anywho, IF we win tonight then yes there’s a very fair chance we rest starters week 17.  Maybe even week 16 because with the Chiefs win this weekend, catching them for the 1 seed seems unlikely.  I’d say the only way we don’t rest any starters week 17 is if we have a shot at the 1 seed still."
Hey buddy if Baker is your dad does that mean your mom is 15?
Oh god
this aged well.... DAWG CHECK WOOOOOF WOOOOF WOOOOF
This post didnt age well.
"If we lose in the playoffs, I'm routing for the Browns and the Bill's. Got to support your special needs little brothers."
Need to play for #2 seed
"> With the inevitable trouncing you're going to give the Bengals this week, you should sickeningly have the division locked up with a clinched playoff berth.

If the division is up for grabs in two weeks it's going to be a fun game. GO BROWNS"
[deleted]
Big talk for a team with no logo!  Shouldn’t your qb be making a commercial?
[deleted]
[removed]
Ayo what the fuck
"Sir, this is a Wendy's."
Bro?
So hot right now.
Just threw up in my mouth a little...
Well ok
What?!?!?!!?!?!?!
Maybe this went a little TOO far.
Love sarcasm.
Saw conflicting things online and wanted to know what was correct.
Yes
"Yes. At worst, with a win tonight, Steelers could finish tied with Browns at 12-4. But Steelers would have 5-1 division record to Browns' 3-3."
C
Where did you see anything conflicting this? Has been set since Balt beat Cle last week. We win and the division is ours.
Yes we do HERE WE GO!!!!!!!
"Si.

Steelers would have 12 wins, and the best the browns could hope for is 12 wins.

We'd have the tie breaker even if that happens."
"Yes, and we would be fighting for 2 or 3rd seed I think. If we win"
Oooo I’m tryna order a sexy t shirt if we win 👀
Yep. We would already have the tiebreaker over the Browns since a win tonight would give us 5 divisional wins. Cleveland has already lost 3 of the 6 divisional games.
"This will always be one of my favorites: Disappointing season post SBXL, the Bengals needing a win to make it to the playoffs and this happens:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RTf1FZNU4q4&list=PLGESLXrluDQH8MdInI2sxEHTvV40SJoP5&index=60

Bonus: ""An unheralded Steelers' receiver"" - just wait."
Pacman Jones crying on the bench after he and Vontaze Burfict handed us the game in the Wildcard Round of 2015.
William Gay’s pick 6 + celebration
"https://youtu.be/_T7RPmoC3I4 ""Big Play"" Willie Gay and his pick 6+ insane celebration lmao

https://youtu.be/V1Xgkji2Gy8 Martavis' outrageous and courageous catch in *that* wild card game

Juju's karma block on Burfict is up there too."
Jeremy Hill being upset over his fumble then boz sealing the deal.
THEY SHOT ME IN DENVER
Jujus block will never be topped.
https://youtu.be/X7PbTNds7u8
""
""
""
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/khnmr2)"
If we lose in the wildcard .............. oh boy 😳
"Right now it feels like a Wild Card exit but just a few weeks ago it looked like we were looking at the AFC Championship to a minimum. All depends on what Steelers team we get in the next 7 weeks. 

I'm gonna say Lose in Divisional for now but I think there's still a Super Bowl contender hiding in this team. Will it come out? Who the heck knows."
"It all depends on injuries man...if everyone aside from bush, banner, and dupree get healthy - could see a real run.

If we are still missing Feiler, Spillane, Dotson, Bince, etc. - we are screwed."
"No running game, poor play calling, tired defense every game, spells early exit.

I think if they show some offensive improvement in the next few weeks, then there is a chance. Otherwise, one and done."
[deleted]
The first game looks like it will be against Baltimore which I can't see steelers beating them again.
This really depends on final seeding. Baltimore-Buffalo-KansasCity looks like the most likely bath to LV. That is a gauntlet to say the least.
This team tonight might not win another regular season game
"I said 'Lose in the Divisional Round', but they can show me enough in their last three games to push me into that last category. The defense is legit and the offense has too much talent to be this inconsistent (even accounting for the difficulties at OLine). Even just getting back to the September/October version of themselves is enough to put them into contention, IMO."
If the offense can figure out and solve their issues I love our chances for a deep run. If not it's one and done.
Should be a definitely win the Super Bowl option
After watching the first quarter against the Bengals can I change my answer to lose in wild card.
"Hmm, let's see.  Incredibly predictable play calling.  Shit O-line.  Can't run.  Can't pass.  3 second or third string linebackers.  At this point they'll be lucky if they make a single 1st down in the playoffs."
This team will not win a playoff game.
Wow y’all are some negative babies today
Right now I'm saying one and done until they prove they're capable of something else.
Can't say for sure if I haven't seen any improvement on Offense
Next week's game will tell us alot about this team moreso than tonight will.
It looks like we’ll be going to another team’s city.
https://youtu.be/s2R2sH2ScBM
One and Done because of our inept offense.
This is a one and done team if I’ve ever seen it. If they can’t figure out how to run the ball before the playoffs it’s over. This team was hyped to hell but was always a paper tiger. This was the only time in maybe the last twenty years I didn’t believe in the team and the proved me right. I’m not gonna lie I started to think maybe it was special after they beat Jacksonville but they honestly don’t have a single dominant win all year. This team was probably one of the worst that has been put out there in recent years. My prediction for this year was 0-16. At week 8 I expected them to finish 8-8. They are just proving me right. Sad.
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
What did I just read.
Dad you're drunk
Yo do you smell toast?
Get Rekt newb 😎😎
epic pwnage 😎
I have so many questions
Fuckin what?
[deleted]
""
""
"i want to see derek watt mow down some linemen in the RZ tonight.





will i see that? doubtful"
this is shocking news. I can't believe it
Doesn’t matter tbh
Of course he is
Oh no now we’ll only get 30 yards instead of 45.
"As much as I like James Conner and his story. I would really like to see the Steelers draft a good bruising back that's got some agility. Agreed the Oline is struggling, but Conner has never impressed me, and he's super injury prone."
Let Derek Watt play half-back at this point...can't do any worse and at least he gets in the game.
This Conner guy is great at being injured
"He’s a great story and great competitor, I’ll always root for him (unless he’s a raven brown or bengal) but he hasn’t been a difference maker and isn’t worth prioritizing on a roster with a cap crunch. These are his last days in Black and Gold I think, and I’m fine with it. Wish him well but it’s time to move on."
[hot take](https://preview.redd.it/35lqnh5xrfb51.png?width=750&auto=webp&s=d9125ddd1246a4b80c9be36e422537738d3408ec)
Conner's injury history is unreal
Benny Snail to the rescue!
Line up with benny snell and derek watt and MAKE HIM RUN.
"An average RB, AT BEST, who is consistently unavailable.  I'll be glad to see him move on next year."
"Good. Conner/Snell should not be the difference in this game (if it is, they're already in trouble) so get Conner 100% right for the playoffs. After this slog of a season, I am all for load management going into the playoffs."
"Update boys:

I have made the trip to Cincy for the game tonight. Who’s here?"
"I've said it before, but I think with our awful O-line play Jaylen Samuels is the best choice we have on our roster at the moment. Benny is a better pure back, but Jaylen has better hands so he can be used as a receiving option as well. Benny is a power back and needs those first couple steps to get moving. Our line can't give that to him right now."
Oh no...../s
I think they should just start reporting when isn’t questionable because at this point it’s every week. I feel bad for the guy no doubt he’s a hard worker but he’s just made of glass
"I love James Conner, but with the air attack being wishy washy with the drops, I really hope we start opening our horizons in the RB game"
Benny Snell football
"WE WANT WATT!! WE WANT WATT!!

What else do we have to lose at this point to just see the man play?"
"I love James, but unfortunately his body just can't take it again. Lets just let him go and either draft a 3rd or 4th or even make a play for Lev again since his stock has plummeted."
"Honestly, I think even Derrick Henry would struggle given how bad the line has been at run blocking."
"Damn, but if he had to miss a game, this one should be okay.  You never know with the Steelers though."
Interested to see who they draft next year. If Bens coming back they need a much revamped run game.
Glass man is fragile?!?
Still shocked about Kevin Greene.  Puts life in perspective
Conner has to go. Period. He's never been a quality starter. Always on the sidelines.
RB is a position of need next draft. Conner can't play a whole season.
"Conner can't stay healthy. That is a fact.   Down vote all you want but Conner is not reliable and after watching this most recent debacle vs Cindy, neither is Ben.  We would be better off next year with Matt Stafford"
It sucks because I love love love conner it's going to be tough seeing him walk next year. They might keep him on a cheap deal
Conner has always been made of glass.
"Not to be callous, but good. He's, like, trash."
"As much as I like Connor, he's a bit of a sick dog at this point"
""
""
[deleted]
Pretty self-explanatory title. Curious what yinz are sipping tonight for the game! Also fuck the bungles
The tears of my enemies
Lately....Antacid
"Bud light. No more than 2 per quarter
Yuengling is reserved only for victory beer.
(Big deal because I'm on west coast and have to have friends mail me yuengling)"
Peroni and pizza.
Given I’m in Australia. Normally coffee.
"Usually a lot of water, but a lot of wine these past few weeks."
Off the board: Hot Chocolate. I make it for my family.
Ice cold water. r/hydrohomies unite!
Penn brewery st nikolaus bock
"Two 24oz Bud Lights, two 24oz Coors Lights. One per quarter."
"Rye and ginger, then switch to a nice whiskey for the fourth quarter. If they Bungle this game (pun intended), may need to finish the whole bottle after"
Guinness
Sippin on a Good Life Descender now... got some TriceraHops in the fridge for later. 😏
Lean
Iron City Beer
"Tequila, lately lol. Caffeine is usually before kick off and a lot of water afterwards."
Lots of cold brew
It depends on the time. 10 am games for me is champagne once we score. Tonight will be a bottle of wine
Tea
Right now?  Antifreeze.
Despair
Some mix of craft and light beer usually. If it’s a bad game I’ll dig into the peanut butter whiskey
Water and occasionally margaritas or mimosas
Probably Heineken
Absinthe
Makers mark and cream soda dr. Pepper. Just one to begin the third quarter.
Checking in from CO.. the mountains are blue! Ice cold Coors Light
I'm not drinking any fuckin' merlot!
The last of our Yuengling... we live in Michigan. Finished off the IC Lite a few weeks ago.
Water and usually an 805 or whatever beer I have on hand. Jack and Coke if I'm feeling fancy.
"I don’t drink, so I just stick to Mountain Dew. Although lately I’ve switched to Mountain Dew Zero"
Grenadine
Today's episode is brought to you by Iron City Beer
Mountain dew gamer fuel of course
Water. Fuckin love water
All Day IPAs
Pepto
Coffee
Cheap beer and good whiskey.
"Some good old fashioned H20, maybe a little Kombucha. I don't drink Sunday-Thursday unless it's a special occasion."
Zeus imperial ale from a local brewery. Then light beer. Cheers! 🍻
Coke zero
My game day beverage is NOT HAVING THE FUCKING GAME DURING MY WORK DAY! I FUCKING HATE NON SUNDAY GAMES! Yeah it's a little known drink tbh
It's always Miller time.
Tequila
I need moonshine right about fuckin now
Bleach
Shoe polish if we keep playing like this
As a german living in the greatest city of beer I do really feel sorry for you guys don't having good beer in the US. Don't want to be rude here. Pls don't feel attacked
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
""
He was a bit before my time but man I’m definitely familiar with his work. Rest easy.
"What a shame, I remember watching him as a kid and my parents had his jersey. A heck of a player. Rest Easy legend 🙏🏻"
"Holy Shit. I never got to watch him, but he was amazing for us from what I've seen in highlights and seemed like a great guy. RIP"
"Him and Cowher were the reasons I became a Steelers fan. 

R.I.P."
"Guys like Kevin Greene, Levon Kirkland, and Greg Lloyd made the Steelers defense so exciting in the 90s. Greene’s arrival in particular helped switch the reputation of the Steelers from the mediocrity we saw under the latter Noll years to the Blitzburgh swagger of the early Cowher years. He only played for the Steelers a few years but he made a huge impact. He seems to occupy 10 years worth of Steelers memories in my mind even though it was only 2 or 3. 

Also, as a wrestling fan, it was dope as fuck to later see him show up on WCW and find a new creative outlet for his huge personality.

He’s gone too soon."
"Pass-rushing great, Hall of Famer Kevin Greene dead at 58
Published: Dec 21, 2020 at 04:57 PM

Grant Gordon
NFL.com Digital Content Editor

One of the most prolific pass rushers to ever grace the gridiron, Pro Football Hall of Famer ﻿Kevin Greene﻿ has died. He was just 58.

A class of 2016 Pro Football Hall of Fame inductee, Greene's 15-season NFL career was highlighted by 160 sacks, which stands as the third-highest total in league lore.

Greene's NFL career began with eight seasons in the Rams organizations after he was selected in the fifth round of the 1985 NFL Draft, but he would make an impact with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Carolina Panthers -- playing three seasons apiece -- as well. He also played a season with the San Francisco 49ers.

Around The NFL will have more shortly."
Wow. RIP to this legend. Does anyone know the cause? 58 is way too young.
"Geez
Seems like yesterday he was getting his gold jacket at half time with Styx playing"
"That's terrible news..I remember when him and Lloyd were ""Quiver and Quake"".  RIP #91"
This is tragic. I have so many great memories of the 90’s Blitzburgh Steelers. RIP legend.
May Kevin's golden locks (and gold jacket) flow forever! RIP
"Packers fan here to pay tribute. Those Greene, Lloyd, Kirkland defense days were legendary. RIP"
Holy shit. Man that is absolutely terrible
Wow. I've been an Eagles fan my whole life but growing up Kevin Greene was a legend. Horrible news.
"No!!!!!!!!!! He was a humble, super nice, awesome dude."
"Aw man, this sucks.

He was one of my favorite players growing up. I was young and can remember how stoked my dad was when the Steelers got him. Even though he only played a few seasons in Black & Gold, he undoubtedly made his mark in the franchise.

Rest in Peace. 58 is too young."
Wow...shocker
My all time favorite Steeler growing up.. Him and lloyd were a helluva duo
"I never watched him play, born in 93, but I remember getting his and Greg Lloyds “Quiver & Quake” trading cards as a young teenager from my dad. RIP."
Watching that 90’s era with my dad is one of my favorite memories. I’m genuinely sad about this. RIP
He was also great on that show pros vs joes
Saw him in the hof parade when he was inducted. He was awesome.
"Bliztburgh Legend, his motor and work ethic was amazing to watch. Sad we couldn’t get him a ring and that was the first time i was saddened by a player leaving."
This is so sad.  I remember meeting him at Woodson's Grill in the mid 90's.  Great player and even better person.
This is so fucking sad. 2020 needs to fucking go
"I am not seeing anything on ESPN yet, so I am hoping this is a bad rumor or some other misinformation.

Edit: Aw...fuck...  [https://auburnwire.usatoday.com/2020/12/21/auburn-legend-kevin-greene-dies-age-62/](https://auburnwire.usatoday.com/2020/12/21/auburn-legend-kevin-greene-dies-age-62/)"
"I camped out at Three Rivers for playoff tickets one year and it was freezing cold. The Rooney family bought hundreds of pizzas for the fans waiting in line overnight to get tickets. Everyone had their fill! Kevin Greene made an appearance, driving around the stadium in what looked like a Chevy Blazer,  waving a Terrible Towel out the window and hootin' and hollerin.'"
Holy shit dude
Terrible news. He was a great OLB in his time with us and a great player throughout his career. Never heard a bad word said about him either.
"As a lifelong Steeler and Auburn fan, this one sucks"
"Well, shit. Now the game seems a bit less important tonight."
I can't believe he was only with the steelers for three years. Those mid 90s teams were the teams of my childhood and it seemed like he was always there with Lloyd and Woodson.
"Damn.  I grew up as an LA Rams fan, and it was him and Jerome Bertie both going from the Rams to the Steelers that made me switch teams (that and the Rams moving to St Louis).  He was one of my favorite players, and I always hoped he’d come back to us someday as a coach.  RIP."
"Damn. I got Greene, Lloyd, and Tomczak's autograph at centry sports when I was younger. Awesome guy. Loved watching him and Lloyd together.

Edit: Phone changed Greene to Green"
"Fuck. My buddy texted me earlier and it blew me away.

This hits me so hard because KG was my first favorite player. The first guy I watched where I could tell he was great. When I was 9 years old I wanted to be Kevin Greene for Halloween but I ended up getting strep throat and not being able to go out. 

RIP Kevin"
"
Let's win the division for him."
"RIP, Kevin Greene was a legend.

No cause of death listed yet, I hope it wasn't a suicide. :("
Sick as fuck. RIP
RIP 🙏🙏🙏
RIP true legend on the grindiron and in the squared circle. Wooooooooooooooo
"RIP man, 58 is way too damn young"
Fuck I’m heart broken
"RIP Kevin. I’m just glad he got to live long enough to be at his Hall of Fame enshrinement ceremony. I never got to watch him play myself, but he was one of my stepdad’s favorite players behind Greg Lloyd."
I was so sad as a kid when he left the team. This is terrible news. RIP.
I grew up in the 90’s watching him. He was awesome. Him and Greg Lloyd were my 2 favorite players growing up.
"This is horrible news to say the least.

I remember meeting him in Jacksonville one time at a meet and greet event when we were in town to whip up on some Jags, maybe in 2005 or 2006, I don't remember the year, but he hasn't been retired too long, of course by then he had also spent time in Carolina and San Francisco, but I remember telling him that the Black and Gold looked great on him, and he replied ""once a Steeler, always a Steeler"" and gave me the high five.

Loved the days of the 2 headed monster of Greene and Lloyd, teams could only double team one of them, and the other one was going to get that QB!

RIP and thanks for all the memories, 58 is way too young to go."
"Easily one of my favorite Steelers LBs all time and that's saying something, considering our history. RIP #91"
RIP. Legend.
😢😢😢
Sucks to hear. Anyone remember him in WCW?
"Met him a few times in person, as he used to live right around the corner. He was a gentle giant off the field but a monster on it. 

Damn, my day just got worse."
RIP Legend
Can’t believe it! I remember him as a Packers and Jets coach.  I learned more about him when he was inducted into the Hall.  This was shocking to hear.  He was so young too.  It’s crazy that he coached against us in a Super Bowl.  It must have been hard.
I grew up watching him play. One of my fav players in the 90s. RIP.
I actually got the opportunity to meet him. It was on my 17 birthday and of all places we were at Cracker Barrel. Very sad to hear
"Mother fuck this year.

Rest in peace, big man.  Three years a Steeler is too short a time.  But for you, long enough to be a Black & Gold legend.

Will be flying the colors the rest of the year."
This sucks so much. I always hate to hear about a player from the 70s teams passing away.  But Kevin Greene was my favorite player when I really got into football in my teens.  He was one of *my* Steelers.
"That was a ballplayer, there."
"FUCK!  He was one of those players that i tell you Yinzers about that caused me to love the Steelers even though I was born a Cowboys fan.  Yall have had so many great ones that played football the way it was supposed to be played.  

RIP Mr. Greene and condolences to your family and friends."
"Highly unexpected, him and Lloyd were my favorite Steelers as a kid.

R.I.P."
He made Lloyd better.  This sucks.
"December 23 1995 I was at the Pittsburgh Airport picking up my aunt with my mom and brother. While walking around the airport my brother and I saw the Steelers waiting at a gate for their plane up to Green Bay to play the Packers . I was a huge Packers fan at the time, and had my Starter Packers jacket on. My brother bought a Steelers yearbook from a store, and he were walking the gate area getting autographs. I was getting shit from the players for wearing my Packers jacket. We walked over to Kevin Greene who was sitting away from the team with his girlfriend. We asked for a autograph, and he told us no, and to get the fuck away from him with that Packers jacket on. I've never been scared in my life as I was in the moment. RIP"
He helped my grandson practice his celebration moves at Panthers training camp a couple years ago.  He was a very nice and down to earth man.
"More from [NFL.com](https://NFL.com)

[https://www.nfl.com/news/pass-rushing-great-hall-of-famer-kevin-greene-dead-at-58](https://www.nfl.com/news/pass-rushing-great-hall-of-famer-kevin-greene-dead-at-58)"
My condolences
One of my favorite players as a kid. Rip king.
58 is way too early to go. That’s awful.
"Bengals fan here, my fondest memory of Big Kev was his run in WCW when I was a kid.

You all lost a good one, my heart goes out to you all."
"Damn, I bought a ""Quiver and Quake"" shirt outside Three Rivers at the playoff game against Buffalo during our '95 Super Bowl run. Always loved that guy."
"Oh man, this one hurts because it is so unexpected"
Oh man. That’s a bummer.
fucking what?? ugh jfc
Third in all-time sacks.
Terrible news. R.I.P.
"When I was a little kid--probably 6 or 7 years old--my dad and a few of my uncles were eating somewhere in Pittsburgh. I have no idea where, but I remember it was a nice day and we were standing around the door. One of my uncle's comes in an says ""Kevin Greene is walking down the street!""  

I still remember vividly. I ran outside, not sure who Kevin Greene was but certain he was a big deal. I looked left.  

There he was: an enormous man with blonde locks hanging down to his white cutoff t-shirt.  

I would end up wearing his jersey as a kid."
What the actual fuck man!?! Unreal.
"If TJ gets a sack tonight, I hope he drops to the knee and gives the two arm biceps flex."
I can sadly cross him off the list of people my wife would leave me for.
I wonder if they’ll mention it during the broadcast. I’m guessing the is a 4th quarter time filler.
He was an awesome LB. I remember watching him as  teenager; May he R.I.P.
RIP one of the greats.
"Awesome linebacker. Always seemed like a good dude too. Fun to watch. Was sad when he left Pittsburgh and am sad again. 

Peace Kevin Greene"
Sucks. He was my all time favorite
RIP. 🙏
Reddit gotta get rid of that wholesome award
"I always wanted him to come back and coach the OLBs when they finally got around to getting Porter out of there

RIP"
RIP man
"Holy fuck that is not what I expected to see today.

What happened?"
R.I.P to Kevin Greene and hope all is well and have a good one.
"Wow, I didn’t even hear this news. I remember being 11 years old and watching their run to the super bowl after beating Indy. He was on the Wheaties box my mom bought me. RIP legend"
"lifelong browns fan here, but I’d silently cheer for Greene because he was such fantastic football player. Greene was unhinged during the play, but so affable and likable after the whistle. he genuinely seemed to be having fun. he was a joy to watch."
This breaks my heart. Such a good dude and great player. Fuck 2020.
"Packers fan checking in, rest in peace to probably our greatest defensive coach of the last three decades."
RIP #91. sending my warmest regards and deepest sympathy to your loved ones this holiday season
Packers fan coming to say that this one is a gut punch.
"Tragic, he was a legend even to me as a fan on the wrong end of his play. Does he have a charity I could toss a few Bills Mafia Bucks toward?"
So sad what did he he pass away from does anyone know??
"Wow I remember him.  I didnt realize he played so long ago to be that old.  I wonder what happened.  60 isnt exactly super old but for a player that spent his life bashing his head against others, maybe it is."
"Was he sick, man, I thought he was still coaching for The Pack?"
this hurts to learn. very sorry for the family of kevin greene
T's and P's. Guy was an all time great. WTF going at 58?
"Jesus fucking Christ.  How sad. RIP, my man."
Let this be a lesson folks. Don't do drugs
[removed]
[removed]
""
[deleted]
Reminder to everyone excitedly clicking like I did that the game tonight is in Cincinnati
"If it wasn't so cold, I'd do it...lol"
[deleted]
Hope everything is good with you and your family and it all works out. Best of luck!
"Just a heads up everyone, OP is probably a scammer. I don't want to accuse anyone, but I have a friend who works in ticketing for the Bengals - the club seats aren't even open today. 

Also, look at OPs post history - he tried to sell tickets to a Pats/Fins game just yesterday because of a ""last minute funeral,"" and tickets to a Vikings/Bucs game the week before. Most of these teams right now are limiting their ticket sales to season ticket holders on random draws. 

Just be careful!"
"If only I had seen this earlier..

And didn't live 12 hours away"
If only I wasn’t on the other side of the state!!
"Sending out condolences to all friends, family, teammates and fans of Kevin Greene. I loved you always gave it your all and was a great person. Will miss you!"
My dad just reminded me that during the '94 season he and my brother camped out for playoff tickets outside the Three Rivers ticket office. Kevin Greene arrived with pizzas for just about everyone there.
"First I've heard of that, young still. That dude was a savage."
What the fuuuuuuuuuuuuck hell nah
All time great RIP
At least he didn't have to see this game
What????
Thought he was talking about the season...
Lets win it for Kevin!
"I hope whoever you are, you are able to watch the Steelers game. Here in NW Ohio , at 1 pm we have the Clowns and the Ratbirds as our games. At least I can listen to it on the app."
[deleted]
""
""
""
""
[deleted]
"I feel like I should know this, but we’ve already clinched a playoff spot, right? So, does tonight matter in any significant way - whether we win or lose?"
we win the division with a win tonight and stay in the race for the #1 seed
"If we win out and the Chargers beat the Chiefs in Week 17, we get the number 1 seed."
If Steelers win they clinch the division.
"If we win, we win the AFC North, as I understand it.  May as well get it out of the way, rather than having to beat the Colts or Browns for the title.  Plus it may give us the option of being able to rest our starters for the Browns game and having some of our most important players rested and uninjured for the playoffs."
We don’t want the Brownies to have a chance to take the division
"Not only will winning this game lock up the division but this should absolutely be a ""get right"" game. Hopefully they'll figure shit out, let Diontae figure out his dropsies, work some intermediate passing into the offense and try to get the running game going."
"We need to stop being below average the past few weeks  and adjust our compass. So yes, important."
"Clinching the division, and getting a much needed win"
"Yes, every game matters. We need a strong W and a confidence boost. Here We Go"
Technically we could actually finish 2nd to the Browns.
"Does anything matter any more, really?"
I appreciate all your answers! This sub is my “go to” for understanding the complexities of the positions of teams with wins and losses. Ha
"To anyone who’s ever played sports, every game matters. The Jets won yesterday when people said they should have tanked the game. Players don’t tank games, players play to win. It’s what’s engrained in athletes from a young age that winning isn’t every thing, it’s the only thing. Even if you sit the starters the backups are out there to win. Important or not to whomever the game has meaning."
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
""
""
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
[deleted]
The only time worthy of waiving that towel last night was JuJu’s dancing.
Would you start Snell or Claypool tonight?  Scratching my head in this one.  Thanks for the advice and good luck tonight.
Our OC specifically said they practiced the deep ball more this week. But then again snell will be the number 1 for the day. However he couldn’t do much with that in past weeks. I’d go claypool.
Claypool
Claypool 100%
claypool for sure
Neither. No one is doing anything
""
""
"TJ Watt, Cam Heyward, Minkah Fitzpatrick, and Maurkice Pouncey were all declared Pro Bowl starter, David DeCastro was also made an alternate."
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Tiktoks on the Bengal's logo and spiking the ball onto their logo too. JUJU STOP JINXING
Suddenly the NFL is the crown jewel of class and professionalism.
"It’s super cringey, but it quite objectively has no impact on the outcome of the game."
"""Someone, help! Stop the dancing man!"""
"He's been doing it longer than they've been losing, he's not ""jinxing"" anything."
I think it's not very classy and wish he wouldn't do it.
"He didn't jinx us the first 11 games, so why does that matter now?  He isn't the one dropping the ball or blocking poorly."
"I find it disrespectful. I know how I feel as a fan watching another player from another team doing that on our logo. I don’t think it affects the game much though. 

Before you come at me with the “you only don’t like it cause we lost”, I also didn’t like to see it when we were winning. I feel like they are professionals and should act like one. That’s just my opinion ago. Feel free to disagree."
"As dumb as tiktok is, I don’t have a problem with it."
"Oh my god, WHO FUCKING CARES. It’s not the reason we’re losing and Juju dancing before the game has no impact on the game."
[deleted]
The fact that this is a headline makes me sad as a long-time Steeler fan.
He said he was gonna do it.
It’s causing unnecessary drama. He needs to stop.
"I agree, I hate seeing that crap. Tomlin should not let that stuff happen"
Tiktoks > Receptions.
It’s no fun league
"Why do people seriously even care about this? I doubt literally any other NFL player gives a shit. Let the man have fun, dude has done so much for the Steelers and not just on the field either."
Acting like a typical TikToker
"I think TikTok is dumb. I think the outrage over this is dumb. I think it's dumb for a guy with 43 other guys in the league and three guys on his own team ahead of him in receiving yardage to be still be so devoted to self-promotion.   

I'm guessing Mike Tomlin will have a talk with him about it and JuJu's future pregame TikTok videos will be of him dancing in the end zone instead of on the midfield logo. There's no way he'll quit doing TikTok videos entirely. Too important to ""the brand."""
I agree I think it's fine when you're doing good but the team lost to the Football Team and are currently botching it against the bengals.
"Browns fan lurking here, not here to argue just curious as to what y’all thought and wanted to give my take.

My exact thoughts on this were from HS football (I know it is not the NFL) like dudes do definitely take that shit really seriously. The Bills did and they came ready to ball, no need to give a top tier team in this league bulletin board material.

I don’t think JuJu is a bad dude by any means, just what he’s doing is a testament to being 23 and given his numbers it’s undeniably a bad look. I’m a rival fan so obviously it was awesome watching him get his shit pushed in last night because he ended up okay and I love that edge you can only get from this sport.

I fully expect Tomlin to cut this shit out given the slide and I’m kind of surprised the normal take here is “it’s just a logo”. 

DK took a compliment comparing him to Megatron this year as a diss for motivation lmao people are really not grasping the competitive nature and “protect this house” mentality in football"
He is turning into AB Jr and he doesn't have AB's game to back it up.  Move on from his bullshit.  I will be extremely disappointed if they resign him.
"It’s absolutely the cringiest thing ever to see grown adults get so worked up over another grown adult dancing and having fun, doing no harm to anyone else. 

Y’all must be really fun at parties."
This aged well
"Juju is slowly on the path to being a diva WR. He is just a different kind of diva. I want to see the guy have fun...but social media should NEVER be a priority on game day or during game prep. Period, end of story. AB was a shit human being but had the work ethic of a beast. At least he produced to back up his diva shit."
"Juju is a narcissist. The reason he dances is because it makes for popular tiktoks. It's not ""him being himself"" or ""just a 23 year old having fun"" - you can dance in the end zone if that's what you want. Dancing on the opposing team's logo is explicitly to enhance his celebrity."
JuJu is a 13 year old girl in a grown mans body
"Fucking just stop, you know that had 0 effect on ben fucking up this bad. Seriously grow the fuck up you asshole, fucking whiny little bitch, we just suck"
[deleted]
He ain’t no Antonio brown. Him dancing nobody cares
If you aren't that great of a player you might as well have a tight social media game!  Juju looks so pathetic.  Maybe the ball boy should dance on the logo too.
"to me it's not whether he \*means\* disrespect or not. We know he is just having fun. 

it's about the way the sports media sculpts \*the narrative\* -- last night they brought it up every time we fucked up, and that's why it's harmful. every time we make a mistake, it's ""and juju was dancing like they already won the game blah blah.""  we know juju is a cool, humble, unselfish dude but because of that, they're jumping at EVERY OPPORTUNITY to make him look like an arrogant hooligan or the next AB. 

TL,DR - it's not about how he \*means\* it, it's about how they're making us look to the rest of the world who don't know him as well as we do."
"What's worse is that he was clearly talked to about it, and asked to stop. He went back and did it anyway.

He was one of those pretending to be mature kids that held it back and now all the immaturity is bursting forth in his mid 20s. 

He doesn't get open like he used to, he inexplicably seems to have lost a step at 24, and he never improved his body position to make catches.

Earlier this year someone still would have overpayed him. Now he's cost himself millions and will be a bubble signing for someone looking at him more for special teams."
JUJINX
Juju needs to grow up and be a man.
It was so fucking cringy even before the losses. Now it’s significantly worse. He needs to grow tf up and be a man. Stop doing bunny dances like a 14 year old girl
"When Juju started this dance on team logos thing, he never thought we would be on a losing streak. This was such a boneheaded idea."
""
Pouncey and Decastro get in but Tuitt and Haden don't?
"Tuitt, Dupree, Hilton. Robbery for those three men."
Haden and Tuitt got fucking robbed man. What the fuck.
You hear that other teams! Come get your pro bowl linemen DeCastro and Pouncey! They’re great! They really dominate the trenches! Available for trade for next to nothing!
"This is a great indicator that the Pro Bowl is names alone. Pouncey and Decas have been shit and got named starter, meanwhile Hilton, Haden, and Tuitt, who probably all deserve All-Pro, didn’t even make the roster"
LMAO the fact that any of our offensive line is going to the pro bowl has to be a joke
I hope none of them get to go
Wasn’t expecting much from the pro bowl since it’s a popularity contest but hopefully Dupree and Tuitt get the all pro honors they deserve. Mikey and Haden too.
"Decastro and Pouncy

people just voting the names as usual"
Pouncey 🤭
Hoop dee Doo!
Juju didn’t get in for his dancing?? Wtf!? Rigged
"How has no one mentioned Steve Nelson? Maybe he doesn’t have as many picks as other CBS, but the dude has been one of the best in the league."
"Way the team is playing, they sure as fuck won't be selected to the super bowl team"
It's nice that they'll get to feel what it's like to be on a decent team again.
Can we rescind the Pouncey nod? His snaps are ass now.
"As if anybody gives a rat's ass about this antiquated opportunity to end a multi-million dollar career.

Time to end this joke."
2 for 6... zero yards
"Who gives a fuck, honestly."
Alualau and Ben deserved another spot.
"Tremaine Edmunds made the Pro Bowl over Spillane and Williams. Edmunds has allowed an opponent quarterback rating of 116, and has had 3 TFL the whole season."
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Cincinnati Bengals

Paul Brown Stadium- Cincinnati, OH

Network(s): ESPN

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:12

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers|0|0|10|7|17|
|Bengals|3|14|0|10|27|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|CIN|FG|1|(5:16) A.Seibert 34 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|TD|2|(12:09) G.Bernard right end for 4 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|2|A.Seibert extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|CIN|TD|2|(4:26) (Shotgun) R.Finley pass short middle to G.Bernard for 14 yards, TOUCHDOWN [S.Tuitt]. PIT-A.Williamson was injured during the play.|
|CIN|PAT|2|A.Seibert extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PIT|TD|3|(12:10) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to Di.Johnson for 23 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|3|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|3|(5:30) C.Boswell 25 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|CIN|TD|4|(11:26) (Shotgun) R.Finley left end for 23 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|CIN|PAT|4|A.Seibert extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|
|PIT|TD|4|(5:34) B.Snell left guard for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|CIN|FG|4|(:16) A.Seibert 33 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Harris, Holder-K.Huber.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 4 | 30 | 86 | 158 | 12 |
| Bengals | 2 | 16 | 152 | 78 | 13 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/khxxlh/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at/)
We are wasting this defense my fucking god
Remember when we were somehow 11-0? Feels like a distant memory
Ben honestly looks like shit
I really hope we score more points than our opponents the Cincinnati Bengals.
5 punts in 5 minutes. WAITING ALL DAY FOR MONDAY NIGHT
Ben should not be skipping practice going forward. You don't get to play this poorly and not practice.
"Defense trying to drag us to an AFCN title by themselves. 

Be nice if this dumpster fire of an offense could give them more than 90 seconds to rest."
These last three weeks actually are the 2019 Steelers lmao
Well that’s 9 quarters of dogshit football in a row.
SACK STREAK RECORD +1
Anyone wanna explain to me how we could win 11 games and then suddenly be the worst offensive team in the league
"finally have a full week of preparation 

playing a 2 win team 

a win gives you the division 

PLAY LIKE GARBAGE"
Wow. We're actually THIS bad? I take back everything I've said over the last three weeks. The sky IS falling. Fast.
"All hyperbole aside, is this as bad as the Steelers have ever looked in the Roethlisberger era???"
Are these announcers drunk? How is that not an H2H hit on a defenseless receiver?
Ben is on pace for 14 yards. Not bad!!
It's too early to panic.  We'll make some adjustments at half time and come out and put 3 on the board so this isn't a shutout.
"If you don’t like 30 punts combined in a game, YOU DONT LIKE STEELER FOOTBALL"
how were we 11-0? this is some of the worst football i’ve ever seen
I'd rather we just play defense all game. They'd probably score more points than our offense would.
Pittsburgh dad episode gonna just be a long stream of cursing and no jokes
How come everyone EXCEPT Fichtner + Ben can easily discern why we're predictable
"Is it possible to play so bad that you un-clinch a playoff berth, is that a thing"
I'm gonna run to the store and get some cheap bourbon to kill my liver. Can I get anyone anything while I'm out?
Hmm pornhub deleted 10 million porn videos and now big ben sucks? 😳😳😳
Literally every time Ben audibles out of a Fichtner play call is a massive gain😂
Watt just got up
"“It’s 2nd and 22 coach, they’ll never expect the run”

-fictner probably"
Highsmith looks like he’ll be just fine as Bud’s replacement.
Seriously what is happening with Ben?
Watching our two sides of the ball is like watching two completely different leagues
Don't worry boys we got three incomplete passes and a dumbfounded Ben coming right up
Who else but us could go 11-0 and then self destruct like this?
"“How many injuries are the Steelers gonna have...”

Ask the NFL, they’re the ones who made them play 3 games in 11 days"
At this point give Ben the porn and alcohol back
"The worst part is, the offense will come out and change nothing. They will keep running the same plays that don’t work, over and over and over again."
Kicking the field goal is good decision. Take the points make it a one score game
Announcers trying real hard to jinx us
3 straight weeks of zero offensive adjustments.
Anyone find it funny how the announcer said “you’d think the planets would need to align for this to happen!” After commercial break “So I’ve been told Jupiter and Saturn are aligned right now.”
If I’ve learned one thing from these last few weeks. Football is entertainment (or at least it’s supposed to be) and getting too emotionally invested in it can literally ruin your day (especially in quarantine) so I suggest to maybe think about something else especially when a team you’re a fan of is absolutely sucking ass.
"Ok, I was in the bathroom for that. I'm going in and locking the door. You're welcome."
It turns out that the whole first half was an elaborate practical joke to troll Browns fans.  Well-played.
Clearly Tomlin took his belt off in that locker room
"Glad to see this offense didn’t change shit and they’re still going to kill our season. Thanks Randy, very cool."
Welp we tried. Their lead has now become insurmountable.
"TJ Watt: 1000 sacks, 3000 TFLs

NFL: fuck you, Myles Garrett DPOY because reasons"
Man Finley looking better than Ben. 😂 truly embarrassed
Ben looks washed and looks like he doesn’t care. Just trash effort from him.
i want to be mad about the commentators shitting on us but they arent wrong.
The next pharma company to advertise medication for Bipolar disorder in this sub is going to make a Trillion dollars.
Anyone whining at the refs is shifting blame. This is a team we beat 36-10
"Don’t hurt my brother 

-TJ Watt"
Here's hoping TJ pops off this game for his bro
Smells like DPOY in here
I really dont know HOW it's possible but our offense looked better at times last year with a practice squad QB
We went 11-0 and now we absolutely suck so damn badly.
That was the saddest first half I've ever seen from us
I think Ben may have been visited by 3 spirits at half time.
Are Finley’s teeth pissing anyone else off? It’s legit getting on my nerves....
TJ is so fast off the ball.
If you watch this team not knowing what the record is you'd swear this is a 4-12 team.
Honestly don’t know what to say. I have never seen this team play this bad in all of my years and that’s not a joke.
How is taunting not a dead ball foul? Shouldn’t be offsetting.
Berry earning his money.
[deleted]
Ben checking r/Steelers at halftime
Ok but Ryan Finley has the most punchable face ever.
i blame this loss on ben. he spotted them 17 pts.
Thank god Hockey is back in a few weeks because I’m tired of watching these shitty fuckin play calls and our sick ass defense wasting away at the hands of a stupid dumb offense
"Defense is gassed, what the fuck did you expect?"
I can't even be mad at the defense. Been on the field for most of the game & have to defend short field
"I never thought I'd be sitting in week 15 with the steelers being 11-2, being utterly disgusted and disappointed like this"
"What happened to the offense?

How do we go from 11-0 to not being able to get a single first down against a god awful Cincinnati defense? 

Did teams find out a certain way to defense us? Wasn’t the quick game working earlier in the year? I just don’t get this. How is this even possible?"
Our play book is really just 1 page with 5 plays
"""Until the Steelers hit a big shot down field""

That's 10 yards down the field at this point."
Opposing dbs aren’t even scared of a deep ball cause they know Ben can’t throw deep smh.
You guys need to chill. We’re playing a really good 10-2-1 te... wait a minute never mind
It’s not that they’re losing. I’m a big boy. I can stand a loss. It’s that there is a blatant lack of effort and basic execution. It makes me sick.
"Ben, you’re going to be in the HOF. You are a GREAT Steeler. But, Damn!! I’m ready for a new QB."
The dude wearing the Roethlisberger jersey in the middle of that fan graphic actually looked like Big Ben without a beard
"If Bos had missed that, I would’ve driven to Cincinnati and shit on Levy’s pillow."
Why do they have to show those kicking stats like that...makes me nervous every time.
I wonder if Finley suffers from dry mouth
Let's get this W for Kevin Greene
I wanna get a drink but I'm worried I'll miss our 3 and out
Throw past the sticks on third down. Why is that so hard
We are going to lose 5 straight
"""Could not have predicted this"" oh man you haven't watched the past two weeks have you..."
"Absolutely sickening.

This team doesn't belong in the playoffs"
Holy fuck this game is so bad that even Booger is spot on
"Either you bench ben here or you make some miracle adjustment. But right now, I don’t see any adjustment that can help. At least mason can throw a ball deep and make the safety’s back up a bit."
"Ben just needs to go into the locker room, have his usual pulled pork sandwich and cigarette, and he'll come out looking 10 years younger"
Big Ben lofting a ball to Ebron in triple coverage and getting him killed is a metaphor for this season.
"As a Cowboys fan, what is it with commentators that just *love* shitting on historical franchises?

Not saying the Steelers don’t deserve it right now, but my god they sound excited about this lol."
Jupiter n Saturn lined up as Steelers stuck in Uranus
This Thread is about to flip EXTREMELY hard
"Reports of the Steeler’s demise have been greatly exaggerated 👀

By me. Hope I was wrong earlier, go score another one!"
Impressed with DJ this quarter.
"“And if you don’t like the weekly heart attacks, you don’t like Steeler football”"
"Bill's fans outside during pandemic

NFL: That's awesome...

Steelers fans exist

NFL: Satan..."
LMAO so the announcers are going to cry about that tap to the head but completely ignore all the shots our guys have taken?
For a second I thought we had a chance
Idk. Maybe try that on 1st or 2nd down. Not 3rd & 10
Villanueva got FUCKING DESTROYED AGAIN
"Started 11-0 and not gonna win the division, historical collapse"
Damn that gave me flashbacks to Shaziers hit. I hope Derek is alright.
Well at least their offense isn’t any better than ours.
"It just hurts knowing that with our defense, if we had a even a mediocre offense, we’d be top super bowl contenders."
ESPN needs to give a shout out today to Kevin Greene. RIP legend.
That run would’ve been great on a 1st and 10 lol
Why have we stopped targeting Claypool? I love Washington but there’s no way he should be getting the deep balls in the first quarter.
"Problems with our offense:

-Ben declining ability
-O line declining ability
-Fitchner
-Lack of skill at running back"
"Ben is more concerned about not getting hit than he is about winning. Sometimes you need to hold the ball and wait for the play to develop rather than dumping it off. Sometimes you need to run for a few yards (or have a threat of a QB run. And as a QB you sure as hell need to be able to fall forward to get 1 yard on a 3rd and 1. He can’t do ANY of those anymore. I’d rather have a worse (skill wise) young QB than Ben. And it sucks because this organization is so caught up on keeping Rudolph as the No 2, who is just a worse version of Ben. The organization doesn’t realize that’s not how the position is played in today’s NFL. You need a mobile QB."
I’m running out of adjectives to describe how mutherfucking dreadful our offense is right now.
At this point in the game if you told me that one of these teams was 11-2 and the other was 2-11 I wouldn’t be able to tell you what was which
some of these comments about claypool being trash and juju sucks for yrs are hilarious!
I can already here it now “we need to get better and it starts with me”
"So - Bengals 3rd stringer is outplaying Ben. Injuries notwithstanding, you have to wonder if 11-0 really screwed with this teams psyche."
"This is the single worst quarterbacking performance I’ve seen as a Steelers fan. When Ben does make the right decision, he misses the throw and gets his receiver killed, when he does hit a throw, it’s for 2 yards and gets the receiver killed. This is fucking grim."
"big ben: i’m coming back in 2021 

the entire fan base after this game: nah, we’re good"
I wonder if Ben is gonna retire at half
Ben is starting to feel like late 2000s Brett Farve. He just wont hang it up.
Bench Ben. Can get any worse than what we're doing now. At least try something different
I’m about to take a bottle of whiskey outside and stare at a tree in the pitch black. Probably get more out of that than this game
I think Big Ben is more hurt than we realize.
I'm still pissed about JuJu's hit on Burfict. It was clean.
"Considering that every team in the league has had our offense figured out for about 5 weeks now, it would be nice if we could make an adjustment."
"""Could not have predicted this"" 

Well that was a fucking lie."
It’s like when you first start playing madden and you find two plays that always work. Then all of the sudden the difficulty goes up and your two plays don’t work and you just have no idea what to do.
Was Bud Dupree somehow the key to our offense playing well??
LAST YEARS OFFENSE WAS BETTER THAN THIS
[deleted]
"McVay: We need something extreme to make people forget about our awful defeat

Tomlin: I got you fam"
Anyone have any faith at all that Tomlin will make a single adjustment?
Ben is not seeing the field. Going to the first read no matter what. The WR are not creating separation. Offensive line can’t run block. I don’t know if I’ve ever seen such a drastic collapse before. This is crazy.
I heard Jameis Winston is looking for a job. How quick can he get to Pittsburgh?
"I know the Rooney's are famous for their loyalty to their personnel / players, but could they be loyal to their fans and fire Fitchner? While they're at it, could they tell Ben this should be his last season so shape up or sit out? I would love for us to go get a half-decent QB in the offseason. Wish the Jets didn't fuck up and win that game so they could drop Darnold..."
Imagine if the Bengals had a legit QB. 31-0.
Lol who wants to bet that after this game Ben says that he might hang it up😂
Hopefully Ben took a few more painkillers than he usually does at halftime.
Maybe don’t fucking take claypool off the field morons. Bout time
It’s funny what happens when we use that rookie receiver that dominated the league for the first few games
Okay how do you get the last name “Sample”. Are we sure that’s his name and not a mistake at the Jersey factory
"HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO! HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO! HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO! HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!!!!!!!!!"
When the announcer calls claypool mccloud
Yo do these announcers know who our players are?
Benny is a certified killer B
Seeing This fucker smiling is annoying me
If the Browns beat us out for the AFCN though...good god. I can't wait for everyone to tell us how much an amazing person Myles Garrett is after falsely accusing someone of a racial slur to save his reputation after nearly bludgeoning our backup QB.
"There is no way this team uses analytics.

Our play calling is consistently low probability"
"Ben's regression in the span of like 4 weeks is pretty, uh, noticeable? lol"
Can you imagine the memes if Rudolph comes out and leads a comeback the week of Christmas
That's not on juju if you ask me.  That was a bad idea to throw to him there
TJ is so hot
"I swear to fuck Fichtner if you have a job at the end of this season, regardless of how it ends, I will fucking freak out."
Oh my goodness a competent pass downfield. Must be fuckin nice
If I didn't love the Steelers this would be comical.
"Ben can't throw it more than 10 yards.  Something is definitely wrong with his arm.

... and that's a fumble."
sorry to Ben fans but he is playing bad tonight. he missed Claypool wide open
You’d think we were the 2-10-1 team. 10 plays for 9 yards is humiliating
Can someone explain to me why that wasn’t targeting? Clearly lowered his head on the tackle and made helmet to helmet contact
"I truly cannot comprehend the mental gymnastics it takes to look at the laundry list of issues with this offense and still sit there and type out ""Maybe Juju should stop dancing"""
This is literally Rams vs. Jets tier
WHAT!?!? HOW ARE THE REFS NOT CALLING ANYTHING AFTER SEEING WHAT HAS HAPPENED PREVIOUS GAMES BETWEEN THESE TWO TEAMS IN PRIMETIME
Incompetent officiating allowing Cincy to play dirty. May lose more guys to concussions tonight due to it...
Fuck it. Kyle Trask is worth a shot.
#HOW IS THAT NOT A PENALTY
Claypool has been downfield with no one within 5 yards of him a few times and Ben hasn’t thrown it. His reads are worse than his arm anymore. Just a terrible QB now.
WE. ARE. GETTING. BLOWN. OUT. BY. THE. BENGALS.
How the fuck were we ever 11-0 lol this shit is embarrassing
Ben is not even making reads. Idk wtf is going on but bench him. This is insanity
put mason in. fuck it at this point
all 17 points are off Ben fuckups.
The trade mark Ben throw that every team knows he’s gonna throw
The play calling on third and short makes me want to punch walls
This is the worst offense in the NFL.
"Bengals: Here, have a first down.

Steelers: No."
This offense really has no chance without a running game. I’m still confused about the sweep to Claypool earlier.
I don’t think I’ve ever wanted to turn off a Steelers game more than I do now.
Worst game of Ben's career.
Has anyone seen Ben making a 2nd or 3rd read at all? Seems like he’s getting the snap and throwing.
"The Steelers have had rough games where we don’t play up to the level we should. I’ve never seen the Steelers just legitimately give up like they have tonight. This is embarrassing for the franchise, something is seriously wrong right now."
[deleted]
Honestly feels like Peyton's last year where the wheels just fell completely off during the season
I have faith that the bungles can find a way to bungle...
Bless our defense.
"Alright I’ll bite, where the fuck was that in the first half of an hour"
Don’t do this... don’t give me hope
I'd love to know what Tomlin said at the half.
Sorry everyone. I wasn't wearing my jersey in the first half. We should be good now.
This bi-polar team took their meds at half time
Hol up. We made adjustments?
James McCloudpool was so close
Me thinks the Bengals are getting tired.
Am I drunk or did that kick look fucking supersonic with like zero effort from Boswell
Diontae just showing he doesn't drop anymore lol
Do not dare mention to bozgawd streak. We were here when it was written
DJ is a great WR. Him getting his hands back proves he has the mental toughness to be someone we can rely on
"so worried about his free play

he threw an interception on it"
This QB is always smiling it’s so creepy
"If we can't beat the Bengals, there isn't a single playoff team that we're capable of beating."
I  got so annoyed when everyone called us overrated and the worst 11-0 team in history...... but man were they ever right.
At least you guys aren’t us.
People are gonna say ref ball like that wasn't textbook PI
Here comes a batted down at the line 4th down pass.
Lol oh well guys. At least we got to the playoffs. 11-0 was fun
I’m marrying into a Browns family (I know I know) but my fiancé’s nephew has recently become a Steelers fan and I can’t wait to see my fiancé’s face when he opens the juju jersey I’m giving him for Christmas
"For 31 NFL franchises, an offensive performance like this -- if it continues in the 2nd half -- would get someone fired before the next game.

Not the Steelers."
so apparently the forearm is a penalty but not that juju helmet to helmet we all watched thirty fuckin times
"The fact that Juju dancing is even a narrative is embarrassing. Don’t they have other, actually relevant, shit to talk about?"
Jesus christ he looked frozen on the ground... hoping for the best
Prayers for derek
Anyone else just get Shazier flashbacks
Tj mad now lets go
Can we  clone TJ Watt for offense?
"if you dont like 2 opening 3 and outs, you dont like steelers football"
It’s amazing how every punter becomes Ray Guy when they play us.
"I’d rather have the muppets be the announcers.

Actually now that I think about it, that sounds awesome."
I wish one person on offense was like Tj Watt. They’re soft as fuck
How does every RT in the league get away with jumping early on every snap against Watt?
Helmet right into Ju Ju's facemask.
No way that's on JuJu..fuck out of here. Anyone saying so does not know football.
Claypool wide open 20 yards downfield nah let’s throw it to the LoS
"Me 10 mins ago: “you guys are always so negative” 

Me now: 🤡🤡🤡"
"This *MUST* be exhibit A, B and fucking Z for firing Fichtner."
Helmet to helmet?
Our defense will get gassed and that will go downhill too
"I love you Ben, and will always respect your full body of work, but kindly fuck off."
BuT wE aRe 11 AnD 2. Garbage
Yikes Claypool was WIDE OPEN
These fucking line of scrimmage lobs are going to get someone killed. Ineffective and dangerous. JuJu could’ve just as easily been knocked the fuck out there.
We’re gonna get fucking CLOWNED after this game
How the fuck did we start 11-0?
"if this team gets blown out by the fuckin bungles with Ryan Findley in the backfield, heads gotta roll. lol"
"Claypool had a TD right there but sure, let's kill Ebron"
Ben with the fucking hospital passes
So we're not throwing flags. Got it
claypool has been open so many times. why the FUCK isnt he being targeted
Steelers offense is the “Cyberpunk for PS3 on launch day” of offenses
Y’all ready to admit Ben’s a big part of the problem yet?
"have they thrown a flag on anything but 2 false starts?

Ebron and Juju were penalties"
"This team is very quickly becoming the laughing stock of the league. Doesn’t matter that there’s 11 wins, this offense is the most tragic shit I’ve ever seen."
Lol gonna show that little shove 15 times but no replay of the early helmet-to-helmet on Ebron huh?
How long will Tomlin allow Ben to stay in and continue to play like trash.
I wish there was a way to know you were in the good old days before you actually left them
We are getting blown out and it completely rests on Ben’s shoulders.
This might be the worst game i've ever watched
Just fake an injury for Ben. Shit is embarrassing
Wow. We are gonna get blown out by the Bengals with no Mixon or Burrow. A two win dumpster fire of a team. What the fuck is even happening right now?
Ben in the huddle: Did you know that this field used to be apple trees as far as the eye could see?
Bench Ben. NOW.
#The standard is the standard
fuck man this fight montage has my blood boiling
The Bengals aren’t even playing that well. They’re just taking advantage of all the gifts we are giving them
This offense looks like a three year old got a hold of a PS4 controller and is just mashing X on Madden.
Remember when Villanueva was a pro bowler?
"2nd and 22. 

Run. 

Lol"
The Steelers are weak team and lack mental roughness. Last 3 December's they've gone 2 and 8...well after tonight 2 and 9
"What a fucking joke of an offense

Grow some balls and either fire the OC or bench people. 

The standard is the standard? This ain’t it, Coach."
19 yards for Ben. LMAO
Silver lining. Punt game has been on point
I think The Monstars drained the Steelers' talent.
Is Landry Jones still available?
Where is the duck when you need him
"I’ve watched plenty of Steelers football over the past 20 years, this might be one of the worst games I’ve ever seen them play."
Guys I love Ben. I’m afraid he’s done. He can’t throw the ball 10 yards. What the hell. I’m heartbroken. Put in the reindeer.
We don’t play offense or things of that nature
I'll give Ben one drive. If it doesn't work he's getting hooked.
One of the most embarrassing games I’ve ever watched
I hate this sense of dread
Ok. Fuck me. I'm a glutton for punishment. Here we go. Let's win this fucking thing
Anyone else notice Ben was changing plays at the LOS that drive? Fire Fichtner
Tomlin probably lit their asses up during halftime. That’s a start. Keep it going boys
If we come back ill shotgun 2 beers
...Did you see that fan with the Ben jersey who looked exactly like him?
"Haha, how much stuff do you think Tomlin threw in the locker room at halftime for them to come out looking like this!?!?"
MY PAIN DRINKING HAS TURNED INTO HYPE DRINKING. LETS FUCKING GO BOYS
If Minkah gets a pick 6 on this drive I will tattoo a 39 on my right butt cheek
I cannot believe these announcers.
bobby hart’s false started on like 90% of the plays tonight...
I hate this team so fucking much. December collapses 3 years in a row. Whatever fucking asshat is calling the plays here needs to be shot and/ or fucking fired.
Rookie OLB losing contain. Bud would never
I can’t stand this dudes face
"How many times have we seen this shit in recent years. Offense plays like dogshit in the first half, D keeps us in the game, offense finally wakes up and gets back in the game, D spits the bit and gives up a huge drive. For mutherfuck’s sake!"
Damn imagine losing to the bungles
Man r/nfl REALLY hates us lol
Getting Minkah was one of the best trades we have ever made
 That awkward moment when the announcer wants to credit our defensive coaching but doesn’t even know Keith Butler’s name.
Unfortunately you don't always get the call on the Flacco special
That dude literally shoved his way into claypool??? Ok.
Losing 6 straight games is a real possibility.
Bruh we are going to lose the division to the Browns in the ultimate humiliation aren’t we
This td is not on the defense but the offense
Fuck all these Brownie fans talking shit. 1 winning season in 13 years and they think they’re hot shit. Their organization is trash and Art Modell was wise to leave Cleveland because he wasn’t going to win SHIT there!
"I don't disagree that that play wasn't a fumble. However, if you're reviewing the play, you can't just disregard the fact that Bell made contact with the crown of his helmet to JuJu. That was a blatantly obvious missed personal foul."
"Quit holding Ben’s hand.  If this was any other qb, he’d be benched by now"
"These announcers are absolute clowns calling *that* helmet-to-helmet and the hit on JuJu “clean” and “exactly how you want to hit”

I’m sitting on 150 downvotes for complaining about that hit in r/NFL"
Reminds me of shazier injury
"Jesus christ , i hope watts okay god awful start already"
Chase helping him off. That kid is a Steeler.
TJ gonna rip Ryan Findleys heart out and show it to him like Mortal Kombat now
That's DPOY TJ Watt!
"TJ with another TFL. C'mon, Ben. Pick up your game, dammit."
If watt doesn’t win DPOY ima be upset😢
"Can TJ play QB, WR, RB, and TE as well?"
"Who’s ready for this riveting series of a deep ball, stuffed run, short pass and punt?"
Like the playcalling honestly. Definitely a different script. Ben just missing on throws
Highsmith doing well to keep the doubleteam off 90
"""Calmm down its only 4 3 and outs and a fumble and..."" smh"
We really gonna lose to fucking Bengals
I'm gonna optimistically call this a slump I hope they can shake by the playoffs.
Maybe Ben should stop taking Wednesdays off
We look hungry for a win after shitting the bed the last two weeks /s
TJ WATT IS MY FUCKING HERO
"The defense is still best in the league, but expect them and any other defense to start playing poorly when the offense can only stay on the field for 30 seconds."
the things i would do for a 40  yard pass down the field..
Fire Fichtner right now my god
"Man that throw, Holy fuck Ben is shot."
Our defense is gonna have to score all of our points the remainder of the season. Then we’ll be fine
Bruh if Ben comes out the next drive with the noodle arm. I want a new qb in. For fucks sake we look bad.
The defense gets all the passes in the world imo. They can't be out there every other minute and be expected to do well every possession. Offense blows ass.
"The Bengals on their 3rd qb look better against the Steelers defense than the Steelers look against the Bengals defense.

Think about that."
Um...did we just forget how to play offense?
Very questionable decision by Ben to smoke PCP before the game
Claypool was WIDE OPEN too.
Leading with the crown? Is that not a thing?
We watched Mason Rudolph throw checks to Jaylen Samuels all of last season and I can comfortably say I’ve never seen absolute dog shit like this. Probably the worst offensive performance I’ve ever seen in all my years of watching NFL. Everything looks broken.
"they're showing this helmet to helmet shot twenty times over lmao no call no change, nothing."
"Bring Rudolph in, sack Fichtner and tell Ben hes got the rest of the season to prove he's worth it or he's getting traded to the Jets"
Helmet to helmet???
"So.. through reviewing, they had to of seen the illegal helmet to helmet with the crown an extra 10-15 times, and it's just allowed."
38 year old Ben body has sadly faded right before our eyes this season unfortunately. He can’t play right now at this point in the season
"Never thought this seasons offense would bring back the nightmares that came from last season. But holy fuck, throw the ball past five yards with some degree of accuracy"
Lmao we have zero first downs in the first quarter. Bench Ben
Oof they showed the Tik toks..
Remember like a month ago when people were asking if we were going 16-0 lol
"Yo if anyone uses this commercial break to take a piss, tell me if you pass the Steelers offense on the way. They're missing."
Ben has been the team’s limiting factor since he took that hit in Dallas.
"Honestly, we got the worst offense in the league.  Right now who has a worse offense?"
"I hope everyone here realizes how fucking frustrating it is to play on a defense doing its job while your own offense goes 3-and-out time and time again. For those who may not know, defense guys get gassed a lot quicker than most offensive skill-players. Remember, they are reacting every play, which takes a lot more out. 

 It doesnt take long to get tired if you are on the fucking field more than they are."
After playing for 15 minutes straight.... You cannot blame this Defense. It's so sad
Maybe our QB would be better if he actually practiced with the team during the week 🤷🏽‍♀️
This is embarrassing
At this point I have no doubt in my mind that the Browns will beat us
You think the defense just secretly despises every person on offense
Ben is 4/10 with -5 yards.  Those are Rex Grossman level stats.
This is the best thing that can happen to this team rn. I hope we get thrashed on national television by the worst team in the division. If one single thing goes right the next couple weeks the organization will hide behind it and change nothing. If we keep getting thrashed eventually it will force the teams hand.
NO FLAG? WHAT THE FUCK??
WHY ARE THERE NO FUCKING FLAGS ON ANY OF THIS SHIT
"Claypool coming open again, but Roethlisberger is allergic to the middle of the field."
Head hunting tonight I see
"Guys Ben isn’t hurt, his ball isn’t lacking zip. 

He literally just can’t read a defense right now. Like, all season, he’s had predefined reads of short throws and now that he’s actually reading the defense and running your traditional route concepts it’s like the lights on and no one’s home."
Ben is getting his receivers absolutely lit up. This is sad. Get it together old man
How does Ben keep missing Claypool on these posts? Ebron was open on another post on third down earlier in the game too. Does he not trust his arm to attack the middle of the field?
"What in the actual fuck is Ben doing with these throws

he's literally killing people"
Great TD run by Snell!!! If only refs weren't trigger happy calling a play dead 0.0252 seconds after contact when the runner isn't being held still at all
CLAYPOOL IS OPEN EVERY FUCKING PLAY OPEN YOUR GOD DAMN EYES BEN HOLY SHIT
This is the worst I’ve ever seen Ben play. The 5 INT game was better.
Ben deserves ALL CRITICISM. He has been terrible. Should have 4 picks. Just stared down Chase.
11-0 to 11-6
Ben is playing worse than a High School QB right now.
"I feel like this team has just given up, and I don't know why."
Game is 100% on Ben so far.
tomlin better tear some new aholes at halftime.
"Ben, Maybe practice more than once a week instead of throwing everybody else under the bus."
This may be the worst game I’ve seen in my life
it's a good thing we started 11-0 and completely fucked up our draft position
Finley available next year? Asking for a team.
"Low expectations from here on out, at least I won’t be disappointed when we get bounced in the first round we fucking suck"
I never thought I’d say this but I had way more fun watching this team last year
What's terrible scheme. No one is ever open.
Bench Ben
How do those offset lol
Even though they don’t let rudolph play in any reindeer games it may be time to sit Ben for a drive
We get a huge break with a borderline penalty only to turn around and blow it.
How can you not bench Ben at halftime? If just to send a message you have to do it.
"I’m feeling like Jim Mora right now.

“PLAYOFFS?!”"
No run game. No deep threat. Defense has nothing to think about but stick on receivers within ten yards. We’re fucking done.
Ben is scared and throws the ball too fast to guys who aren't open at all.
"Member when everyone that said Steelers looked bad against a third string QB led Ravens should ""STFU YOURE JUST A FAIRWEATHER FAN""? I member"
I hope Levy falls out of the booth
Kinda want to keep Ben in just to see his peterman like stat line at the end
"The Facebook ""Juju no dance. Ben do no wrong"" crowd is out in fucking force tonight.

 Sometimes I wish this sub required an IQ test."
"Punting!!!


Let that be a lesson. No one scores more than 17 straight on the Pittsburgh Steelers."
Take me out back and treat me Old Yeller style at this point
Villanueva is fuckin horrible Lawson basically walked past him
BENCH HIM NOW NO EXCUSES
Seriously is Ben on pain meds or what
Maybe take Ben out.  Just to see what happens.
RUNNING ON 2ND AND 22
Arguable the worst half of football I’ve seen from the Steelers in my lifetime
When's Ben going to start rubbing various body parts and grimacing for the cameras?
this team makes me want to shit in the floor with rage lmao
Does Ben retire at halftime?
Ben has like 15 yards passing LOL
All right. 20 minute half time to design a whole new offense
I think I’d be more entertained by flushing my toilet repetitively.
ok how do people stay positive. I understand don't give up hope but god damn this is fucking terrible. and its not even a 1 off game that this happens. Stop making excuses about how it will be fine later. Fucking get mad and stop babying this fucking team when they are playing like total shit (not the defense)
Steelers vs Cyberpunk 2077 for the biggest disappointment of December so far
Unwatchable. Anemic. Embarrassing. I could keep going but I think I’d start crying if I did
"During this offseason, I never thought that we’d have the best offense in the league, but I thought it’d at least be serviceable, which is what it was the first ~10 weeks. After that Browns game and the first half of the Titans game it’s been painful on O. I don’t know if it’s necessarily Ben’s arm, but teams figured out the offense on tape and they haven’t been able to adjust."
Maybe they should put in rudolph. Ben fucking sucks rn. I think he needs to be taken out if we even want a chance.
Hey guys remember when we were 11-0? Good times...
"40 fucking yards. 0 fucking points. A whole ass half... against the god damn bengals.


Get it together boys. I did not wake up for a game day to turn out like this mother fuckers."
All I have left to pray for is Ben's retirement and grabbing someone who's willing to play for 10-14mil. Try our best to retain who we can.... And give it another shot.
They gave ben an adrenaline shot or some shit
I understand nothing.
Just got off work and started watching.  You're welcome boyz
"SUTTON GOT BURNED AND STILL MADE A PLAY, THIS IS IT BOIS, MOMENTUM CHANGE"
TJ was basically lassoed around the neck that play and of course there's no call
I like how this sub did a total 180 5 minutes into the second half. You guys have some crazy mood swings
Why don't we throw to Claypool anymore?
diontae is BACK BABY
"Cant say it enough man, when DJ is on he’s fuckin on."
There’s a simple explanation for this: Tomlin recited the Al Pacino “Any Given Sunday” speech at halftime. Word for word. Works every time.
I'm so fucking done losing LB's man.
Can anyone in the chat play LB?
My week would be made better if these announcers didn’t have a job by sunrise
I'm ready to play LB Tomlin put me in coach !
Announcers have the Bengals cocks deeeeep down their throats
Every backup QB has a career game against us
Whoever matches up against us in the playoffs is pretty much getting a bye week.
Thats secretly Mason Rudolph wearing a number 7 jersey. The real Ben got hurt in the Baltimore game and Tomlin just doesn’t want anyone to know.
Why are so many people saying that was bad call? He literally wrapped his arm around him and pulled him away
"Dear Santa,

I want the Steelers D to either get a strip sack or an INT on this drive."
Sweet pete... What kind of play calling was that
"Was, was that quadruple coverage?"
How many guys were on claypool? Jesus
lol Ben throwing to chase when he’s got four men on him and not when he’s wide open.
Imagine being a fucking idiot and blaming that last play on Claypool...
This is on Ben for the atrocious first half
"Fucks sake Ben, fucks sake"
"11-0 to 11-5

its happening"
Big Al is so horrific. Never saw someone get beat the same way so many times in the same game. at least since the last time the Steelers played.
"Villanueva got hammered today. But Ben played like absolute garbage, this team is real screwed if they don’t figure something out ASAP"
Now they mention the pi on Claypool
Time to fire Fichtner. If we do that and Ben gets back on track we have a chance at a playoff run. We’re out in the 1st or 2nd rd with Fichtner calling plays
So much for feeling motivated after 2 straight losses. This is the most pathetic loss of the three.
[deleted]
Lost his balance? Fucker was pushed in the back. Should have been a penalty called on that shit.
"Rudolph with your nose so bright, won't you guide this piece of shit offense tonight"
"Am I wrong thinking that heavyhit on JuJu was helmet to helmet and the Bungle hit JuJu straight into his facemask?  That's still a PF, right, and should've been 15 yards on them and the fumble not have counted?"
If block to the back is such an important call... why didn’t the refs call it?
Why tf does the media care so much about the dancing?
"love how ben looks mad after that play.  you threw that ball, yo. that wasnt on juju."
"I’ll put it very bluntly. Super Bowl teams do not play like this. Teams with a chance at beating KC in the conference championship do not play like this. They might have rough patches or a bad game. But this half goes well beyond that. There is no reason to have this type of game, against an 2-10-1 team in late December. No excuses. This team is talented enough for a deep run but more importantly, it isn’t coached well enough or disciplined enough for a deep run."
"Snell should be our starting RB until Conner wins the job back, if he ever does"
"Oh fuck, fencing pose"
Is there anything more Steelers than that opening drive?
This game is not starting out well.
Watt is up and walking off
"Ok.  Concussion issues, but not neck.  Let's ride."
Fuck I love TJ Watt man
TJ said “if I’m go down I’ll take you with me”
TJ IS HUNGRY AND HE SHOULD FEEEEEED
What better way to make your case for DPOY than a late season MNF game against Cincy
It's gonna be one of those nights huh?
Where is chase clay pool?
Anyone got anymore of those 11-0 runs?
"Alright, I believe in our offense, I swear I’m not drunk yet."
Should not have taken Steelers -14. The offense doesn’t even look capable of scoring 14.
"The last time I thought Ben was out of gas, he threw 5 TD's the following game.


So here we go: Ben is out of gas"
Well this season is looking more and more over with every possession. This isn't a playoff team. The defense is still great but this offense might even be worse than last year. Pathetic.
What’s bugging me is they’re finally doing the right things and they’re fucking them up in fantastic fashion and I worry that they’re going to go back to the old bullshit.
The level to which the offense has regressed is unbelievable
"The offense just handcuffs how great this defense is

It’s so disappointing"
Astros cheated
Maybe Ben shouldn't take all those practices off
"This is the strangest collapse I've ever seen. The offense literally forgot how to play football?? And it seemed to happen somewhat suddenly. I was sure this was going to be Ben's last year, I really hope he's not serious about coming back otherwise this might be ANOTHER ugly breakup with a franchise player."
"what's worse 

8-5 and going 8-8 

11-0 and going 11-5"
[deleted]
Well I like what I’m seeing out of Highsmith tonight
TJ Watt is a man
Highsmith hasn’t been too shabby tonight
Even if you believe Fichtner isn’t 100% the problem he has to go. He has no ability to make a spark with this offense. We went from having troubles scoring a TD on the first drive to having troubles getting a first down on the first drive. There are plenty of good coaches who lose a locker room and have to leave. Randy is a bad coach who cannot get his offensive players to show up worth a damn. I’d be willing to try anyone else right now.
"TJ Watt is fucking amazing, hope we never get rid of him."
ben goes under center for the first time all year and fumbles it cant make it up
"That should be all the points they score. Seriously. It’s Ryan Finley. Our offensive players should be ashamed of themselves. They look worse right now than last year when Duck was at the wheel.

Edit: wrong Finley, I’m an idiot"
"We’ve had Rudolph, and Duck, but can we try Kermit? I bet he can throw an accurate pass"
we should run backwards into their end zone for them
At this point they are stuck in their own heads.
Another brutal ball by Ben. Throw that outside FFS! That’s 3 balls that should have been picked
"I hate Fichtner as much as anyone, but the issue tonight is that Ben is sucking donkey dick right now..."
Defense starts to play bad as they’re on the field more than the O. This is the root reason why we have so many injuries on defense and will get routed in the playoffs against these pass heavy teams.
Today is a Steeler fan’s dream. FINALLY blaming Ben is valid and everyone is jumping all over it. Enjoy
Offense coming back out...time to go to bathrooms and make some snack...defense will be back very very soon
"Randy's job cant be safe, right?"
Ok boys it was a fun 11-0
"Um, that’s 15 yards."
Anyone blaming JuJu has never heard of a hospital pass...
I don't blame that on Juju. This playcalling by Fichtner is going to get our WRs killed. Fire that dipshit after this season. End of story.
Why was that not a penalty?  He lead with his helmet to the helmet
"Ben last week: I tried to not get juju killed

Ben this week: I'm gonna try to get juju killed"
We're going to lose to the fucking Bungles lol
Its not a fumble. because it was helmet to helmet....its gonna be a long night.
Crazy no flag for helmet to helmet
For people bitching about not calling helmet to helmet post replay... That's just not how the rules work. They literally can't after the fact
I like how these announcers don't even pretend it was helmet to helmet
"Honestly, I would rather see run, run, run and punt at this point."
"Guys I really can’t stand the negativity here, can you at least comment on the things we do well, like...uh...hmm hang on I had something for this..."
"Like someone else said, imagine if the bengals had a real qb. It would be 21-0 right now. We have got to figure out what the issue is fast or we are going to get destroyed in the playoffs.

It seems to me that bens arm has not Ben as strong lately. 

Plenty of time left..."
"Are we even sure at this point that Randy IS calling these plays? lol

I could be convinced that Ben has gone full rogue."
Anyone defending this performance is a grade A clown. First quarter or not it’s pathetic
Rams to us after this game: First time?
at least if they were bad all year they'd be getting a decent draft pick
Time for Ben to find his big boy helmet
The Browns are gonna win the division by beating us aren't they?
If we lose this game we should be eliminated lmao
"Not much of a surprise at all, our defense can only do so much. They’ve been on the field more than the fucking offense."
"Whatever. Teams can only do this because Ben is out for the season with elbow surgery


Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck that was last year"
"2 yards of total offense right now.

TWO."
Clear pass interference!!
Triple coverage? Seriously?
They just head hunted Ebron???
Ben isn’t making reads at all
Holy shit Claypool was WIDE OPEN
Yes refs give this game more of a reason to get chippy
so cincy can spear and hit us before the ball gets there ok
i feel like claypool is always open and he doesn’t even get *looked at*
"If it takes that much effort to make a first down, they're screwed."
We've gone from undefeated to maybe the worst team in the league. Impressive.
How is hitting a dude 3 seconds before the ball gets there not PI
How do you go from undefeated to this? It’s one the more amazing things I’ve seen in sports. Even the defense is getting run on rather easily.
I love the innovative play design :)
Ben is done. That is all.
Ben defenders rn:🤡🤡🤡🤡
"this is legitimately our worst game so far, didn’t even think it was possible"
This is the end for Ben isn't it.
My poor heart can’t handle this shit anymore SOMETHINGS GOTTA GIVE
0/7 on throws more than 10 yards.....jesus fuck.
This is the most unreal implosion I’ve ever seen.
I genuinely feel bad for everyone risking covid to watch this shitshow
Tomlin needs to send a message to the team. Bench Ben or tell randy to leave the stadium
"Literally have negative passing yardage right now, against a bottom 5 defense.

If Ben can't make some throws on this next drive he's gonna have to fake an injury and let Dobbs/Rudolph/whoever in, it's just not happening tonight."
Imagine driving over to Cincinnati buying tickets and sitting in the stands while the steelers have the worst half the team has had all season
Ben is retiring in his mind right now
"I don’t even care what seed we get, we’re getting fucked out of the playoffs right away."
4:20 on the clock you gotta blaze to get through this one my people.
"So much pain, I don't remember our offense being this inept... not even with fucking Duck..."
Seeing all these young QBs balling TF fuck out I'm ready for some of that
"
* Can't read the defense

* Can't put zip on the ball

*  Can't seem to practice with the offense

*  Can't play under center

*  Can't throw the deep ball"
"Don't blame chase for being angry, don't blame snell for being angry, don't blame chuks for the late hit. Ben needs to put on his big boy pants and stand in the fucking pocket and stop being scared."
Cant even fault the defense. Both td were on like 20 yard fields
Taunting... our biggest play of the night....ooops...nope...offsetting...go figure.
This game is legitimately making me sick
Never been more embarrassed to be a Steeler fan.
"I feel every week we say the offense can't get any worse. This has to be worst it's going to get, right?"
Let’s put Boswell on QB! Remember the time he threw a TD pass?!
This is what we have to watch for the rest of the season. The offense has been designed around these plays and these routes since pre-season. Teams can make adjustments to improve and change it up in late/post-season but we’re not gonna be able to design an entirely different approach to offense this late in the season. We need an entirely new offense AND a new OC.
I cannot even imagine how fucking pissed Tomlin is going to be at the half. He will kick these MFs into action. Whether or not it will be enough...
Somehow we’re even worse than we were 1 year ago with Hodges
Tonight is the realization that we have no chance to compete for a ring. It honestly makes me care way less about the remainder of the season
Tomlin needs to make a statement and bench Ben
And some of the dudes in this sub said they should extend Ben for another two years. Are you fucking kidding me?
Villanueva is also washed up.
Sit. Ben. Now. Pathetic performance tonight
He looks like a 84 year old man playing ball.
We’re going to lose 5 games in a row
We are the laughing stock of the sports world tonight
Playing down to competition? The standard is the standard.
I think the whole team is deflated. I want to believe Samuals isn't that idiotic. Ben's play has spread throughout everyone
"I don’t think I’ve ever seen this team look so bad. Playing with no heart right now, they look like they’re good with losing."
Fundamental failure.
Booger looks like he has been knocking back bread rolls like mints.
a-are we gonna just let the browns win this division? lmao
Our offense looked so promising at the beginning of the season. The fuck happened? This is a collapse like I’ve never seen before. We’ve looked so incompetent on offense for the last month and a half
What are the chances we get Mac Jones or Kyle Trask? Is Darnold still on the table for a low price? Need someone man. This decrepit old man can't get it done
"Ben needs a sports psychologist. I think hes playing scared and making mental mistakes. 

Also, Fire Fichtner"
At this point I feel like our offensive scheme has been exposed and there is nothing we can do other than completely rethink the playbook.
"Looks like we finally have the answer to who to blame, Randy or Ben.

Hint: it's not Randy"
Who hoenslty would be a good fit at qb for the team in the off season? Who should they look at
"lol its funny when they showed that Ben was 128 yards away from 60k, i thought it was a given he'd hit that today.  now it's looking like he may not hit that this season."
"Hopefully he goes in to some semblance of normal ""2nd half"" Ben, but man, the reads are as bad as the throws.  This is tough, and he looks quite dejected..."
Just remember Bengals rin off the field like they won the game.....let's this angry and passed off steelers come back I'm second half and win
Be careful what you wish for. Mason time
Alright good job by the defense. Now to reset and win the half
CLAYPOOL YOU SEXY FUCKING TANK
I TAKE IT BACK KEEP BEN IN THE GAME IF HE KEEPS DOING THINGS OF THJS MATTER
DJ CAUGHT A TD PASS IT TRULY IS A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE
Damn what did tomlin tell them at half time??
Where TF was this offense all first half? Jfc
Seriously what happened in the locker room at halftime
"Fichtner at half time: ""Wait guys, I just realized, I've been holding the play card upside down this whole time."""
How is this the same set of humans in white and yellow. like it can't be right?
Benching DJ was the best thing that could’ve happened
if we could get a pick six i would almost forgive our team for what they put me through the first half. almost.
Ben heard us talking shit
STOP GIVING CREDIT TO FICHTNER. HE’S DONE NOTHING
What’s it with us being unable to convert 3rd & short?
Chuks Okafor absolutely whiffed on hsi block and caused McDonald to not be able to get to his guy... We need an O-line overhaul big time.
Ryan Finley died and was resurrected in 3 seconds
Defense needs to make a fucking play here. Give up anything and it's not looking good
I can't believe how many LB's have gone down this season. It's unbelievable
"CAN SOMEBODY PLEASE ACCOUNT FOR FINLEY. HE IS RUNNING ALL OVER US ON ZONE READS

EDIT: WHAT DID I JUST FUCKING SAY"
11-5. First round playoff loss.
Can’t believe I spent my night watching this garbage
HE SMILED THE WHOLE WAY INTO THE ENDZONE
Fuck this team. Embarrassing embarrassment. Way to collapse.
That play is where we needed Bud Dupree
That comeback was fun to imagine for all of 5 secs
They run it 6 plays straight and the steelers cant do shit. Make Finley beat you with his arm they’re playing such soft defense
Stairway to 7 might be a tad bit in jeopardy
"I'm so pissed. I blame this offense for all our Defensive injuries. Left Bud, Bush, and Spillane out on the field for like 50 minutes every game."
Jackson is an idiot. That was blatant PI
Why in fuck’s name do the Steelers always have to do this to us!? Can we just be comfortable on game day please
"Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life
From the long arm of the law
Lawman has put an end to my running
And I'm so far from my home
Oh Mama, I can hear you a crying
And you're so scared and all alone
Hangman is coming down from the gallows
And I don't have very long"
"Defense has been hung out to dry for most of the season by the offense and they have major injuries, yet there's still ""fans"" shitting on them in here. Unreal."
Straight up gorgeous 1on1 open field tackle
I'll lose it if this game ends on another Ben tipped INT
That could have been DPI.
"That guy hooked claypool's arm, should've been PI"
Last 2 losses are all on Ben. Shit has been rough. Need to draft a QB
"It’s been real, rest the starters till the playoffs"
We got out coached by ZAC TAYLOR
Villanueva got bitched by Carl Lawson all game lol
"Last week Ben said, ""I need to do better.""  What will he say tomorrow?"
Come on down Matt stafford
God our OL is incompetent
Announcers just said that was a missed PI.
We run that same 3 wide set every fucking play offensively. I have never seen a more predictable offense it is embarrassing
Well. It was nice spending another week with everyone. Even though we go to bed depressed. See y’all for the next one
So many people in comments about to get banned for trolling lol
JUST END THE FUCKING GAME
Historic collapse. Never seen anything like it.
National Monday night game to win the division against one of the worst teams in the league with a qb no one has ever heard of and they got stomped.  I doubt they win another game.
Benny snell is not the reason for having absolutely zero run game and no play action threat. Offensive coordinating needs to be recycled three games ago.
"I’m so fucking conflicted, I loathe mason, but we can’t keep whatever the fuck possessed Ben on the field. Just run the wildcat with Henry Mondeaux"
"This is honestly the worst half of steelers football I've ever seen. Now I know I've been spoiled, but I have watched the Tommy Maddox and Kordell Stewart days."
"Bills fans gathering outside in the pandemic should be derided, not admired."
Next year's draft - LB LB LB LB LB LB
"Game on the line, 3rd and 10, and you throw it deep into 4 dudes"
"Some mofo is working second shift and avoiding the internet thinking, “I’ll go home after work, crack a beer and watch my Steelers get back on track versus the lowly Bengals.”"
Unpopular opinion: I miss AB. He was a crazy ass mf but OML was he consistent
Ben is recharged. Yinz bout to witness Large Benjamin COMPLETE a 10-ish YARD PASS maybe.
This Finley dude is tough as fuck. Major props to him
"DaNcEd FoR tIk ToK

Ok boomer calm tf down. You cannot possibly look at that catch attempt which was set up for failure at the start, and think “well maybe if he was more mature he would have held on after helmet to helmet contact”."
"Drive 1 - incomplete pass, 2-yard rush fails to pick up the difference, incomplete pass

Drive 2 - 5-yard pass, incomplete play-action fails to pick up the difference, incomplete pass

Drive 3 - fumbled snap

Drive 4 - 2-yard loss on screen, 5-yard rush fails to pick up the difference, incomplete pass

Drive 5 - incomplete pass, 3-yard screen fails to pick up the difference, pass & fumble

&#x200B;

Do we need a GoFundMe to buy Randy Fichtner a one-way ticket to Del Boca Vista?"
i hope Tomlin commits crimes when disciplining this team at the half
"Unsportsmanlike conduct is a dead ball foul. Holding isn’t. Enforce the holding, then the dead ball foul. Should have been a first down for Pittsburgh, these refs are really bad."
I’d like to see Matt Stafford as the Steelers QB next year.
I have now calmed down from earlier and I regret what I have said in anger tonight
This clown is calling for a RTP but they didn't say fuck all about juju getting hammered?!
Getting 11 straight wins and then dropping 3 straight including to Washington and Cincy is the most Steelers and 2020 thing ever at the same time
"Since the post I made immediately got marked as spam(at least I assume that's what happened), we've got 5 Pro Bowlers: TJ, Minkah, Cam, DeCastro and Pouncey. Everyone but DeCastro is a starter."
Can we all agree we'd rather have the muppets all game than the ESPN crew?
Lmao idk why but it makes me laugh that Claypool is JuJu's camera man
 under thrown is an understatement
Oh thank God he’s walking
The ref trying to push TJ back away from his brother when he's knocked out and clearly injured is peak NFL reffing.
TJ’s going to be out for blood now. Look at the look on his face. He looks like a lion stalking inside its cage.
Where is ray ray mcdonald tonight?
Ik our offense is shit but holy damn our defense is gorgeous
do you think we could get TJ to go both ways and play on the O line too
"""The Watt's send their regards""
-TJ after every tackle"
seriously Ben? what is this shit?
This is going to be a frustrating one I can tell...
I like Washington but... why is he the WR we go deep toss up to the last few weeks?  The shortest 4th WR. Makes no sense.. especially when the QB underthrows him. He can't defend a bad pass.
First one to three first downs wins
I would like to buy 1 offense please
"Stop blaming the coaches.  You can't complain, ""same three plays every series,"" then list a completely different set of plays every time.  Right now, for reasons that aren't 100% clear, the running backs can't run, the OL can't block, the QB can't throw, and the receivers can't catch.  That's not on the coaches.

Shit, we just ran play action twice in a series for the first time since...what, Charlie Batch?

The guys have to execute, or it doesn't matter what the play calls are."
The Colts are gonna fuckin stomp this team
LMFAOOOOO. Defense keeps getting shafted week after week with how close other teams start their possessions.
WHY HAS BEN REGRESSED SO HARD
this is how we get our D gassed by the 3rd quarter
"The Bengals are 2-10-1, and playing their 3rd string QB. Of course it can’t just be easy"
I love the Steelers but with how uninspired the offense plays I would rather do something else with my time
The sack streak continues!
At least the sack streak continues!
TJ! Highsmith with some nice pressure too.
Jesus Christ Watt have my babies
WATT DPOY NO QUESTION
71 sack streak!!!!
"Well, at least the D took care of business. Keeping them to 3 with that nasty field position, I'm okay. Now if only the offense can get going."
Steve Levy making shit up about a facemask is bush league.
TJ just doing TJ things yanno
This offense doesn't deserve this defense. :(
"Come on folks, it's only the Bengals.  We can spot them a few points before we crush them.  Also, having plenty of beer helps me through each week."
the thing that makes Highsmith so good is how quick he is off the line every play. also he looks much bigger than he did in college so I'm excited for what he'll look like next year with better conditioning
Everything about ESPN is trash
claypool needs to be on the field
I’m convinced this team watches zero film. We come into each game running the same bullshit and have no scheming
"Man, something is definitely broken with this O"
3 and out on 15/29 drives? it feels like it lmao
Hey a 4 yard run!
At this point we have to have one of the worst offenses in the league
Is Claypool dead? Why tf is Mccloud in on 3rd down over Claypool?!?!
I’ll defend ben any day of the week. But he does not have his spark right now. And he needs to shape up ASAP
Looking like Manning's last season in Denver. Just no zip.
Yeah he’s definitely hurt lmao
"""they're airing out jordan barry's leg"" LMFAO IM DEAD"
Ben’s thrown three passes that should have been picked and lost a fumble. He looks fuckin dreadful.
This is I think the worst looking offense I’ve seen ever including last year
Ben makes 20 million a year and practices once a week for 6 months. Let that sink in. Maybe build chemistry with your receivers.
"Right tackle getting a head start against watt again, let’s see if it gets called 🙄"
TJ just got triple teamed on that play
Fuck coming down on frozen turf.
OUCH that’s a concussion.
Even Finley making the deep pass look good.
Watt being triple teamed
"I don’t want to hear anything about optimism after we just started like that given the past 2 weeks, we are probably gonna be the 3 seed and have to go to colts or browns and get embarrassed"
"""Juju needs to stop dancing""
""Tomlin sux""

Please just go back to Facebook"
Bens thrown more balls to the bengals then the bengals have.
Another throw behind the line with little pressure why?
"Get Ben out, he isnt learning"
Helmet to helmet?
Panic button.  Something is very very very wrong here.
He crowned juju
Claypool is still running if Roethlisberger has any interest in throwing anything except drag routes 7 yards short of the sticks.
Has Ben been hiding an injury for a couple weeks?  This is getting way worse.
"Ben leaving his guys out to dry. I hate to say it, but Mason time"
claypool was wide open over the middle hed still be running
"Ben is playing so bad, also no call on helmet to helmet w the crown"
December 21 2020 9pm on MNF in Cincinnati Ohio......that's when HoF Ben Roethlisberger's career came to a sudden and immediate end.
[deleted]
Ben is going to get Juju hurt I’m sick of seeing him dump it off to him when there’s two guys ready to blow him up
Helmet to helmet much?
Wtf do they do all week
"Regardless of outcome, that pass was a yard behind the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 7 with two guys right on top of the wr."
Great so it’s a catch when we fumble against the Bengals in 2020 but an incomplete pass when it’s a TD against the Patriots in 2017
Lead with crown of helmet throw the fucker out
It bothers me that you can replay whether something is a fumble but not whether the hit was illegal and dangerous.
And when we dont want a catch we get one. Smh
Claypool could have caught the ball and danced on their logo before picking up 20 more yards.
Leading with the crown has been illegal since before all the concussion stuff.  That's a bs no call
"I’m not enjoying watching this offense. It feels just like last year, painful to watch. Makes you want to turn the game off when they have the ball. They don’t deserve this defense."
I'm about to get out the devil's lettuce
This game is like watching the Jets play themselves
Why do I feel more pain watching the offense this year than I did last year
I’m still here. But Ben looks real bad
Third year in a row of a December melt down
Bene saying it for weeks. Making Ben throw these quick short passes 50 times a game is too predictable & defenses don't really have to game plan for anything else.
Finally get a game at a normal time. Without Collingsworthless announcing. And this offense just sucks the life out of me.
Getting shredded by Finlay?! Hes playing betta then Ben smfh
Fuck his shit. I'm going to go watch Attack on Titan
We don’t even have a fucking first down
"Cincy without Burrow and Mixon is probably THE WORST team in the NFL.

Let that sink in.

10-0."
People blaming Tomlin are literal clowns. Btw don’t keep that makeup on before bed it’s bad for the skin
"Even if we win, it should be safe to assume we should stay out of r/NFL, or any sports outlet. We look so fucking bad."
I just feel so bad for our defense.
"I will always love the Steelers, but I can't really say I'm excited to watch them in a playoff game this year. This offense just isn't very good right now."
I swear if we go 3 and out on the next drive I’m turning off the TV for the night...
Crazy that the Steelers went 11-0 and then will enter the playoffs on a losing streak.
I mean...when the defense has been doing 90% of the work can you really be upset with them at this point?
"Not gonna score 10 points. 

Well, maybe during garbage time once the Bengals are up 30 in the 4th."
Alright guys three more 1 yard drags where a receiver gets killed then we can be told that the receivers need to play better. Maybe throw in a terribly underthrown deep ball somewhere
Someone find Duck Hodges. You cannot convince me him last year wasn’t better than Ben has been the last ~6 games
Ben gets one more drive. After that you gotta bench him.
3rd and 1 should not be this difficult to convert
"""give Randy Fitchner credit""

lol no I absolutely will not"
Smoke em if you got em boys.  This is gonna be rough.
where the FUCK WAS THE FLAG I CANT WATCH THIS SHIT LMFAO
"ben is only throwing hospital balls, jesus"
Keep highlighting the fact that Claypool keeps getting open and Ben just is blind / can’t hit them. Feelsbadman
Wow fuck these refs i hope a bird shits on their face
HOW IS THAT NOT A PENALTY
CLAYPOOL WIDE OPEN AGAIN. BEN YOU FUCKING BUM
You know shits fucked on offense when we celebrate getting a first down lol.
Refs just aren’t throwing flags tonight lmfao. Ebron got hurt by the safety before the ball got there and nothing. Laughable
Pass interference all day long. Not sure what that jackass ref was staring at
Bens not even trying anymore
At this point I have no faith in this team beating any of the playoff teams let alone more than one.
Chase Claypool should have two touchdowns right now.
I remember when I got downvoted for saying that Ben is washed
Does Ben hate Claypool?
Attempted murder on Juju and Ebro.  Damn Bungholes
Well we gave it to claypool...
Ben should have 4 picks right now
Guys don't criticize Ben or you'll be told to root for a different team
"We’re a fucking laughingstock, though we deserve it"
"If you can’t throw the ball, we will replace you with someone who can"
The best part of this is how Ben will take all the blame after the game and then practice once this week
Who’s got there “I wanna die” memes ready?
This is embarrassing
"I’m shocked.  I really didn’t think after these past few weeks we could actually get worse.  A new low, my optimism has run out."
"Ok so we've lost, but lets see if we can get a FG at least to avoid the shut out."
First round exit here we come 😅
Never seen a team absolutely collapse in on itself to this degree before. Like everyone just gave up.
"Is Mike crying? Me too, Mike."
"Ok, that ""planets aligned"" comment is pretty funny."
We're done. At least we swept the Ratbirds.
This is so painful. I was SO excited going into the year and then when we were 5-0 I was elated. Now this is just awful.
First we lost to a team with no name and now we are losing to a team with no QB
Ben is actively trying to get all of the receivers hurt with these throws
Colts and Browns are going to destroy us.
"How have we gone from 11-0, super bowl contenders to THIS?"
Another murder ball.  Guy was lucky he didn’t get hit
"I find it funny, how Steelers fans are having their yearly ""fire Mike Tomlin"" tirade and this start is so clearly on Big Ben."
Wtf do they even do at practice on offense?
Shouldn't the unsportsmanlike only be enforced?
Rudolph goes in or we riot
"again they aren't calling the DBs getting their early, Ebron is out the game because of it"
Bench Ben
It’s the holiday season so lets give Rudolph a chance
You gonna do something Ben or just get pouty?
Tomlin might set a new record for F bombs at halftime tonight with this performance
Man I can't even express my frustration sitting on my couch right now. How do these guys feel
I’m drunk
Zac Taylor’s infinitely punchable face makes me miss Marvin Lewis.
Bengals get the ball to start the 2nd half.  This might be a very ugly score when the offense gets the ball next
Worst Steelers game you’ve ever seen? This might be it.
"It wasn't a great 2020...


Then we got 11 straight games...


I wanted to believe"
You have to wonder if the Steelers defense get deflated by watching the offense.
i dont think i've ever been this embarrassed as a steeler fan
Bench Ben.
Wow bengals are 2and10 lol wth is wrong with steelers
Oh god Ben. He needs to be sat on the bench. Utterly insane how he’s killed this offense
That was a bomb of a punt
"I mean truly is this what our team is now? Ben really runs this team doesnt he, and this is how we will go out."
Jordan Berry is having a good game at least
We really gotta score 17 unanswered points against the bengals
"Whoever had ""Steelers crapping the bed"" under ""December"" on their 2020 Bingo sheet, congratulations."
We’re down to cheering for good punts now.  Brutal game.  Announcers laughing at us and we are embarrassing ourselves.
Ben just needs to jerk one out at halftime and he'll come back and throw for 300yds and 4tds
Did the warranty on Ben's new arm run out?
But but I was told barely beating a covid ravaged Ravens team is fine!!!
"When people say that Bud Dupree isn’t a priority to sign, I’m gonna show them tapes of the games since he’s been out. They are just embarrassing Highsmith."
#Depression.
29 plays for 40 yards. I don’t care if the season gets thrown out at this point. Just for the love of God fire Randy.
Someone call Charlie Batch
"In three weeks:

We have gone from contenders to one and out. 

Ben has aged 30 years."
"Ben is the issue here. Randy has dialed up some deeper throws and been has just missed and or made bad reads and decisions. Defense isn’t at fault, they’re gassed. Only let in 124 yards. Turnovers and bad qb play. That is all"
As an Arsenal FC and Steelers fan the past few weeks has been beyond painful for me
"This game was where my last bit of hope rested. It was supposed to be a get right game where we blow them out. That ship has sailed, and I have no hope left. It’s over."
If Mason rudolph had that first half duck would be starting for the second one
"If Ben keeps playing like this, we're going to draft QB upcoming draft"
This first half demoralized me. I don’t see us turning it around the rest of the season. I’d be very surprised if they do anything but crumble in the playoffs
Tell Ben he has the next drive to prove it otherwise he’s benched. We don’t play in our fears and have to be brutally honest. Ben ain’t getting it done right now
Good thing we didn’t spend the million to get Jameis Winston for games like this!
Weird feeling. We score 24-0 in the second half.
Which one of you guys stole Finley's upper lip?
A shot of Jäger and a shart is coming up for me
Damn they really reused the campfire graphic
Amazing what happens when you get Claypool the ball.
CHASE AND DIONTAE LES GOOOOOOO
Do my eyes deceive me? Ben actually throwing a ball on target over 10 yards deep?
Lmao did anyone else just do their lowest energy TD celebration ever?
Ben rolls like 14 bad throws then throws that perfect ball
Now please let us actually use this momentum
WTF JUST HAPPENED?
The ol' put amphetamine in the smelling salts must have done the trick
That was the most visceral reaction I’ve ever seen Ben have
Lucky d there nice to get the arms up.
More holding on TJ
"“Ah you think your team sucking at football is your ally? You merely adopted the suck. I was born in it, molded by it. I didn’t see a winning season until I was already a man, by then we were kicked out the playoffs in our first appearance in 14 years” - bane"
Bro what if we scored on two straight drives. Wouldn't that be like cool or something
Did Ben do some lines at halftime?
Fucking announcers trying to jinx Bos
Don't worry guys. I called Tomlin.
"Only down 7, loads of time... Let's fucking go."
This is getting interesting now. Wonder what happened in those locker rooms during halftime.
[deleted]
Anyone else see a fat Ben lookalike on the zoom!?
"Whatever happened during halftime... needs to happen more often and earlier! We can win tonight folks, IT'S POSSIBLE!"
Did Griese just say the afc north hasn’t had a wild card team since 2005??? There were multiple year stretches of 2 even 3 teams since then
What if we are sucking on purpose so people can’t study us on tape.
I’ve been a negative Nancy all night and I’m done. Let’s fucking go. I want to bury the city of Cincinnati in tears. I want to end this fucking franchise. Fuck Ohio. Fuck cinci. Fuck skyline chili. Who Dey? A bunch of fucking pussies. Let’s fucking gooooooo
 I think Fichtner finally decided to turn to page 2 in the playbook 
Why run that in shotgun?
Unreal run it on second and one I dare you Randy we would’ve gotten the first
Bengals are due for a turnover.  I refuse to believe they can be good or lucky for any prolonged period.
THAT'S A SHOULDER HIT YOU FUCKING MORON.
Is lawrence Timmons still available?
"The Steelers have traditionally had really strong lbs, and we would have had that this year if not for injuries"
add it to the multiple PI calls they missed
This officiating crew had a Steeler game earlier this year and they were fucking awful.  They haven’t improved
A forced TO would be sick!!
defense shtting the bed in the 4th
I don't understand why we aren't stacking the fucking box. It's clear as day Finley doesn't want to throw the ball
Finley’s kept it and we’ve bit so many times tonight goddamn
"Well, the comeback was fun while it lasted"
Embarrassment of a game. Which of these 3 consecutive losses is considered the “wake up call”?
"Turns out being on the field most of the game and being on our 17th string MLB is negatively affecting our defense, who knew"
People blaming defense now when they have 17 of their 24 off turnovers on our side of the field foh
Bro if I saw the burger king surrounded by his employees walking up to me like that I would shit my pants
"We started 11-0, and we’re going to finish 11-5. Unbelievable."
Another one of Ben’s passes dropped
Lucky but right call
alright that was legit DPI
"Glad they scored the TD, but this offense just doesn't score fast. That drive took over 5 minutes."
We wasted so much time needing 2 scores lol
We need a Minkah pick-six.
Okay okay. The bet is now Minkah pick 6 and I tattoo a 3 on the left cheek and 9 on the right. Bold font.
"“Bailed out”.. that was clearly DPI, man wrapped his arm around him and jumped on his back 2 seconds before the ball got there"
"Ben blew off Fichtner on the sideline, right after the PAT"
Our D out here making Ryan Finley look like Ryan Tannehill smh
i need him to stop smiling all the damn time
How is this the offensive line that got Burrow killed
WHY DO WE LET THEM GET 3 YARDS AFTER CONTACT EVERYFUCKING TIME
Good read Minkah!
"Minkah and making huge plays, name a more iconic duo"
Minkah thank you
We used to have this one guy that always came up big in these spots
getting paid millions to play like bitches
3rd and 10...surrounded by defenders...why!?
Stupid ass play calls that drive. Randy went back to being Randy...
You need 10 fucking yards
We've resorted to Flacco tactics. Sigh.
that's the offensive play calls you go with? lmao
"Have so much time, a timeout, the 2 minute warning... And 2 downs to get the first... Why are you throwing over them mountains?"
What kind of 4th down screen play will we get here?
I hate this team
Welp...they lost...to the Bengals
What a pathetic fucking effort from this team. I'm ashamed for them.
Never went from a passionate to apathetic Steelers fan this quickly
Villanueva is trash
"God dammit, we had fucking Johnson open on the go route too RIP"
Al has been eaten alive all night.
"Nobody will be fired, nothing will change. Fuck off."
Fichner should be canned yesterday. The play call on that last drive is literally FUCKING NES TECMO LEVEL SHIT. DOWN B DOESN'T WORK EVERY FUCKING PLAY YOU SMOOTHBRAIN
Villanueva is not good.
Another game of offensive implosion. Defense allowed 7 points not off turnovers. Offense went 4 and out when we needed a touchdown to tie the game.
[deleted]
Now announcers are saying that should of been a pi fuck off
I hope were playing like shit to fool teams in the playoffs by thinking they have an easy win
11-3 boys!! Fuck-it!! bring on Indy.
Ben knows. I don’t think he will be back next year.
[deleted]
People blaming juju are just dumb as fuck lol. If yall think thats why we lose you are not very bright lol
Claypool open on the post but Ben forces a throw into triple coverage? What happened to you man?
"We need to rebuild this offense. Don’t pay James, don’t pay juju, get some offensive lineman in here and a good running back or else we’re not doing shit"
"Big Ben: I’m coming back for the 21 season

Everyone: Please don’t"
"Steelers might be the worst team in the NFL right now. Seriously, name a team that they could beat."
"Steelers not winning the division after going 11-0 would be the biggest meme since 28-3

Change my mind"
They didn’t get a free play because the Oline moved you dumbass commentator
"For everyone hating on the defense, they’ve been on the field 90% of the game"
"Stop it with the dance on the logo... who the hell cares? This team looks terrible and it has nothing to do with juju... Ben looks lost out there, the defense has been on the field for 25 minutes in a 30 minute half, they turned the ball over 3 times and they can’t run the ball... do you think any of that is because juju did a tik tok dance?!?! Fuck no!"
"The commentary was 100% on point. There's no point on running any play action because there is no real threat of a run. LBs aren't respecting the run.

I don't know who's going to respect us going forward. We aren't making it past the fucking Jets at this point."
Announcers reaching like motherfuckers
So we’re just not gonna talk about the fact that Juju got hit in the face helmet-to-helmet on that?  Can’t they review that pet and flag them?
"Game over, our offense can’t score 10"
I'm straight up not having a good time
"Ebron: Throw to Claypool, I don't want to die

Big Ben: No I don't think I will"
Running game..... not afraid.  Deep ball..... not afraid.  The limitations of the Steelers have made the Bengal defense scheme easy.  Might as well be playing Maden against a 6-year-old.
I like the FG. Make it one score. Don’t know what all yinz are on about go for it
All of you lurkers from other teams can suck my god damn taint. Fuck off and get a life
"3 turnovers to NONE

hard to overcome that"
I am so angry at Ben and Juju but I don’t know what to say. Ben was absolutely horrible and Juju puts a target on our backs every week so he can show off to a bunch of 12 year olds on a video app. Fuck this
The  on PI call on 3rd and 10 was on of the worst no calls I've seen. Literally made contact and tackled Claypool like 6 seconds pre ball getting there.
" If this is what Ben has left he shouldn’t come back, if this is what he shows the rest of the season we shouldn’t let him...

We could also clean house on the o-line and probably fire Fichtner"
"Booger just said ""by a lot"" lmao"
"Looking at these expert game picks, I feel like these “experts” haven’t seen us play against a 3rd string QB before or else they might not be predicting a blowout. On paper, they should, and I hope they do, but we all know this team likes giving us heart attacks"
I'll bet a lot on us wasting our first possession
"Hey, Charlie Batch in for Wolf on the radiocast tonight.  A world class backup till the end of time."
"First throw, nearly an interception lol"
"Oh fuck, my man says ""everybody relax, thats NOT a drop"""
"That looks bad, fuck"
Still throwing 7 yards short of the sticks... DJ still has to beat two LBs who have a bead on him to get the first. Just so fucking stupid.
Holy fuck
Jesus christ. Please be able to move. He looked lifeless.
Glad to see Watt get up. Hope he’s ok.
TJ just built different
Watt avenging bro
Tj getting fiiiiireddd upp
At least we got D
Mmmm yes TJ hungry
Thank god for Watt
Yeah let’s go ahead and leave a TE on TJ Watt.
"So anemic offense aside, I have been thoroughly impressed with how Berry has improved since bringing him back. It feels like his punts have gotten so much better."
Tj hungie
I like that play call. Especially since he caught it
Man I wish Ben would just do us a solid and retire. He’s looking worse and worse as the season goes on and now I hear he wants to play next season
These passes aren't even catchable
Ben looks like doodoo
Ben has almost no time. He’s getting hit every throw
Ben really is not very good huh
what is the deal with ben? is he playing hurt? the drop in accuracy from his play in fall is fucking crazy.
great hustle by highsmith on that one
Are you fucking kidding me?
THIS OFFENSE IS FUCKING GARBAGE.
"11-5 or 12-4 with this game ending with a one score lead, first round playoff exit"
This team peaked wayyyyyyyy too early
Is Ben on drugs tonight?
Our expectations were low but holy fuck
What the hell happened to our offense?!
"You can retire, Ben."
I mean... Are we just trying to give the Browns the division at this point?
How are yinz blaming the center when Ben can't even grab a ball placed directly into his fucking hands?????
OF COURSE WHEN YOU TAKE 99% OF SNAPS FROM SHOTGUN THIS HAPPENS
So I guess we're just done being good at offense?
We have played like clowns these last 3 games... sigh
Ben being petty because he doesn't want to be under center... that's what I am choosing to believe.  Better than being incompetent
Our only hope is TJ or Minkah for 6
[Watching the offense so far](https://i.imgur.com/JDlqOJ5.jpg)
Our team went from looking pretty damn good to one dementional really quick
Defense is the absolute saving grace of this team. They deserve a better performance from the offense.
3 should be enough
"Man, if Highsmith wraps him up that is his sack and not TJs."
TJ carrying rn
The offense doesn’t deserve this defense.
The bengals aren’t scoring unless our offense scores for them
Wanted to go the game thread in nfl like I do for almost every mnf game but forgot how much people hate the Steelers lol
"My guess is Ben injured his shoulder again recently and isn't telling anyone, because at this point his next injury is probably his last."
DPOY! Say it with me! D P O Y
I just looked it up! TJ Watt is leading in sacks now at 13
Highsmith has potential.  You have to wonder if they are hiding an injury on Ben.
A fucking safety just chucked AV to the ground he’s so terrible
How do you go 11-2 then play like this?
This reminds me of last year steelers
Holy shit! A running back hitting the hole!
7 yards rushing compared to 2 yards passing. Who said we can't run the ball???
Ben is definitely part of the problem along with our o line. Ben throwing 3 yards or less only hurts us
God Ben is bad
I wish we had a back up Qb to put in.
This offense is putrid
The fuck is DJ doing? FIGHT FOR THE BALL YOU LAZY FUCK
I'm convinced Ben is hurt. His throws look like a prepubescent girl.
this is the worst start to a game I have ever fuckin seen. Put mason in for fucks sake.. we should have two interceptions against us to go along with our one completion....total bullshit
The Bengals 3rd string QB looks better than Ben right now.
Ben must be hurt.... He looks like ass
Is this Ben’s worst game ever
I think I am going to go outside and shovel the front yard. Should take a few hours.
Why is the bengals QB always grinning he looks like the fucking joker
Should we sign Finley?
defense is going to be worn out by the middle of the 2nd quarter at this rate
At least it’s Muppet Night Football
"Boy, I sure am glad Ben didn't practice on those days off. He's *definitely* not a major problem for our offense."
"This feels like the 1990s Steelers.  Good if not great defense, ass offense"
"Ben needs to retire he said it himself, if he can’t play at a competitive level he’s done, dude needs to retire this year"
Lmaooo bell called him out for dancing on logos too this week. I don’t even feel bad
What happened to our offense between like week 4 and today?
Defenses love to play us. They literally know the plays because we haven’t adapted hahahahahaha
We might lose this 3-0
Should’ve been a flag
Ben has to be hurt. No other reason why he's playing like dog shit.
That’s a penalty but ok
Ben had Chase wide open and Ben threw it to Juju anyway.
Are we tanking and no one told me?
claypool openup the middle there. wtf.
"3rd and 7, better throw a pass to the LOS!"
These announcers suck as much as our play.
Idk anymore man. This is embarrassing
Ben is so ass
Suicide pass. Jesus Ben
Where's the helmet to helmet? Ahhh good ole nfl officiating.
The browns would embarrass this team right now
12 yards and two turnovers in five drives. That’s fucking spectacular.
Claypool wide open for a first down but let's throw it to juju behind line if scrimmage to get lit up
Idk if I even want to be in the playoffs
"This offense is so bad, it’s comical. We obviously didn’t prepare for this game at all, and just hoped the Bengals would roll over. Disgusting."
Sorry folks this offense is unwatchable
We fucking deserve this. I’m still gonna cry tho
Can someone recommend me to a psychiatrist
well that was a shit quarter
Bud Dupree was the glue of this team apparently.....cause this AINT the 2020 Steelers anymore.
If I see one more WR screen I’m going to throw my phone
what a waste of a season for this defense.
I bought a Canadian lager 6 pack for the game. Throw Mapletron the ball DAMNIT
Bro like the defense can only do so much
"So, when are we firing Randy Fichtner?"
I think ben needs to get fat again. Skinny ben lacks strength. Ben is to fat as Sampson is to hair.
Alright defense. You need to step up the offense for us to have any chance.
"i need some answers from ben. if he’s playing hurt, i get it, but a 3rd string bengals qb is outplaying him. he’s been playing shit in games consecutively but it isn’t concerning enough for him to show up to practice on wednesday. like what. the. fuuuuuuck."
Any points here feels like an insurmountable lead
Christmas is canceled
Defense could only carry this team for so long.
I’m ready for basketball at this point
We’re going to be the first team to ever start 11-0 and lose the division
Boy this must be how the rams felt yesterday...
i blame that TD on Ben.
"This is not the same team as our first 11 games.

Injuries don't help but our loss of talent is a scientific wonder."
Idk what’s worse: the Steelers or the MNF announcing team
"The Bengals have run 21 offensive plays, to the Steelers' 7"
Memba when we were good? :(
Worst 11-2 team ever
I feel bad for our defense. Everyone on our offense needs a wakeup call.
"It is infuriating that a bad team with nothing to play for looks better prepared, more fundamentally sound, and like they care more than the Steelers."
If the team is paying Fichtner a single penny he should be charged with theft.  Is there a worse OC in the league relative to the talent he has?
Did dobbs dress
"Fun fact:the last time this offense was good, was vs the bengals."
I'd almost kill for a pass good enough to be dropped about now
How is that not a PI call there?
Alright this is the start of our comeback and road to a super bowl championship
Bad no call but there's a triple coverage throw. Holy shit. Give me Mason
"I hate to say it, but bench Ben. It’s not his arm, it’s his eyes. I don’t know what he’s seeing out there."
"Holy fuck, refs missing 15 yarders all over the place."
"I’m pretty high and drunk, and I’m pretty sure I could make better choices than Ben right now."
Hello are these refs absolutely blind
"Clay must be fuming right now, man"
"Snell carrying this offense lmao, fucks sake"
The most telegraphed play I’ve ever seen.
The OLine is soooooo baaaaad
This going to get ugly
"That announcer though lmao
Okay not a couple he has 12"
I know absolutely nothing about football yet I knew that was gonna be a claypool run
Has Ben had a stroke?
Ben needs benched now before our team kills each other.
Bench Ben please
High-stepping at the 50? I have no words other than we deserve this
"Straight to him. Ben is starting to look like he did last year pre-surgery, the Pats/Seahawks games were rough"
"Yep, turning it off man. I can’t... what is this shit"
"Ben's done playing football, he should never see the field again"
Ben is done
Oh my God that Big Ben wants to play another year thread gonna age REAL BAD REAL FAST
Can we afford a QB in free agency?
Everyone is so frustrated. Absolutely falling apart
JUSY DONT THROW IT INTO COVERAGE HOLY SHIT
At least roll over and die with grace you fuckin’ cowards.
This just makes me sad. Like I'm just at a loss. There is no silver lining. There is no fight in this team
We're getting utterly embarrassed on national TV.
Defense is gassed already
Does our defense still score? Asking for the offense because they are dog shit today.
"I'll say it, its not his night.  Pull Ben"
"You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain. - Ben probably"
Did the Bengals and Steelers switch uniforms before the game or something?
11-5 season incoming
It’s over. I miss the early 2000s and those no nonsense teams.
This is embarrassing.
"I wouldn't be surprised if Ben's knee swells up at half time and he can't play coming out of the half

would save face for him"
Imagine getting blown out by the Bengals.
Bengals feeling themselves right now!!! I'm not saying its over but... This is def an ugly game. The league knows we a 1 and done team
"Ben has thrown exactly 17 Int's in every super bowl year. We are going through a start w adjustment for lombardi #7.


Everyone remain calm.


All part of the plan"
17- 0 vs the bengals?!!!!
Cincinnati is getting away with playing a pretty dirty fucking game tonight
Put Mason in. Get a Ben the rest and let him think about how shit he’s been.
We don’t even deserve a playoff spot honestly
The defense is gassed. This pathetic ass offense has really fucked them
If we don't score a TD by the half then we are done for this game. This game is making me sick.
Hello darkness my old friend
[Steelers letting the Bengals win so the Bengals get a worse pick in the draft](https://media2.giphy.com/media/d3mlE7uhX8KFgEmY/giphy.gif)
"Fucking gutless, this team sucks right now they couldn’t beat a high school squad to save the human race."
"Defense gave up when they saw the offense didnt show up.

Can't blame them."
I’m kinda disappointed that we can’t miss the playoffs anymore
Ben is done. Holy shit. This bengals D is poor too.
do yall now understand why people were challenging the validity of the 11-0 team??
Its crazy because randys called a decent game. Its just all on ben
If our qbs name wasnt ben Roethlisberger he wouldn't be starting. 5/13 -2 yards 1 interception. That gets you on the bench
I'll take Steelers playing down to their opponent for $200 Alex.
"As a Jet fan, I can't look at Trevor Lawrence footage without crying."
I’d bench ben at this point
Might need Rudolph to guide the sleigh tonight
"You turn the ball over again, give them favorable field position yet again, then you want to handcuff your only productive side of the ball EVEN more by giving them 15 yards...

This game is getting turned off. See you boys next week. I'm not doing this to myself tonight."
I'm going to jump in front of a truck
Why didn't any of you fucks remind me not to go on r/nfl
I live in Cinci. Have never been so thankful for work from home. Coworkers would be brutal tomorrow if I had to go in.
"BENch Roethlisbuger


I'm sorry. I'm lashing out."
Diontae Johnson and Benny Snell have been the most productive players on offense tonight. Just as we all predicted
I mean at this point the number one seed is gone for sure so you might as well put Rudolph in
Are they going to post a single point this game or have we hit rock bottom? Losing 0-something to the Bengals smh
"36 yards. The offense has 36 yards offense. Not in one drive, not one quarter but an entire half."
Tomlin better take some souls in the locker room at halftime
If Tomlin has balls he will bench ben
"don’t the bengals get the ball back at the half? lmao like fade me, fam."
"Short pass, short pass, short pass, short pass, sh"
What the fuck am I watching right now
"even if the penalties offset, it still counts towards the unsportsmanlike category? like the warning or whatever"
Well - something must be done. What will Tomlin say after this game  I wonder?
Thank god I live in Pittsburgh so everyone feels my pain
It’s like we forgot how to play football.
3 straight years of collapsing in December. We are a well coached team?
Can our coaching staff act like they actually care about this game and bench Ben? this isn’t Ben’s team it’s the god damn Steelers he can get his fee fees hurt and maybe start practicing during the week or something
Where are the morons who would say you're a fake fan for pointing out this team had serious problems earlier in the season?
Has anyone tried unplugging and plugging back in our team?
"We finally have a great defense after 10 years, and the offense starts selling. And it’s mostly rookie contracts on defense too. Crazy."
Why does this team constantly feel the need to embarrass us? 36 yards of offense against a nothing-bengals team is beyond terrible.
This team doesn't deserve to win the division
What are the chances of a 3 and out by the Steelers. I say 90%
Put in Josh Dobbs
Did Ben bet on the bengals or something?
For the love of God. Just sit Ben
At least with Duck we had good memes
"The best that can happen right now is for someone to step on Ben's ankle then kick his helmet right at Randy Fichtner, sending him into a coma till March"
And I was laughing at the RAMS yesterday...
WHYYY WOULD YOU RUN OUT OF BOUNDS
They look like they aren’t even trying
You absolutely cannot convince me that Ben is still an NFL QB. You genuinely cannot do it.
This is just embarrassing. Wtf is going on
This is worse than any game we played last year by a fucking mile
The checklist of what not to do in a football game are all getting checkmarked by this team tonight.
"Ben, How are you going to come off a full week of practice and against a 2 win team and put up 19 yards?"
Maybe we just don’t do the second half.
"praying for the best half time talk or all time 
Idc if we come out and win 100-17 at this point. This is shit. A win clinches the division and I guess we just don't want it"
Pain.
Drinking champagne without the cham
Can anyone come up with a moment this offense died? The last game they had things going okay was the Browns game. Then the crappy second half against the Titans and then bad first half against the Ravens the Dallas happened and it was just done. Anyone know what actually happened or changed?
So what’s everyone doing tonight? Cuz I can’t find a Steelers game on tonight...
Chris Berman looking like Mr. Scrooge.
"Ben is hitting around 20% of his 20+ yard throws, seriously need to start looking for a replacement"
I am fairly upset.
I am now on the Kyle Trask train
I went outside to check out Saturn and Jupiter at halftime ....have they said whether Ben is back
How are we looking worse than the Jets?
"of all the things that are problems, I assure you all that if Juju stopped dancing that nothing would be different"
Y'all got any more of them QBs?
"Turns out Bell was right, Ben wants to win his way. Now? We have to watch us lose his way too."
Bruh
Even Pittsburgh Dad suggested we put the Muppets in.
Lmfao if Mason comes in I'm watching for the memes
HOLY SHIT ROONEY IN AT QB
That's what we needed to start. Now need the offense to react.
We will never hear the end of this.
"Alright boys, 3-yard-run, screen pass for 2-yards, pass deflected at line of scrimmage. I hope I'm wrong."
Chase claypool is good at stuff
"Fucking finally Ben remembered how to pass, incredible throw"
Well I guess at least our run game now resembles that of a below average NFL team rather than a recreational nursing home squad.  So...you know...silver linings...
HERE. WE. FUCKING. GO!!!!
Oh christ... success on a screen us not ideal
RUMORS OF HIS DEMISE WERE GREATLY EXAGGERATED
lmaoooo I hate this team so much where the fuck was that all game oh my gooooood
Ben loves drama.
Turning point of the season?
Lol Bengals gonna cry for a flag when they mauled Ebron and hit Juju in the chin when he was defenseless. Those fucking idiots.
Tomlin must of threatened to play Mason
"Lulled them to sleep.


The steelers long con


21 unanswered incoming"
"Well... that was nice. I can’t say I’m overall optimistic, but that was really fucking nice."
"Glad to see them score, but where was this in the first half? We can’t be trying to dig ourselves out of a hole every game, we aren’t going to have continued success if we do that."
I’m afraid to get excited.
"tomlin truly got super powers tonight, who tf knows what he told everyone in the locker room but now we’re looking good"
Get that ball into claypools hands more please.
Ben has to start making that throw routine week in and week out again.
Ok so WE DO know how to play football. Ok good just checking
Was that Ben in the Steelers fans at home?
Lol so what was Ben just sandbagging in the first half or?
The one thing missing tonight: a defensive turnover.
Ray Ray stay away from those bouncers!!!
Sutton is the best DB we've drafted in recent memory
"Wow, I thought he was catching that for sure."
My friend Caleb hadn’t watched any Steelers games all year but he has watched the last 2 plus the first half of this one he turned it off at my request and we instantly scored and got a stop I’m sorry about him guys I’ll try and control him better
God only knows what Mike tomlin said at halftime but I wouldn’t have wanted to be there for it
Tomlin appears to be a great motivator. Questionable coach. Great motivator.
what did tomlin say in that locker room
Dj is back and im 100% here for it. Take over young sir!
These are different people right?
"Not sure what Tomlin said at halftime, but I am glad he said it. Finally looking non-lethargic."
BENJAMIN CORNELIUS SNELL
1st and goal we might as well kick a field goal.
"Stalling on a FG sucks, but I sort of like the rhythm we are getting into. Gotta keep it going though. All gas here. Force a turnover and we can turn the tide of this game."
If we come back I hope juju pisses on their logo and I’ll go piss on mark maddens house
randy couldnt see the run plays at the bottom of his sheet until he pulled his mask down for his halftime snack
Is this Juju's dancing fault too?
Damn that would’ve been a great call on 2nd and 1
It’s crazy how we went from one of the best O-lines to one of the worst O-lines
It's probably just a cramp right.... RIGHT
CAN WE STOP RUNNING OUT OF THE SHOTGUN ALL THE TIME
MINKAH PLZ A PIC 6
Our short yardage running game is embarrassing
Just fucking go under center if we’re running on 3rd and 1 oh my god
We literally have no more linebackers... What the fuck?!
At this rate we're gonna field the first linebackerless defense
This Ryan kid is the fucking terminator good lord that replay hurt my spine
Any LB’s in here? We need volunteers.
I think the Bengals still want this more than we do.
HE DIDNT CROSS THE LINE
So how do we plan on stopping the Colts run game next week without linebackers?
"Reminder that this sport is played at a professional level. When you play abysmally like our offense has, any competent team will see that and make adjustments. The Bengals are doing just that. If Fichtner isn't fired by the end of the season, I question this team's future."
Throw a pic Finley I know you want to
They are going just keep running. The Steelers have no LBs to plug holes
"Steelers still win.
But anyone else so drunk they can barely watch the game? 
This game is rough."
Pathetic fucking performance against a 2-10-1 team with a fucking backup QB
Man they are running all over us. Really showing how much we are missing our ILB’s
Getting embarrassed by Finley lmao we blow
"The worst part is that we need to score fast, which doesn't give the defense time to rest."
if Finley’s doing this I’m scared of mahomes
It’s not like they’ve called the option 4 times already
We make the fuckin biggest pieces of shit look good.
BYE BYE RANDY
"Ok, I'm officially concerned."
Lamar Finley
"Shoutout to those of us who turned off the game and are playing video games

Woo salvaged a Monday night"
Maybe we were the Muppets all along...
Everybody knew the bengals weren’t going to throw it except for the steelers
Ryan “Lamar Jackson” Finley
"9 play, 80 yard drive from Ryan Finley. Nice job “number 1 defense”!"
"Colbert needs to have a long, hard talk with Roethlisberger. He’s talking about playing two more years? Please. With guys like Dupree and Juju in contract years, and Watt next year, we are gonna have to start making some really tough decisions. A 40 year old QB eating up cap space just doesn’t make sense."
Bengals now should have had 4 interceptions by my count. all in their hands..all dropped
Just about turned this off if that was picked...
we have always had the slowest hurry up offense ever
STOP WASTING SO MUCH TIME HOLY SHIT
The O line gets bullied every. Single. Game.
"Yep, dpi"
D needs a 3 and out
This drive has no urgency.
Defense had plenty of rest. They need to force a stop. The on them if they don’t.
Fuck it I’m playin renegade rn on my phone
"Alright defense, one more drive one more 3 and out let’s go boys"
"This jig is up the news is out
They've finally found me
The renegade who had it made
Retrieved for a bounty
Never more to go astray
This will be the end today of the wanted man"
we need a stop defense. time to show the fuck up
"can you believe the time of possession is basically the same? imagine if this team wasn't so fucking sloppy with three turnovers, this wouldn't even be a game."
"I hate to say it but, Finley is super slick with hiding that ball. It’s tricking my eyes every time."
Helluva play by Minkah!
75 yards to tie it... Yikes.
This offense man. It makes me so sad.
Why not just play for the first down? Come on.
Wtf why not go for the sticks?
And that’s game. Unreal.
The defender ran right into clay but ok I guess
We’re a buncha frauds
What garbage playcall. What happened to moving the chains
"You have two minutes, the two minute warning, and a time out on third and ten and you throw an absolute prayer lol"
"Pulling his shoulder back before we can even see the ball... yeah still not DPI for me dog. 

Christ that was bad"
Goodnight everybody 😞
Gn guys. They disappoint us once again.
My grandma has a quicker kick step than AV
Holy shit Ben is awful.
O line 2 old Qb 2 old
Don't care if we went 11-0. We don't deserve a playoff appearance after these past 3 games.
Villanueva smh
"This game was painful to watch, and it was against the Bengals. The playoffs will be savage."
I’m not one to think this stuff but I would be lying to myself if I didn’t think this game was literally thrown. All this shit looks like they purposefully lost on purpose..that pass was unbelievable
"16 seconds... big deal. Remember when they wasted those seconds before halftime? Yeah, that's why that matters."
"Contrary to what this idiot announcer says, not going for a field goal makes no sense. Field goal makes it a two score game with 16 seconds left. No field goal let’s them possibly have the chance to tie it."
So against Indy we're going to get murdered or beat them by 30
Don't worry guys. A few more practices off and Ben will be good as new
"Imagine fucking chiming in about ""this should have been a flag"" but having shut up all fucking game about the dirty plays of the Bengals all game."" Dude, fuck off announcers."
This thread is funny because there's like 5 people who are clearly on a shitty stream and need a new ISP
If y’all think we winning a playoff game with this fucking offense you’re crazy
Holy fuck Ben has been awful.
this defense does not deserve this offense
I wonder what it feels like to be TJ watt. Like the literal only person to give a shit.
"Randy needs to goooooo, Randy needs to gooooo. Randy is a fucking idiot and he has to goooooo."
"Ben somehow looks worse than Brees did and Brees broke 11 fucking ribs. Sit him until the playoffs, lose in the wild card game, move on next year. Pray the defense can still be elite."
"To the untrained eye it looks like this team is falling apart


What you are seeing is strategery. Playoff teams watching game film have NOTHING ON US"
Has any team ever started 11-0 and lost the division?
If we lose this game. Mfs better be getting fired and benched. Fucking unacceptable
Where is the fucking flag?? Jesus fucking christ these refs are FUCKED
"How was that not a flag? Contact early, helmet to helmet.... jeeze"
Straight to the defender. Holy fuck. Every game since that delayed Ravens game just keeps getting worse.
You have to bench him right? He has negative passing yards and 2 turnovers. It would literally be better to not have a QB at all at this point.
I appreciate everything Ben has done for us but he looks cooked. I don't doubt he is hurt but I just don't think he is the guy anymore.  How can they justify his contract in 2021?
CONTROVERSIAL OPINION: we should maybe consider firing Randy Fichther 😳😳😳😳😳
Even with his mask on you can see Tomlin’s “deer in headlights” expression.
it’s typically just randy’s retarded play calling that hinders the offense. tonight we’re seeing how bad it is when ben is playing like shit too.
I was one of those fans who wanted them to lose a game because they needed a reality check and needed to make some adjustments but uh.. this isn't what I meant
Shutout in the first half by a 2 win team. 14 point favorite. Steelers are a joke.
Cameron Hayward looks like he’s going to murder Rothlisberger
I need to know something from the “calm down” folks of the sub: when can we panic?
Alright. I’m back to complaining about not converting in the red zone. Big step up from where we were.
Geez can that guy tuck those teeth back or not?
"These commentators are soooo garbage, the refs barely hand out free plays this season, there's no special treatment for it"
how was that not PI and why did Claypool start jogging
"GUYS, PI OR NOT BEN SHOULD NOT BE THROWING THAT BALL INTO QUADRUPLE COVERAGE, FUCKING INEXCUSABLE"
Steelers crawl into the playoffs with an injured team and get obliterated in the first round. Just as we expected.
"Coming in here to clown us is pointless, we are already despondent"
Why are you clowns calling for juju to be shot and murdered. Calm your tits. Would be shocked to not see him a) get resigned b) play well for the next 3 weeks and next season
That was blatant DPI
"Anyone blaming juju for that is insane.

That fumble was ALL on Ben."
"900 IQ coaching move would be to put in Dobbs for the final three games. He has such a different style from Ben that people will start gameplanning for that instead, and then once the playoffs roll around tell everyone you're sticking with Dobbs and then boom Ben comes in at the last second and can do all of the 5 yard passes to his hearts content and no one planned for it cause they were getting ready for Dobbs instead."
"Holy shit the locker room is mad! 

Source: Juju's new tiktok video"
Am I biased as fuck or did chase claypool just get absolutely mugged with no flag?
Im starting to believe those “worst 11-0 team ever” people.
Is helmet to helmet not a thing anymore?
Can’t even get mad at juju for that.  Short passes like that set receivers up to get their heads knocked off
Does Ben hate Chase?
Ben is actively avoiding Claypool at this point
These lame TMZ announcers can’t get enough of mentioning JuJu on the logo.  Can they just clone Romo already?
"You know it’s bad when you wish AB was on the sideline throwing a temper tantrum

Just show some damn passion and desire to be better"
Someone turn on the duck signal. 🦆🦆🦆
Bens work ethic is contagious and it shows on the offense
I think today I made the swap. We don't need OL in round 1. We need a QB
"""Where's Duck Hodges"" -me again, unironically

Holy fuckin shit this is so bad lmao"
"I would take Mitch Trubisky right now over Ben right now. 

I’d take literally any other starting QB rn, even Darnold. That’s how bad Ben currently looks."
In my 25 years as a Steelers fan I have never turned off a Steelers game. This makes two weeks in a row because this offense is LITERALLY worse than last year's. Ridiculous.
IF YOU DONT LOVE THIS THEN YOU DONT LOVE MIKE TOMLIN FOOTBALL
We should be up by 10.  How the hell do you give up 3 turnovers
"All I see is Juju this and Juju that, but no one gonna talk about how Ben can’t make the throws he used to make anymore?"
Did... Did Ben just throw into QUADRUPLE coverage? What the fuck
"RETIRE


E


T


I 


R


E"
This game might be squarely on Ben. He was beyond god awful.
"You know. I love this team. I will always love this team. No matter what. It's unfortunate that our descent began at the end of the season. I look forward to next game. But right now, I'm hurt. I don't understand this team. I don't understand the play calling. I don't understand the decision making. What is it going to take? I know everyone says fire everyone, cut juju, cut conner, bench ben etc. But honestly, what is it going to take for us to have a great offense and a great defense? What is it going to take to play a full football game at a high level? What is it going to take to be a complete football team? Right now, i honestly don't know. I'll see y'all next week, here we go."
I seriously think Ben is just straight up tired. The man is 38 with a reconstructed arm and playing football for the 11th week straight and had a lot of short and weird weeks (like the whole Raven week). Think we need to start Mason next weekend and just give Ben 7 days off cuz whatever state he is in right now will not any playoff games
"In the stadium cold as fuck watching our boys warm up. 

Couple questions for yinz-

WHO RIDE!?
WHO DEY!?"
When will commentators learn that Steelers fans don't *travel* well? They're already there.
That’s our Steeler offense smh.. Ik it’s first possession but 3 n out..
And a NASTY injury to kick off this game
Holy shit he’s dead
Damn TJ is standing right there :(
Holy shit knocked out cold. Hopefully that's all it is.
Jesus no chance that would've been enough anyway. Throw to the sticks ffs
Lmao same old offense. Unreal
"Welp, shit. I know we don't play Derek Watt much but damn he got knocked the fuck out. Hope he is okay. That hit didn't even look like his fault."
"The Bengals most talented player today... Tee Higgins


3rd String dogshit QB, grandpa backup RB


And you just know it’s gonna be close"
Jeez I hope he is ok
That was a brutal hit I hope he’s all right
Really hope Derek is okay. That shit wasn’t good.
"I can't even imagine what's going through TJ's mind. Of course, you are gutted to see a teammate get hurt, but when it's a teammate & brother it's gotta be so much more difficult. Hopefully, it's not too serious."
"I'm already crying. Fuck, Derek."
Bro not again. We don’t need more players getting hurt against the Bengals
"fuck off Whole Foods, HOW IS WATT"
Guess that crushes our hopes of seeing more of Derek Watt on the offense today…
"Jesus. Camera men are like “hey here announcers, this is TJ watt, the brother of the guy who just got knocked out, you should talk about him”

Announcers:.... yeah this is a physical game. That guy took a hit"
Immediate fencing response. Ugh.
we've played against so many QB's this season that i've never heard of before
Great stop TJ!
TJ Watt picking up the slack.
Ray Ray McDonald....my man
I hope we can make it past our own 25 this drive.
"I mean I know Bobby Hart sucks, but at least he plays tackle - how the fuck you going to try to run at TJ Watt with a TE lead blocking lol."
TJ WATT‼️‼️
DPOY
They are really going to jam the commercials into this game.
"Alright, we got our routine shitshow of an opening drive out of the way. Can we do something or do we gotta wait another quarter or two?"
[deleted]
JUJU hands of glue
I like how we're running play action more
If only Ben could throw
This defense of ours has to be getting pretty annoyed with our offense
this offense is a fucking joke
Lol I shit on Randy a lot but these Playactions are WIDE OPEN. Ben is playing like absolute shit right now.
"Man we got to see an incredible offense with the Killer B's wasted by absolutely garbage defense.

I really don't want to see our incredible defense wasted by an incompetent offense"
Matthew Staffiord next year
Excellent coverage by Nelson
What's the record for most combined 3 and outs in  a game? That's 4 in 6 minutes
Guess we need to pray for a defensive score tonight
This first quarter is giving me flashbacks from last week
Im just hoping for a first down on this drive
Has there been any first downs
This is looking exactly like the Bills game so far. We should be up big at half but the offense can’t move the chains.
The offense needs to help our defense
Maybe offense will show up this drive lol
Odd I thought Big 10 football was done for the year.
Offense better get it together on this drive.
Can we just have the defense play offense?
Lmfao put the muppets in
Ok now I’m panicking
Lmao and pouncey is in the pro bowl too ffs
He’s not used to being under centet
"I'm so glad we get to lose Bud Dupree next season to keep a QB who refused to take a pay cut yet claims he wants to win with a QB of -10000

My heart is so filled with joy and gladness"
"If we lose to this 2-10-1 Bengals team, I refuse to watch another Steelers game all season"
pick 6 would be lovely
Damn our offense just gets worse every drive
oh wow.. i guess we're just a terrible team all of a sudden?
Yo he was short
"Ah yes, lull them into a false sense of security. Big brain moves"
"As soon as Ben says he’s coming back next year too, man, this is sad :("
"Bro's, if we couldn't advance in postseasons with Ben, Brown, Bell, we certainly aren't advancing with this offensive core lol."
Eh Fitzpatrick making a solid tackle there.
Nice! Great sack!!
Honestly just waiting for the day most of you realize that Finctner sucks at his job and needs to go
How much does our defense have to do to help our shitty offense?
DPOY right there.
Good boy Watt.
"Thank god I chose to buy a Watt jersey instead of a JuJu jersey, let’s hope he stays."
ryan findley out here trying to save our team
I am starting to despise our offense
"Can TJ play HC, OC, and QB?"
highsmith is going to be special
D going to be exhausted in the 1st quarter
We are trailing the Bengals on their 3rd string quarterback
Man what the fuck
A negative 3 yard pass! So refreshing.
This offense lol. AV can't block ONE guy
OMG you can't make this play calling up
That’s a good play if Al maintains the block
It's good to throw behind the line
Ben looks 100 yrs old
This is ugly
Why is chase claypool not on the field and why does our OC not know that the field extends more than 5 yds past the line of scrimmage? Short passes and runs on 90% of plays regardless of the situation.
"There has been one first down in this game and it came by an inch or so on a generous spot. If I wasn’t rooting for a team in this game, I might puke."
I would like to see Mapletron out there more
How did the offense regress so much
"Where did our 30 Pt/game offense go, and who the fuck are these imposters?"
"Seriously if Ben can’t get under center so they can try and run the ball, it’s time to figure some shit out."
The play calling doesn’t seem like an issue tonight. They’ve tried different looks. Ben just looks washed.
How is our offense somehow actually worse than it was last year
Berry has punted well tonight so there’s that
Questionable: J. Berry - leg fatigue
"Good Lord, if Burrow was healthy they would by up 14."
Dude I hate to say this... Ben actually has to be benched
That’s the 3 “should have been interception” in 3 drives. Fichtner sucks but he’s not out there making Ben throw those balls.
I'm not high enough for this.
I want someone (not tomlin) fired right now
Good old reliable Minkah
"DRAFT A FUCKING QB AND OLINEMAN, FUCKSAKE."
When Ryan Finley outplays Big Ben.
"Defence is literally gonna die tonight, they have 0 rest"
Omg is the fucking bungals going to light our asses up tonight wtf!?
Boyd probably has a concussion
This feels so much like 2018 except we are already guaranteed a playoff spot
Just get out of this game with a W doesn’t matter how ugly. Then rest everyone who needs to be next two weeks.
"We’re gonna lose to the Dolphins at worst and Ravens at best. 

Ugliest news is Browns game week 17 might be prime time at this rate. ‘‘Twas fun ladies and germs."
I think I might go jerk off and watch a movie instead of watching this shitshow
I can’t really tell if the line or the WRs or the QB is the problem. pathetic that they cannot even get a 1st down against the bungles
our poor defense is going to get so tired
[deleted]
"Not quitting on the team, but man this beginning to the game is outright disgusting. Just bad to watch man"
If y'all havnt been here for Jaguars vs Pittsburgh and saw Ben throw 3 picks... I understand 100% why you think he will be benched. I'm already used to this lol. Ben will be out there until this games over
As bad as Ben is I think Rudolph is worse. Is duck busy?
does finley ever stop smiling?
"I want Duck, not because he’ll do any better but because I want memes"
go for it. why not? our offense sucks
Steelers are stanking up the joint the last 3 weeks.  This offense is Duck Hodges bad.. and he doesn’t deserve that lol I know
"Time to block Colin Cowherd on all platforms, that dude is gonna get a hard on shitting on us for the next few days"
Ben’s passes have hit more Bengal hands than Steelers.
How have they not had an INT yet?
"""And the Steelers will have great field position for their next punt attempt."""
"So basically the offenses contribution is just to give the defense a few minutes to catch their breath. Otherwise, there’s no point in them even coming on the field."
Ben SUCKS right now
Please retire
Good God this offense is horrible to watch.
They're seriously gonna keep doing the same shit? Jesus fucking christ has this team become the old Browns or what?!
"Bench Bens bum ass, he just got juju killed"
Lmao wtf do we do at this point??? Can’t hit throws and can’t run the ball. I literally don’t know how they can fix this
What the hell are they doing?
"3rd and 7, running a route at the LOS. Kill me now pls."
It's 2am where I am and I'm not enjoying this
5 punts in one quarter at what point  do you keep doing the same thing. At what point do you leave Ben in. He sucks
No one saw the short pass coming.
Why the fuck are we running plays short of the sticks in that situation?
SOUBDS LIKE IM GETTING DRUNK AGAIN TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS
Can Randy call something other than a screen or a crossing route
Why can’t we throw a freakin pass beyond the line of scrimmage
The defense needs to get in the face of the offense cause they aren’t showing any energy they just don’t care. This offense is much worse than the jets who are 1-13. Pathetic considering one should have energy.
Worst offense in the nfl. Ben is done. Bench him immediately. Claypool wide open. Unreal. Fuck
RUN. THE. BALL.
No helmet to helmet on a defenseless receiver?  Ok...
I feel like such a dumbfuck for starting Ben in fantasy. No championship for me 😭
"Beating the Chiefs, let alone a playoff team with this O?

nah"
"It's still early, but this is not good. The team on the field fucking sucks and I can't see how they're going to turn it around."
Just put Rudolph in ffs
You can’t overstate how bad this offense is. It is worse than the Duck and Rudolph offense. Don’t know how that’s possible but it is. Ben is going out with a whimper. He should just retire after the one and done.
Ben really just tried to kill Juju
Ben’s not going thru any progressions. Just first read - pass
I am straight up not having a good time!
This is the most pathetic excuse for an offense that I’ve ever seen. We don’t deserve our record
For everyone yelling about Fichtner (and yes he has serious issues) #7 is also an issue. Claypool comes Wide the fuck open but Roethlisberger is already committed to the same drag 8 yards short of the sticks.
"Ben is washed lol. Juju double covered on a crosser at the line of scrimmage, let’s throw him the ball. He isn’t even going through any reads."
"This season is over. 

Playoffs will be a total embarrassment.


edit:check my past posts...I have never been debbie downer on this team, but something is really broke in this offense and it wont get fixed this year."
"Big Ben looks frustrated right now, he is missing opening receivers. Chase Claypool was the better option on that route and he decides to dink and dunk it to JuJu who ends up getting smacked."
This offense is horrific. Looks worse than some of the games with duck as qb last year.
Ben's actually broken Holy shit
Lol comments crying about a helmet to helmet. How about saying that Claypool was wide fucking open..
"Look I live Ben, been the only QB i’ve know my entire Pittsburgh Steelers QB. But holy fuck its like watching my own dog slowly die. He looks hurt man. Bench him please, He needs a break"
Ben is just not seeing the field well. He’s going with his first read no matter what. He needs to wake up.
Poor defense
Fumble as well as helmet to helmet
How have we not fired Randy yet lol. 5 straight possessions without a 1st down.
"After our one game exit from the playoffs, someone out there is going to write one hell of a story about the collapse of this team from 11 wins in a row to whatever the hell this is."
The offense looks completely and utterly one dimensional right now.
Helmet to chin???? HELLO?
Helmet to Helmet?
How is that not helmet to helmet?
"I’m sorry, but Ben needs to just retire at this point and Fichtner / Sarrett gotta go. I’d rather fly another sufferable season with a backup because there is no excuse for the product displayed right now."
[removed]
"Stop being so toxic guys, the team is clearly fine /s"
god we fucking suck so bad on offense
This team is embarrassing rn
TWO total offensive yards in the first quarter!!!!
"Just got a text from an uncle

""I'm bleeding from my eyes""

Couldn't say it any better."
"Maybe the worst Steelers quarter I’ve ever seen, truly"
Ok now that our bad football is out of the way we are about to dominate right? ........right?
Offense gonna put their angry faces on and go 3 & out next drive
Ok steelers have no chance in the playoffs playing like this.
The Ben regression is happening before our eyes. He stared the season hot but these last 4 weeks he can’t complete a pass more than 20 yards and the offense can’t compensate. Defenses don’t have to respect a deep ball or a fake run. So just drop back and wait for a gift.
If you want an example of how predictable our offense is look at that last play. That safety left chase claypool wide open past the sticks to chase a short route on 3rd & 7. That’s an embarrassing level of predictability.
It’s a tough look to dance on the other teams logo and play for an offense like this.  Do that shit in KC in a month (if they even get that far) and they will put up a 70 burger on us.
Steelers should punt on first down for the rest of the game.
I knew things were looking bad but shit man this is worse than I thought
Why the fuck doesn’t this offense get Claypool more involved? He IS the best receiving vertical threat on this team and a matchup nightmare 1 on 1.  There is simply no excuse for the 2 yard bullshit here.
"""heaven just got better on defense"" i love it"
I’m just mad the announcer are blatantly ignoring the helmet to chin. Can’t even comment and say “it was a good hit”
Would love to see Tomlin tear into the offense on the sideline the way he does the defense
I get it! Ben just wants to test the limits of our defense and see how good they are! Genius.
Man y’all have a good defense but if the defense stays on the field constantly it ain’t gonna look pretty
I already want to stop watching this game. This is so fucking sad.
I feel like calling this team a complete fucking embarrassment might be an insult to complete fucking embarrassments.
We are legit being dominated
we look so embarrasssing holy fuck i cant watch
Steelers about to be down 10-0 in a game they were favored by 14.5.
Two turnovers. 10 point deficit. Shocker.
We’re gonna lose the division. I feel it coming.
this isnt on the defense...
Panicking
Holy shit. We are the most shit 11-2 team.
Hard to blame the defense for that one. Short field yet again and almost no rest the entire game so far. This offense is anemic and it’s going to ruin our season if we don’t change up the play calling.
Exactly what changes were made from last week? I’m dying to know?
"This is one of those ""even if we win this game we still lose"" situations.  This is absolutely terrible, no 1st downs and 2 turnovers?  I'm not sure I see a path to this team winning a playoff game.  What happened to this offense :("
Ben has 5 yards.. 5 YARDS!
At what point does Tomlin have to pull Ben?
At this point we’ve struggled on offense for at least 4 straight games. I don’t think there’s gonna be any turning it around
"This team has literally fell off of a cliff. They look awful against every team they play now. I honestly didn't think that they would win the super bowl this season, but I wasn't expecting them to just fall apart with a couple of games left in the season."
I seriously can't believe what I am seeing from this offense for how many weeks in a row now. The scary part is that I don't know if this is fixable with the current staff and roster.
"Ben after first two losses of the season: ""Maybe I'm just not any good"" 
Ben: ""We're not emotionally tough"" 
Ben: ""I'm coming back next year"" 
Anyone notice anything?"
"At the rate this offense is going, forget about a touchdown, they'll never even get in range for a field goal."
Stwelers offense has punted the ball 65 mes. That is the second most. Tops is the Jets with 70. No doubt they'll be tops by the end of the game. How Fichter still is OC is beyond me.
Holy shit! Positive 1st down run!
"You know, I’m no football coach, but maybe our run game would open up a bit if we didn’t run every play out of the gun and let our linemen get down in a three point stance and, y’know, run block instead of starting from the pass block position."
I’ve seen nursing home residents that can run better than this team
WHAT NO FLAG WHAT
This is a joke wtf lol
"That has to be an early hit, but regardless terrible decisions by Ben"
This is just a constant shit show right now. Hope Ebron is all right. My blood pressure and anxiety is too fucking high.
Is Ben trying to kill his teammates 💀
Ben what the fuck
Where is the dpi
I understand why the Saints are still angry
Ben loving these suicide passes
Claypool keeps running further than Ben can throw it.
Does Ben not remember the plays or just making ever wrong read? Multiple plays missing guys wide open
Has Ben completed a single pass
So we’re just not calling penalties tonight apparently?
Does Ben hate claypool or something ?
"Not really a fair freeze frame for the post route considering Ben is already looking and in the throwing motion for Ebron.  Safety is already breaking that way.  

Only way that works is if Ben pumps and then goes Claypool."
I thought the defender got there early on that one
"Hope the defense starts smacking people, you cannot let them tee off on our players like this.

If the refs won’t call flags then we need to start playing more physical"
I just don’t understand how our offense has regressed so far
"They are still playing like a 2-10 team. It’s just that we’re so bad, we make them look good."
"Roethlisberger looked pissed on the sideline after that last possession and looks frustrated on this one. Not for nothing, it’s easy to be a good teammate and talk about how much you’ve changed when you are 11-0. I am terrified that diva Roethlisberger might rear his ugly head at the worst possible time, as we gear up for a playoff run."
"Draw plays are now 1 for 6,793"
Defense is at least getting some rest
HE CAUGHT ONE HE CAUGHT ONE
Claypool pissed.. wide open multiple times.. yet he gets it on a sweep for a loss.
"Claypool getting frustrated, and I don't blame him."
Ok. Ben to the bench for a little while
Yooo this is funny at this point
I’m so far gone I cackled when it got intercepted.  Fuck this lol
Johnny manzel needs to come down to teach ben a little something about sitting on a bench
[deleted]
"Okay I’ll bite, we need to bench Ben"
What an epic collapse
"This ain't fucking it, chief"
Yeah it pains me to say but Rudolph in
Fuck Roethlisberger!! He's being shown up by Finley of the fucking Bungles.
Honestly...bench Ben
Finctner shouldn’t be allowed on the plane ride back
BENCH HIS ASS
This team is going 11-5
I WANT DOBBS NOW
"Sit Ben, let Rudolph at least try to get us a Christmas miracle"
Really looks like Ben should hang them up. Play with Mason for a year to have a shit record and hope they can get a decent pick for 2022.
Just bench him
It’s only fucking fair to the laws of football you bench him
Bench Ben
We look like a fucking disgrace
i mean that high step was technically a taunt. just sayin.
"Yo they need to bench ben. Have a doctor look at his eyes,  this is the worst I've ever seen him throw the ball.

Oh yeah and OF COURSE they flag us. Cuz they can only see a penalty when it's in bright yellow."
Kyle Trask or Mac Jones. Which one y’all like more?.
I think it's time to bring Rudolph in.
We might get shutout by one of the worst teams in the NFL
5/13 -2 yards. Enough said.
Ben is done.  Dude isn't looking off his receivers.   His lack of discipline caught up to him this year.
We fucking suck.
"Benching Rudolph provided a spark and a win against the Bengals last year. Gotta wonder if it’s an option here but for Mason. Rudolph has his issues, but I feel like he could outdo -2 passing yards"
Thank god we didn’t play the Jets this year
Well GG
We literally forgot how to play
No fucking heart
“I expect routine plays to be made routinely”
Game over
Absolute collapse
Finley’s teeth are so fucking huge with his tiny face
We have officially imploded
Wow. We fucking suck.
Imagine getting gashed by a fucking 2 win team. At least Washington is actually a decent team. The bengals are straight trash and we find a way to play worse than them. This isn't playing down to your opponent. This is piss poor playcalling fronted by an anemic run game and a dumbass for a QB. This game is fucking over already. Fuck this entire team. They didn't deserve 11 wins. Fuck them all.
This is embarrassing...
Please do not put Ben back in. He sucks so bad.
"BRB, going to drink some bleach"
I’ve never seen a team flame out like this. 11-n0
i blame that TD on ben too.
Where’s Randel El
Thank God Joey B. is not playing or this would be even worse
Can we trade our playoff spot to Jacksonville for the 1st round pick?
"i know we already clinched the playoffs, but guys can you stop embarrassing me?"
How did we win 11? Lol. I guess I’ve been drinking too much this season.
"It’s 2:30am man, this isn’t worth it. Gnight all"
Sad that this is how the Ben era appears to be wrapping up.
Ben's eyes look glazed. No spark. No anger. He needs to sit.
At least only just over 3 weeks until hockey szn
"If Ben turns the ball over one more and continues to fall apart, Steelers need to put in Dobbs or Rudolph to spark something because this offense is brutal."
I cannot fucking wait to lose the division after starting 11-0 and lose in the first round in epic fashion. Hot fucking garbage
"If we are getting blown out by the 2-10 Bungals with a 3rd string qb, we will lose by 50 in the playoffs at least"
"I think Ben literally only looks at his first read and then throws it no matter what. He is throwing arrogantly , thinking he can hit impossible holes."
"We wouldn’t beat the Jets right now. Not a single power ranking should have us in the top 20 tomorrow. 

We are flat out bad."
What’s terry bradshaw doing these days
Ben is costing us this game
we collapsing harder than a super massive star at the end of its life rn.
Can we opt out of the playoffs?
drew brees played better with all his ribs broken
"This is so bad I can't even be mad at it, I'm just laughing."
🎵Rudolph hope your arm is right... Cause Ben really SUCKS tonight. 🎵
Ok but seriously how were we 11-0
Remember when the Steelers were the team that stood out and usually won most prime time games?
We are getting brigaded hard it’s hysterical. There’s no one more self deprecating than Pittsburgh fans
"Jesus fuck this is embarrassing. Have to stay away from r/nfl, although I'm sure all 31 teams gonna have fans brigading us."
Someone needs to get Al Pacino into this fucking team's locker room at halftime
"well DJ is catching it 

thats a good thing right"
"It's like Fitchner thinks Ben's arm is done, so early in the season he makes us a short passing team, but that's all he called.  We did well because we have a great defense.  However, now the defenses have adapted, basically treating us like a team that only has a running game and has crushed us.   Fitchner has called deep passes the last few, but Ben has pretty much just proven Fitchner right."
"One night eight hundred years ago, a peasant farmer looked up into the sky, pointed out the especially bright star to his young son, and said ""Boy, the next time that happens, the Steelers will be losing to the freaking Bengals."""
I thought unsportsmanlike supersedes?
Isn’t a dead ball foul enforced and not offset
It’s too easy for the Bengals. They need a defensive touchdown to get some momentum
Fs in chat for this L. They will need to come out a completely different team in the 2nd half to turn this around.
This team is falling apart.
this is what you get with the one-dimension offense
Alexander is a fucking piece of shit
Damn after seeing the score im glad I'm stuck at work
fuck fuck fuck 🤌
Can Tomlin light a fucking fire under this team? I often see Head coaches lighting fires under players asses to get them going and all Tomlin is fucking doing is just standing there like he doesn’t wanna be there any longer
"It’s going to be weird as fuck watching the Steelers without Big Ben. He’s been our QB for basically the whole time I’ve been a fan of the Steelers, but I honestly think it’s time..."
"This is our opportunity to clinch the division, and what do we do? Shit the bed

Browns play the Jets and we play the Colts. Unless we somehow beat the Colts, I don’t see us winning the division."
Does SFincter know that Claypool is on our team?
No timeout here?  Living in our fears
Oh boy we get the ball again
do we even try to get points in the last minute?
"Ben needs to be benched, his head is not in the game."
We’re making late season meltdowns an annual thing now.
Rudolph with your nose so bright?
"For fucks sake, bench Ben for the second half"
If they just stay in the locker room and don’t come out for the second half I wouldn’t even be mad.
Ben just do that thing where you fake an injury and this all can be over.
Bens entered the “oh there is pressure I’ll just drop the ball”
1st round exit
Rudolph will come in and sling it to Claypool
Berry looks good.
Wtf would you stop the clock?!
[deleted]
Heyward looks so pissed dude
If I didn't have work in the morning I'd be getting drunk rn
Where are the fundamentals?
lmao wtf is going on
I can't listen to Miss 5-packs a day and Jabba the Dunce for 30 mins. See ya in the 3rd.
As far as I can remember that was the worst first half I've experienced in about 20+ years as a fan.
The good news is this offense is going to look pretty different next season.
Not sure how we can say Randy is the issue. Ben is missing throws and turning it over.
"Well at least we qualified for the playoffs.

I'm in full on cope mode bros."
Really shouldn’t be watching this game at work. I think I developed a fucking twitch
"Is Ben playing hurt?

Defense looks so different without Dupree as well."
"Being down isn't that bad, but 17 points feels like more than we are capable of in a whole game let alone a half"
Boswell should just start kicking passes to everyone
Welp Ben is in sweats
Lets get a turnover and then proceed to kick their striped asses
Our poor defense. They play great but are constantly being put in bad situations by the offense
Can we put these Muppets in on offense? Can't be worse.
"Oh god, radio says Rudolph warming up m"
Ben is on the sidelines wearing sweatpants. holy fuck.
"I think something happened to Bens Elbow game 12. I wish I could pull the video, it was on a sack, plus his knee. He’s done. At this point put in Mason and see what he could do."
"Phil Rivers is going to ""you know what"" us in the ""you know where"" next week."
Thank god Finley sucks
"This is game is still winnable. But we have to score a TD on this possession and hope the defense holds up and not allow any more scores.. it’s daunting, but doable. Here we go!!"
Ben looks like he couldn't care less. I don't get it.
Can the Steelers score 20 straight and have the D hold the Bengals scoreless in the second half?
CHASE SAVE US
Almost like Claypool is a playmaker
Here comes the comeback
Where my negative people at? I hope yall saved my comments.  21-17 end of 3rd.
STRAIGHT TO THE SUPERBOWL
lEtS gO mAsOn
Alright where the fuck was that??
Good.  Now do it again
The pain killers are kicking in
im crying. i saw a glimpse of fall steelers football and i missed it so much.
What just happened
There’s the top talent I know good lord
fuck yes.. need another one of those
Bengals gonna Bungle. The one thing giving me hope.
Thank fuck
Props to Ben on that throw
Very happy to be corrected Ben
If this offense gets its shit together it’s stairway to seven. Don’t lose faith boys this team still has the potential for a deep playoff run
I'm smelling an INT coming here. I'm thinking Nelson or Minkah.
Let’s fucking go
Sutton has been balling out lately. Love to see it.
to be a fly on the wall in the locker room during halftime
What in the hell went on in the locker room
Get the fuckin first down jfc
"Jesus Christ. Why can’t Dionte just run straight up field. That was an easy first down, but no I gotta juke back and fourth for no yards"
Diontae I like the confidence but don't do that
WTF am I watching? Lol
Wtf did they inject into Ben's arm. He's fucking ripping em
Hessaneaur benched and clapping his teammates on the sidelines. Love it
"Now don’t overreact people. The Steelers aren’t saved, but we should definitely be happy"
Ben called a run audible.
If Claypool made that I would flip shit.
What fucking team is this?
gotta catch up so we have a nail biter at the end of course
Alright let’s get that turnover boys
What is up with these idiot announcers?
Defense forcing a turnover i can feel it
They rly just jinxed Boswell huh
"Should have handed it to Snell 1st and 2nd there, but I’ll take the 3 points. 1 touchdown game!"
"Minkah time, right now."
I decided to play a couple games of Fortnite with my son and come back to this comeback??
Take the points and get back on defense. Let’s goooooo
Did we actually make adjustments at the half? Seems like a different offense out there
Please all I want is a 1pm Sunday game please it’s all I ask for
Does anyone else think this commentator sounds like Steve Kerr?
Ray ray 90 yards to the house incoming
Tf these commentators on about? Get back to forcing turnovers as if it's a gameplan smh.
Run it there mannnn come on
He good. Cramp
"Looked like Johnson tweaked his ankle, no? Just a really weird flick of his foot there."
WHY THE FUCK DO WE KEEP RUNNING UP THE GUT.
Give DJ some pickle juice and put em back out there
This is why you run on 2nd and 1
That fucking dumbass fake end around has not worked for weeks and weeks.
Benny snell can’t read holea
2nd and 1 and you don’t fucking get a first down lmao we are fucking garbage
Chuks is getting mauled out there. Man has to learn how to block.
Man DeCastro just goes nowhere anymore. Just stalemates at best.
Ik you have been doing great defense but we are going to need a Turnover.
"Guys we can't go back to Being toxic again, positivity now!!!"
Hopefully Diontae just needs a little ice and is good to continue
"> so... that 3rd-and-1 play was designed 100% dependent on assuming the MLB would just indiscriminately and completely fall for chasing the WR in motion?????

I hate Fichtner"
oh no.. all our players are being injured again
Fuck... another injury
"Damn Allen, hope your shoulder’s okay man"
LBs cursed
Oh fuccckkkk off announcers. This should be RTP but no mention of h to h on JuJu
allen said nvm i’m fine
So Allen is okay. That's good
Bernard sucks....stuff the fkn run
Gosh if only they still had Burfict. We’d have so many free yards from penalties
if they score here we lose
we are incapable of playing a complete game
Jesus christ butler they literally can't throw the ball and you going full prevent
Fucking embarrassing
We deserve this
Skinny toothy fucker embarassing us
Literally the exact same play as the 3rd down conversion
So much for the comeback
that’s game
Lol getting punked by the bungles effing 3rd string shitty ass quarterback! Have a little pride out there.
Yeah we don’t deserve to win.
Yo highsmith did it ever occur to you that Finley could keep it
"YOU FUCKING IDIOTS, YOU KNEW THAT SHIT WAS GONNA HAPPEN WTF THIS IS ELEMENTARY SHIT. THEY RAN THE ZONE READ EARLIER WTF. stupid fucking idiots"
"Me: *Sighing* ""Fuck."""
"In a way I want whatever it takes to fire Fichtner, to happen."
Making this scrub look like god damn Tom Brady
*overly dependent on turnovers*
wish that buck toothed kid would get cracked. props to him tho
"I get all the finger pointing at the Offense, but this defense has dropped the ball against a third string QB with almost no OL."
It is 2020 and we still can’t cover the read option. Kill me
[deleted]
TANK FOR LAWRENCE
"We went out there and played one quarter...

...That's all this team had in them.

11-5 is still 2 more wins than I predicted. So there's that. Can't be too mad."
It’s bad when our offense is trash but when they score we worry about our defense now since they’re getting shredded by Ryan Finley LMFAO what a joke of a team
Never seen resting shit eating grin face like the gob on this Finley dweeb
Seriously what's with pittsburgh teams letting no name players torch them?
This goes back to that 3rd and 1 and we can’t gain a yard
that was humiliating
Finley the kinda guy that would be smiling after being told his whole family just died
"Is this what having an OC and a slight mobile QB looks like? 
We should probay take some notes"
I thought “muppet night football” was going to be the only joke tonight...
"I’m checking out, this seasons over lol. Good run but it’s time to replace the quarterback in the draft and move on. Fichner can fuck off too"
"Ben is washed, Steelers need to plan on trading up for a young qb in the draft"
"Well that could do it. I don't get this team at all. I'm just completely stumped at this point. Are we good? Are we close? Wtf is this? Defense appears elite, but can't stop the run? That's the weirdest combo ever."
Is there a reason we’re not blitzing the worst quarterback we’ve faced so far?
LOL steelers responsible for “turning the bengals franchise around”
Is that seriously the first two plays they call and after going down by two touchdowns and the fourth quarter?
Announcers sure think this thing is over.
We’re down 2 TDS and we’re running the ball in the 4th. THIS IS THE TIME TO THROW YOU FUCKING MORON COACHING STAFF
Need a quick TD so we just run the ball?????
If we don't score a TD on this drive then it's worry time.
I wonder of it's hard to be motivated.  Already going to the playoffs. And second place doesn't even give you a bye week.
Fitchtner isn’t even reading the play book that’s just an IHOP menu
If this is the super bowl for the Bengals then the Bengals are a sad ass franchise.
"Just give us a TD right here to Claypool, please."
Snell is the only one pushing forward and not running out of bounds.
What am I even watching?
Thank God the Bengals secondary has been watching our WR game film
I hate how much time we are wasting here. We need to score fast.
Lose this game and the browns will win the division 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
How predictable are we gonna continue to be????
Fichtner is sooooo fucking bad
we are so bad
Are we allowed to do that on the goal line
"Wtf, we just ran for a yard??"
I woulda went for 2 but I’m pretty stupid
So now our defense needs an immediate 3 and out...
This team gives me a heart attack every week but this is another level
That PAT was damn close
Pick 6 incoming. U heard it hear first 😅
Need the defensive to hold them to 3 and out so we can drink and dunk our way to overtime
Get one turnover out of this third stringer. Just one.
Turnover time???
D Needs to wake up
Oh thank God the refs threw that PI i coulda easily have seen other refs not calling it
You can expect them to keep the ball on the ground to keep the clock rolling. Finley will try to run too. They know they can get us with that.
"Oh Mama, I've been years on the lam
And had a high price on my head
Lawman said get him dead or alive
Now it's for sure he'll see me dead"
All I want for Christmas is for Finley to throw a pick 6
Fucking d line is getting destroyed
This little shit is getting like 5 extra yards after first contact.
So no timeout???
Ol’ Grinnin’ Finley
Why can’t our offensive line run block like that
"Stop here and there’s a chance, allow the 1st down and that’s virtually it I think"
MINKAH
Huge play
YES!!!!!
Minkah baby.
MINKAH!!!
"Come on, Ben. Redemption drive."
"if we score, please just tie it, no faith going for 2"
[deleted]
ok ben. time to lock it up and tie this shit.
"nothing even close at this point

try for the deep PI"
4-1 let’s throw it to him!
Needed a dime. And a dime was not to be.
Quadruple coverage.
3rd and 10. Bomb it and now you have 4th and 10. Wow
Lol that drive took 30 seconds
I think we’re gonna drop to the 3rd seed now right?
Can't get the Flacco Special every time.
"Nah, we shouldn’t try to actually get a first down with two minutes and time out left, we should try for TD on one play"
Looked like they got to Claypool early
Just an unbelievably stupid decision with plenty of time on the clock. Could’ve done short passes and go out of bounds - nope let’s just yeet the ball into double/triple coverage.
I'm gonna be tired af tomorrow at 5am 😔
How is it this far into the season and you STILL dont know you cant challenge PIS anymore.
Quadruple coverage. 3rd and 10. Last chance to just get to OT against the 2 win bengals. Quadruple coverage. We have a timeout and a two minute warning and we just fart it away. Quadruple coverage.
Tomlin cooking up a 200 iq throw into quintuple coverage for fourth down
Just a downright terrible throw
retire ben.
I can’t even
"welp. ben has a lot he has to answer for this. he definitely cost us this game and i’m not sure where we go from here, but if we keep riding this ship, we are going to fucking drown."
Says alot about this team. See yall next season. These fucks aren't going anywhere.
Hate the play calling on that final series
Lmao wtf is this team
Goodbye everyone. See you all in therapy
"Jesus, the brigading in here"
fuck you randy spinchter
"Figures the refs would nail the door shut, but fuck, it is our fault for being in this position. God this fucking team. Pathetic."
"Setting us up to lose to the browns and lose the afc north, all in 1 night. I hate everything."
How fuckin hollow does Ben’s 60K feel right now.
I've seen too many underthrown deep balls by Ben to believe otherwise than that his arm strength is going south.
Did Claypool fuck Ben's wife?  All he does it catch TDs and he doesn't even get targeted now.
"""making a play"" you mean tackling a man before the ball was there"
Ben needs to retire. No team will have success in the playoffs when ur qb can’t accurately throw a ball 10+ yards
"Rams fan here. I feel your pain, Steelers bros."
"Anyone who says ""take ben out"" just remember that we can't draft Ben's back up because he fucking cries about it"
"(Looks through the thread and sees a bunch of people defending JuJu’s dancing assholery by calling people “boomers”)

Remember when we were a tough and gritty fanbase of a tough and gritty city with a tough and gritty team that said everything it needed to say on the field, during the game? Those were the days."
I don’t give a fuck that JuJu danced. Do better.
Y'all blaming Juju for that? Wtf Ben got him sent to the shadow realm. He throws a 1 yard pass on 3rd and like 7
How are these fucking retard announcers not talking ANYTHING ABOUT THE HELMET TO HELMET
These announcers are so fucked
Finley has more rushing yards then the steelers do
They review it and still not see the helmet to helmet... smh
"""Where's Duck Hodges"" -me, unironically"
How the hell did we go 11-0
"If we go 3 and out again, give me Mason. I'll get downvoted IDGAF something needs to change someone needs to light a fire"
"Ben ain't even letting plays developers hes going to his first progression and chucking it, this team wont win another game playing like this."
Lol and this team is supposed to compete with the Chiefs?
"Yet Ben won't review anything on the tablet. Won't practice throwing the football or talk to anyone. Then he'll come back and throw another pick and do the same thing while acting like a complete dickhead on the sidelines.

Ladies and gentleman, your QB"
Put dobbs in Ben is done for tonight.
The ESPN crew is so bad that they are saying this is because of the Bengals playing so good. Oh lord the muppets were so much smarter...
All I want for christmas is literally a single first down
Most QB’s go straight over to the bench and look over stuff.  Ben just puts his coat and hat on and shakes his head lol
Hey Alejandro... fuck off
Ben has to be hurt right? Even that little dump pass was worthless. Why is he still in this fucking game.
"You’d think this would be the kick in the ass the FO needs to go get a legit QB in the draft, but we know that won’t happen"
My man Samuels seeing ghosts out there. Running fucking out of bounds. Thats how much we don’t wanna play the fucking game and how much we suck. I don’t know how we went 11-0. Its a fucking christmas miracle. Our guys look out of fucking hand. They look like they don’t know what the fuck to do. I’m venting my ass off holy shit. Edit: (Seeing them heading to the lockers makes me wanna cry lmao. They look depressed)
Ben is fucking cooked. His arm seems like it’s shot. Give Rudolph some time out there.
Looks like whatever Tomlin said at half is working
Somewhere some dude dropped Dionte Johnson in fantasy football and is losing his playoff match up with AJ green as a starter. Thank you for your sacrifice
"This is all part of the plan guys. It's a Tomlin test. 

Tell Ben to suck in the first half so the team feels compelled to run the ball and make catches. 

Tell the D to suck in the second half so that the Ben can force us to victory. 

If we can't score 30 we won't win against Mahomes. It's time to learn that against the Bengals."
Anyone who thinks Tomlin is COTY is an idiot
"Steelers WRs: *finally open*

Big Ben: *completely overthrows into a near int*

IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT YOU DONT LIKE STEELERS FOOTBALL"
Still need to move on from Ben. Regardless of the ending here. It's just way too apparent age is catching up
Can’t defense finally force a turnover??? Come on man! Get the ball back
4 on 1.
Into quadruple coverage? Seriously?
"Christ, your D gifts you some time and you just completely waste it.  What a fucking joke."
Playoffs? I just wanna win a game
"Truly thought this season was gonna be something special, now we’ll be lucky to win another game"
"Bunch of hypocrites. Spend all year crying how Ben doesn’t get any credit, comparing his stats to MVP years of other QB’s, now you want him gone. This sub needs to shut the fuck up sometimes."
Finley (the 3rd string) outplaying Ben. Come the fuck on Ben. Retire or fucking figure it out and play.
Did claypool do something to piss Ben off?
Oh my god these announcers suck. Dancing on a logo has nothing to do with it who gives a shit
"Ben is playing not to get hit, not playing to win"
"Can't say you want more Superbowls and then not fucking practice. Plain and simple. 

The dichotomy between Ben and someone like TJ Watt is absolutely insane. Ben has no work ethic and it is fucking showing. I don't care how old he is. Even TB is meticulous about his health and conditioning."
Lol. I muted these fucks in the first quarter. Stop listening to them. Nfl media despises the Steelers
We lost to the fucking bengals. Let that shit sink in
Downvote me all you want; Ben is done. His arm looks like shit
DPI
[deleted]
I have no problem with the dancing and neither did anyone else until we started losing
"Honestly throw mason in there.  If we’re gonna suck, might as well spice it up a bit"
11-0 was a straight fluke.
HOLY FUCK BEN. HE IS TRYING TO KILL SOMEONE
"I'd imagine if the Steelers lose this, you won't be seeing Juju on any logos the rest of this season lol. And not by his choice."
This team is so fucking idiotic for not going after a backup after what happened last season. Fucking tards
I TOLD YALL IT WAS PI
Imagine getting mad at Juju for dancing when him and James Washington are the only reliable hands on our team. What you want him to do? Throw to himself?
2 really bad throws by Ben already.
Blaming Fichtner when Ben has missed on 3 wide open receivers is peak Yinzer
SACK RECORD
Holy shit we need a quarterback desperately
Bengals back up better than Ben
How on earth can someone believe Rudolph will make this better? That is really laughable!!!
JuJu needs to stop dancing on fucking logos.....
"Honestly, how is that not helmet to helmet... And did JuJu really do his stupid dance again!?!?"
Who wants a drink? I'm buying.
Fire Fitchner
ANOTHER SUICIDE PASS ARE YOU JOKING
Wow really? No flag for 3 mfers teeing up on a receiver before the ball was even close? Cool. Cool cool cool.
what in the GD is ben looking at? 2 times claypool is open and he decides to murder a WR.
Please hang it up after this season Ben. We honestly don’t want you back next year
Hey guys in case you forgot we’re 11-2. I sure as hell did.
I personally blame the muppets
"Never thought I'd say this, but Ben needs benched."
"We're about to get our ass handed to us by a 2-10 team. If there is any chance to salvage a shot at the super bowl, a big change has to happen at halftime and I think it's benching Ben."
"Big Ben is slow, fat, and can’t throw anymore"
Rudolph the red zone rain deer should be out here.
"Lol, the lowest IQ team in football"
It is Christmas so maybe it is time for Rudolph
Mason is not the answer. This is a complete cluster fuck on offense. Nothing here is working. Bens not connecting. When he does receivers are dropping. O line can’t keep up right now. Run game isn’t a thing. What do you really thing masons gonna do?
Ben went from a top 5 qb to a game manager who made all the right throws to a bum real quick
Seasons over. The biggest indictment of Tomlin/Colbert is going to be how on earth was a succession plan at QB not ready to go? Going to waste a monstrous defense.
Tomlin is a great motivator but needs balanced out by an X's and O's kind of guy. There aren't any on this staff and it shows. Plenty of other NFL teams scheme around deficiencies much better than the Steelers and have been for years.
"Steelers fans with eyes: Wow we barely beat a depleted Ravens team. This is concerning

Steelers homers: FUCK OFF YOU FAIRWEATHER FAN!!!"
Don't let this distract you from the fact that we fell down 17 points to the Ryan Finley led Bungles. Gotta see a complete half.
Quit your bitching and buckle the fuck up. We’re the Pittsburgh goddam Steelers
I like how now they're all concerned about a player getting hit in the head.
Man this sure feels like one of those games where we end of having a chance but Ben throws an INT off a lineman tip.
Okarafor is fucking garbage.
"if this team getting humiliated on primetime isn't enough to cause some changes then I'm done. all this talent, wasted."
"Quad fucking coverage.  Math tells you someone else had to be open.  

They rushed 4, had 4 in the same place that 3 covering the rest of the field."
"What a stupid ass play. Leave Randy on the tarmac. 

&#x200B;

(I had this post typed out before the play was even run because he's that predictable)"
HOW ABOUT THE O LINE DOES THEIR FUCKING JOB
I want us to get meme’d on so hard. This team is disgustingly terrible right now.
big ben has to practice everyday. that or get benched. you played like a fucking bum
"I cannot wait for Urinating Tree’s video this week, he’s gonna tear into them soooo hard lmao"
Did Ben accidentally Roofy Himself?
"Bengal's max score is 10 on a good day, otherwise their max is 7. Steelers just gotta get more than that and its game over. Steelers should also watch for onside attempts and fake punts/FG's because this is a desperate team."
"I hope we fucking demolish the bungles. 

Steelers ∞ - 0



^(Please offense be good tonight...)"
Let's get out of cincy with a no stress win and no more injuries. Please.
The game plan is simple; get the ball to ~~the Italians~~ Washington.
I hope we win the toss and take the ball. Need to make an offensive statement
this muppet intro is far better than the sunday night song.
Watch me throw it over that mountain
Steelers starting the game with a near-pick. Fucking kill me.
Lmaooo Play Action? How drunk did randy come to the game?
1st down. first heart attack. Steers don't disappoint
GOOD FUCKING LORD.
Welp that's... Something.
"if you dont like that 3 and out, you dont like steelers football"
Good two day week of practice Ben
"Need 10 

Throw 5 yard route .. he wasn’t getting that no matter what"
Oh fuck not again
Be ok
Best case is neck stinger there
Damn. That looks bad.
SHIT
"Our 1st drives being trash every game says a lot about the offensive coaching.  Like, this shit should be rehearsed, and it should work over Cincinnati’s shite defense."
Well we're off to a lovely start this evening.
"Jesus Christ.  That looked bad.  Get up, kid."
Definitely not a great start so far...
The last month has been a fucking trainwreck
"Man fuck playoff wins, I hope we can even field a team by the end of it."
should have been a block in the back there. wtf?
Was Cincy penalized for the block in the back?
Bold prediction: our defense scores more than our offense tonight
TJ
Attaboy TJ
DPOY.
that’s my DPOY
Here we go! Time to bounce back fellas
2 play actions and no runs?
This offense is so fucking horrific
Ugh.......nothing in moderation huh
Time of possession might need to be measured in eye blinks
Rinse and repeat with this offense
50/50 ball needs to be caught 90% of the time for a championship team
Is Ben just unable to throw now??
How are we turning into the same team as last year
Intermediate throws are there just off with the throws
"Im genuinely, sadly, shocked by how bad this team is. I don't know how Ben was so much more accurate earlier in the year but if you put another number and name on him right now you'd think he was brock fuckin osweiler."
3 near interceptions so far
How tf are we going to win a playoff game
Ben is so bad
Let's just keep stacking up sacks.
Can we get mike munchak back some how??
So. 0-0 tie?
Highsmith finally showing up there.
Thank god we have a defense
Alright offense let’s go please for the love of god
surprised they didnt call RTP there
Who can punt the most this qtr?
Okay offense this is your chance. MAKE SOME PLAYS or we all know how this might go...
Jesus christ
Primetime stations were licking their chops to broadcast an offense-less somehow 11-2 team vs a team that has a QB i've never even heard of. Least we got muppets!
2-10-1
Holy shit this offence is a fucking mess
This offense makes me wanna kms
Well at least it's not a 3 and out
Do we deserve playoffs?
Well. That's one way to get Cincy in scoring position
This is embarrassing
What is even going on?
That’s on Ben...
Annnnd now I'm just embarrassed
our defense is going to pass out from exhaustion after the first quarter at this rate
"3 and out? ...pffft, watch this."
They got a full normal week of prep what’s the excuse now
This isn't necessarily making me more confident in this offense
"But hey remember this sub is too negative, we should be more positive about, uh, hmm...."
It’s hard to believe they practice at anything. The offense does nothing well.
The time he’s under center... what ... is ... happening to this offense
Help
We may never run a play under center again.
I know we have the talent and the right pieces... we just gotta find a way to get this machine to click.
This team sucks
Losing 0-3 after the fg
TJ is making that tackle/te his absolute bitch right now
Ben clearly wasn’t ready for that snap. Bail us out D
Haden lifts weights *and* Higgins’
There are a lot of happy feet on defense getting set
"Even if we win tonight, this doesn’t instill confidence that we are as elite as our record indicates."
"it's so sad we can expect games like these because the team is too holed up in sticking with ""our guys"" even when they're objectively failures. why am I at a point where I miss Todd Haley? why has Sean Sarrett been so bad as o-line coach?"
Bad body language coming from Ben this game
"Everyone is gonna blame the OC, when the OC is a clear Ben puppet. This season and the reaction to it has annoyed me so much"
Highsmith looking good so far
Lol he turned his back to the los
finley sounds so bitch “we’re good we’re good”
Glad they only got 3 from that
"Shake it off, we slow started a lot of dominating games. Let’s go!"
Muppet night is right our offense looks like a shitload of Muppets
Let the muppets call offensive plays for us you cowards
At least watching our Defense still gives me pleasure.
They played our Offensive coordinator playing the drums
I went 0-3 online in Mortal Kombat 11 today. I just want one dub today guys.
Muppets are the best thing so far tonight.
This offense is paper
This shit offense + elite defense gives me serious mid-2000s Ravens vibes. Yeah that’s right Ben is Kyle Boller now.
TJ seems to be the only one that gives a damn tonight
You think Animal from the muppets is available for RB?
Thank god for this D
"Not quite the watt dupree celebration, but love seeing the one between watt and Highsmith. Highsmith had the assist on the sack. They will be doing this for at least  the next three years"
Our defense is so good! It's amazing
I guess they're just gonna let the guy covering TJ false start every play.
The defense made more progress towards the Bengals end zone on that drive than the offense did lmao
D cannot keep saving our insipid O
"Dude, imagine loving a chair mat so fucking much that you literally drop what you're doing and buy the chair mat company."
Our defense is as good as our offense is bad
"Cincy the worst team in the NFL,the jets and jags would win by two touchdowns against the bengals"
I think the offense as a whole might have the yips. They are really struggling in a way that’s hard to believe
dink and dunk..yuck
I don't think losing yards is better than incomplete
"im honestly convinced it doesn't matter who's on defense, the fact that we're the steelers EVERYONE tries EXTRA hard against them. Am i stupid for thinking this?"
This is now the worst offense in football. Period.
Its funny how the commentators are trying to convince us Ben throwing longer than 10 yards is a threat to the Bengals.
Why are we taking a time out
"I love Ben but fuck, he can say he needs to play better all he wants in press conferences, but he seems to be bitching out there and not taking responsibility."
Where is Jaylen samuels haven’t seen him in a long time
"Ben's throw look like when my 10 year nephew tells me to ""go long!"""
Hey that wasn't long but love the burst and decisiveness in McFarland!
4 possessions with 0 first downs. dumpster fire.
it's a miracle we're already in the playoffs LMFAO
We suck
Weak FUCKING arm LOLOLOL
Good thing NOBODY had a chance to catch that pathetic excuse for a pass
We might be at a point where we fire fitchner in the middle of this game or we put a different qb in to shake up the offense. Can't be worse than what's currently functioning out there
"10 plays 

9 yards"
This offense is so bad lol
That’s like his 4th almost interception
we don’t look like the best team in the division.
No effort to come back to the ball. I’m souring on DJ.
People are going to say we were bad this entire season and only won because of our schedule. However we aren't playing nearly the same level of football as we were before the two losses. If we played like this all season we would have lost several of our games earlier.
How are these throws consistently at the shins
Running the same defense as the Bills and it’s working again.  I think they can expect to Colts and Browns to do the same
People are going to blame Fichtner. Just watch :)
We are seeing what happens when the defense doesn’t gift the offense the short field.
We called a timeout for THAT?!
Fuck it.  Put Duck in
At least with mason at the helm they had an excuse.
We can't keep putting our D on the field after 3 minutes of rest.
"If you think there’s a single playoff team this team is beating, you are delusional. The most obvious one and done team I’ve ever seen."
Did Diontae seriously just give up on that route?
Three 3 and outs and a turnover? Honestly I just want this season to be over. This offense is disgusting to watch. Literally all they’re good for is tiring out our best defense since 08.
They missed a false start on that one.
TJ watt literary got picked up
Finley making Ben looking pathetic
Time to put mason in
So are they ever going to call this RT for holding or....?
Not a lick of pressure when TJ gets doubled.
I literally cannot imagine a worse offensive start
This guys way better than Ben he can actually throw the ball
Weren’t the Broncos in a similar position in 2015 and benched Manning? Correct me if I’m wrong
I am now welcoming death into my life
it's so weird.. it's like no one on offense has ANY confidence right now
I just wanna order an AFC N. T-shirt tonight 😞
"I know I should be focusing on how much my team sucks, but why's Monday Night Football so bad this year?

Bad angles, terrible cuts, and I'm pretty sure I've seen them fuck up the clock and/or score at least once each game.."
It’s time for this org to grow some balls and tell Ben to take a seat on the bench
I honestly cannot wrap my head around how bad our offense is.  There's nothing and there hasn't been anything for weeks.  It's completely lifeless.
"Guys, look on the bright side:

Ben practiced the deep ball this week. So now he can't hit the deep ball OR any of the other passes."
Bengals game plan is run run run run run deep ball.
"This defense, man. Single handedly keeping this game alive."
I dont think Ben elbow is ok. Its the only thing i can think of how he’s this wildly inconsistent.
At least our defense is having fun
Hilton god
The real question is how many defensive TDs we need to win this game.
Our defense is amazing!!!
Longest first quarter of my life
Questionable FG attempt. Gives us good position
Jeez Hilton timed that beautifully
"We don't have a fucking running game, and the passing game is suffering as a result."
That’s damn near 6 the other way
My qb stinks man 😕
Wonder what excuses we'll hear from Tomlin and Ben post game this time?
there should have been 4 picks by Cincy already
"Hey, Ben. Can you fucking practice for once in your miserable fat fuck life?"
Ben looks awful so far.
We have to put Rudolph in
We're getting manhandled.
Claypool so open on that 3rd down holy shit
Claypool wide
We need to draft a qb at this point. I've said it before but it seems more urgent now
Ben is fucking garbage
bro what the fuck?
Mother of god
this is embarrassing
That should be a fumble.
Honestly I wanna bench Ben
Bell hit juju with helmetho
Helmet to helmet?
The offense is getting worse. Tomlin needs to figure this shit out now.
I'm not confident about the playoffs. Which sucks because the first half of the season had me genuinely believing we were super bowl capable this year. I just don't know anymore.
"This is just plain fucking painful to watch, holy shit!"
Lol can’t throw more than 10 yards
"No team respects Ben because it’s the same fucking plays. Either throw the ball down field and take the hits, play under center, or make the switch to Mason."
Ben literally can’t move in the pocket and everyone knows it. The play calling is also atrocious. Nice route on 3rd and long
Where is Duck when you need him
We might as well put Rudolph our there
Finchter has to go.
Hey guys remember we are a playoff team! /s
"Ben looks awful, I'm not so sure he does give us the best chance to win."
So like 3rd? 4th? game teams completely sitting on these 3-5 yard routes and our solution seems to be a bomb first play of game and then just go back to ineffective dink n dunk. Got it.
We can’t survive with this offense what’s the point of even throwing that to the line of scrimmage
Every good AFC team other than the Colts play outside. Not sure Ben can throw it outside it the cold.
Ryan finely would’ve thrown to clay pool
How is that not helmet to helmet
this is gonna be a fumble. i can feel it
Bench Ben please
Ben is playing so bad and scared .
3rd and out on 17 of last 30 possessions (56%). How can you expect to win in the playoffs with this shit
Helmet to helmet and no targeting called...BS of the highest order
Boy our offense sucks. Not even an overreaction when we’re struggling to get a first down against the fucking Bengals.
Sometimes you can't throw it in 0.0000001 seconds every fucking play. Gonna get our receivers killed doing that shit
I picked a terrible te to quit smoking....
"Their ball, fuck this offense"
No 15 yard penalty is an embarrassment to the nfl
Leading with the helmet anyone?
"I'm not sure how some of you expect Juju to hold onto that ball, that was a HUGE hit"
Man wtf is happening to this team
"This is probably the worst offense on a team with a winning record in the league

and that has nothing to do with the fumble it has to do with the play calling and Ben being garbage"
Two fucking fumbles in the first quarter.
I hear very faint quacking
Defense does not deserve this
Why is Ben playing like a really bad version of the bad version of Tommy Maddox
Honestly I don’t even think that’s JuJus fault. Is Ben trying to get his receivers killed?
"Jesse James: No Catch

Ju Ju: Catch"
"See guys we finally caught the ball!

We lost it... but we still caught it!"
Teams don’t respect Ben’s deep ball and he’s proving them right.
"There’s no swagger on the offense. Everyone just looks disinterested or just there

Show some fucking passion or anger or something. Light a fire under your offense’s ass Ben"
That was on Ben.
"Thank god it's the Bengals tho

they suck as well lol"
[deleted]
"well, with this field position at least our defense won’t be as tired for the next 3 and out"
Is it possible to give up a playoff spot for a draft pick at this point?
Gonna be a long fucking night
Ryan Finley has more rushing yards than the Steelers offense has total yards.
Hard to watch
Worst quarter all season by far
Fell asleep what did I miss
"I am at the point of not even wanting to watch this shit. I hope we lose out, fire Randy, and get a backup QB to light Ben's ass on fire. He knows we're not putting in Rudolph over him."
Ben better come out after the half throwing HEAT. And our receivers better act like they got hands
Ben talking about lack of toughness after making veiled threats to retire at the first signs of adversity. Gotta love it.
Steelers throwing to play the bills
"Wow, we suck. We’re looking like pretenders not contenders"
RIP Kevin Greene. Damn good player.
RIP legend. One of my favorite old school Steelers.
RIP Kevin
WTF are we doing. Right now we don't belong in the playoffs.
"Offense is anemic. Defense is presumably exhausted and playing with a multitude of injuries. As always, refs not helping us out. The sad tale of the last few weeks"
I feel bad for our D.
"It’s almost like if you wait more than .2 seconds to throw a ball, you can complete a pass"
Ryan Finley is outplaying Ben. Wtf is going on today?
"can we get a new qb, o-line, and oc for christmas?"
This is so sad its hilarious
wow.. so that's what its like to get first downs
Finley better start sliding or he’s gonna get fucked up
I mean this isn't new. This has been going on since the 1st Ravens game. The Steelers had 41 1st half yards in that game.
Ryan Finley is the offensive MVP of this game somehow.
This is embarrassing
Who is responsible for Finley on read option?
Fucking embarrassing.........
"Darkness, imprisoning me!"
"The standard is the standard, or something like that."
Not surprised
Embarrassing
I'm pulling what little hair on my head out
Guys I need to get drunk faster so I don't feel the pain that brings me this game.
I am kind of to the point of not wanting to watch the rest of the game.
"Yo if we can't beat the fucking bungals, we don't deserve to be in the playoffs. Seriously, wtf is up with Ben tonight."
Ben is mad
Hate to say it. 10 points seems absolutely insurmountable
Oy vey
The defense is still good....but the offense just died. It’s almost like the fire Ben had is just “meh”.
"Come on, it’s the Bengals! They don’t even have Joe Burrow. We can at LEAST finish 12-4 right? 🤡🤡🤡"
I seriously don’t understand how this team could change this much. Absolutely pathetic the past few weeks
I just turned the game on.  So juju did his dance and lost the fumble?
"0 first downs. Even bad NFL teams, such as the Bengals, typically do better than that."
"Well, I'll be the one fan who still has hope. Loooot of football left to play."
"Yeah if we lose this one it's time guys, Ben is not the guy he used to be. He's better than Rudolph but we will waste the window the defense will give us as long as we keep Fichtner and let Ben dictate how we run the offense."
"Idk who the person was last week who chided me
when I said that we look uninspired, but I’m watching them and again...just uninspired. From the first play of the game it didn’t feel like they were out there to win, it felt like they were out there to avoid losing. Idk I hope they find it but I certainly feel uninspired..."
When you realize that the jets and bungles are playing better than your 11-2 division leading playoff bound team...where is the fucking whiskey...just drown me.
Ben has 7 near interceptions out of his 10 pass attempts.
Hey look a running play
6 yard run feels like 20 with this team.
go for it unironically
"Nice vision, Benny"
"Go for it, pussies."
THIS STUPID FUCKING RUN UP THE GUT IS WHY THEY DON'T FEAR OUR RUNNING GAME.
Dude Snell had a lane and just ran right into a defender lmao what in the fuck was that
"Get the fuck out of here, bitch ass offensive line."
I honestly might turn this off.
End me now.
Softest O-line in NFL
OMG WE CONVERTED LETS GOOGOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A FIRST DOWN??? We’ve won the super bowl guys pack up the bags
Lmfao we have to fullback dive as if we’re on the goal line.
That’s a first down!!!!!!!!  We got one!!!!
These announcers can go suck pp
Throw to triple coverage? Really? Ben is being completely irresponsible right now.
How the FUCK is that not pass interference?
"also oh my god when making a 4th and 1 feels like getting a touchdown, holy shit"
Fuck the bengals. Dirty hits left and right.
So I guess today you can just launch headfirst into WRs.
BEN JUST FUCK OFF
we’re so fucking predictable
Someone needs to send a yinzer momma down there to light their asses up. Put the fear of god in them
Ben telegraphs every pass
So they're going to let their secondary get away with everything tonight.
Ben just laying his receivers out to dry this game
Benjamin what the actual fuck man.
Those 3 spots on those runs were bad by the refs wtf. I mean they still got it in the end but still.
Maybe if we send the jets a really nice Christmas gift they will give us darnold?
I see this is Ben’s method of discipline
I’m starting to think....is Ben a real life Paul crewe?
"Meanwhile the actual point of the play, which is Claypool getting open deep down the middle, actually worked. But Ben throws into triple coverage. His vision has been awful so far this game."
It is simple. Ben doesn't want to get hit. You can't play the game like that and be successful.
Ben got drunk before the game
CLAY. POOL. NOW.
Alright. This is just horse shit.
"Mahomes is good and all, but he puts ketchup on steak. That's unforgivable."
"Watching #7 for the last 15 years has been an absolute pleasure and a privilege. One of the best ever. 

But it’s over. And if he doesn’t realize it, the team needs to sit him down and come to Jesus. Don’t come back and eat up half the cap for another season of this."
"Remember when watching ben play was exciting and fun?
https://youtu.be/ZF3ABq6o4fU"
Benny Snell maybe finally realizes he can replace Conner.
FUCK YES BENNY
"Tomlin: Bengals are tackling hard. Don't throw get your guys killed

Ben: Ok

Also Ben: *lofts a ball into triple coverage to Ebron*"
OMG A 2 YARD PASS WE ARE SAVED
Diontae caught a ball.
I hate these commentators
🚨🚨 Diontae Johnson caught a ball  🚨🚨
DJ CAUGHT A BALL WHAT A FUCKIN MIRACLE
Offense is predicted
This play calling is an embarrassment
why is there never any blocking on the side Claypool runs to? it's like Randy wants the play to fail.
Going backwards again. This team is so bad right now.
Ben is shit
Put Mason in. I’m deadly serious.
Ben is done. This is the worst he's ever looked.
Bench him
"Okay that was funny guys, you gotta admit. Who was he throwing too lmao"
🦆 better than mason
They’re laughing at us.
There’s no way Ben gets benched right?
Season is over.
ben is fucking garbage
Ben would actually be superman if he took off the cape. Save the city of Pittsburgh Ben. Hung it up please.
This is becoming hilarious.
Jesus Christ bench Ben at this point.
"So, next time we go 11-5, can we start 0-5 and then rattle off 11 wins to finish strong instead of this?"
It’s like Ben is drunk or something. He’s just awful tonight.
This whole tram is one big embarrassment. Ben is done.
BENCH HIM
Ben is playing like a shell of himself today
We gotta try something different. Ben has to sit. The fucking Bengals?
Ben needs to sit down
So when during this game does Ben retire?
"welp, its been nice ladies and gents. but i give up"
This team has lost their heads
Hope we lose by 50. No one is showing they want to even try to  play at this moment.
I'm going to need Ben to take a piss test after this one.
"Well, guess I’m going to bed early. You know...if they’re going to bench DJ for dropped passes...they need to bench Ben for horrible decisions."
Terrible throw by Ben. That route tree was also absolute trash. 3 receivers within 8 yards? Fuck you Randy
THIS BENGALS TEAM IS 2-10-1 LMAOOOOO
BENCH BEN NOW
Where the fuck is the fight in this team? Does no one fucking care? Holy fuck...
"Ben can’t be QB next year, this entire offense is built around protecting him and it clearly isn’t working now that there is almost a full season of tape. Unless the oline is going to completely turn it around and allow for more than .5 seconds of protection Ben won’t be successful."
Im usually against comments like this... but maybe bench him right now at least to rest
he’s thrown into TRIPLE COVERAGE three times already
Ben is a fucking joke right now
Can we retire our playoff spot? I don’t wanna get embarrassed by the dolphins or Ravens
Ben sucks.
"Mason, warm up"
Fuck
Honestly just give the Browns this division
There’s still a lot of game left to play but this is becoming so hard to watch
Forfeiting the rest of the season and playoffs would be less embarrassing
The Jets would kick our ass tonight.
Complete freefall collapse
BENCH BEN
Fuck it out Jordan Dangerfield at QB. Only dude working hard
This team is fucked in the playoffs. It’s going to be a complete disaster.
14.5 point favorites. Down by 17. This team has huge problems and they’ve done absolutely nothing to solve them.
Implosion
So this is it huh
Put Rooney at QB for all I care. I don’t want to see Ben for the rest of the night.
Do we even deserve to make the playoffs?
If Randy and Ben are still here next year I'm joining Tomlin out lol.
It’s that JuJu Curse.
Tough for the defense to stop them when they have to keep coming out to our 30 every 5 minutes lol
Put mason in
We need qb play that can not throw into obvious triple coverage and let our defense get some rest.
The plan is to lose out and then win the super bowl duhhhh /s
Give ben more days off this week. Practice doesnt matter i guess
"Oh yeah, the D has already said, ""I'm done.  Offense you got us in this mess, time for you to dig us out."""
Keep your head down Ben! Shameful.
"God I was so encouraged by Ben’s return and thought damn this dude really did the impossible at his age.

If this is the end it’s a crushing way to see it happen."
Go Steelers!
Welp the offense is currently beating our defense 17-0 and I don’t think they’ll be bailed out of this one
I'm going to go get some beer while you guys figure out how to fix this fucking mess
The Defense is finally gassed from trying to cover from this JV offense. It feels like our season is over. Losers of five straight heading into the playoffs likely to be bounced in WC game.
The D is so gassed. Ben sucks balls.
Has an 11 win team ever been this bad?
"man idk what to think. haven’t seen a steelers team implode like this in forever. ben looks like shit, but the play calling is ass as usual"
Is it too late to tank for Lawrence?
No chance we can make up a 17 point deficit
We actually just lost the division after starting 11-0
Ben needs to find that porn stash again
">The Steelers' last ""bona fide"" inside linebacker is now hurt. Avery Williamson is being helped off. He and Marcus Allen are all that's left at the position."
I’m honestly perplexed at what’s going on. The offense is literally self sabotaging itself. I can’t understand it for the life of me. Ben literally looks like he’s trying to throw the game. I’m not jumping off em at all but something isn’t right. Something is very very wrong with this team now.
"-2 fucking yards. Ben needs to drop back, get hit to wake the fuck up and play"
Am I alive?? What universe am I living in? What the FUCK IS HAPPENING?
Baker would be making those passes
they realize we clinch the division if we win this game right? play like you want that fucking spot. this is sad. i was hoping for high energy to lock that spot but here we are.
My neighbors are ravens fans how am I supposed to face them tomorrow
"""You'd think the planets would have to be aligned""

Clever"
"We're literally just gonna get stupid ass one-liners and excuses after the game too, no real calling out or anything."
[deleted]
Is it sad I think we can’t come back from this because Ben and the offense have been so predictably horrible? I hate that I feel this way.
Could i interest you guys in Sam Darnold? For a 2nd rd pick he could be yours
"**Guys we have to get it together, this is ridiculous...**"
It’s obvious the short passing game is a result of Ben having issues throwing the ball down field.  His accuracy on the deep ball is just dismal this year.
"Well, we’re not winning this one. Can’t believe we’re 11-2"
"If we play like this the rest of the game, I think the jets would blow us out"
I’m ready for this 3 and out.
Is this how it has felt to be a Jets fan this year?
How is this offense worse from last year gimme duck and Washington back please What happened to Benny snell
Ben looks like Brady in that Saints/Bucs game where they got ass blasted 38-3. Brady looked AWFUL then. Kinda comparable to Ben now.
Shocked the o line men got so far downfield. Usually they don’t get past the line of scrimmage.
Wow I need 3 total points from ben to win the first round of playoffs in fantasy. Sitting at -4 right now
Idk why I get so emotionally attached to this team. Probably not a healthy thing
Munchak leaving was the worst thing to ever happen to us.
Wow people coming from teams subs who aren't even playing to hate. Grow up.
"The Bengals will never change, always trying to kill themselves"
This is incredible.
we are so ass
Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
Give me Mason
If Ben can’t push the fucking ball down the field bench him. Seriously this is fucking ugly
Can we let the defense play offense? What can go wrong?
Why does ben feel so rushed??.????
That dude owns JuJu
Ugh. I have to show up at work tomorrow....
This is a nightmare
I'm thinking Fichtner dials up some wildcat in second half. Some pure desperation.
Wondering if Mason can do anything to turn this around....ugh
The defense has been sitting on short wrs routes all night?! ... Sup with the adjustments and play calling?!
This stinks
I can’t believe I actually want Mason Rudolph to come in
1 word: unacceptable
Anybody else just really really want to punch these announcers in the face?
"""pittsburgh has 2 timeouts"" ya too bad we have no offense pal"
"If we don’t score now, I might have to turn this off for my mental health."
"Juju dancing on logos isn't a big deal, and there are many reasons why the Steelers are losing this game... BUT, the defense is fired up. Is it because of the logo antics? Who knows. But they're out there trash talking him, taunting him, etc. It's hard not to think it's giving them extra fire. 

But its' the Bengals. We should win regardless of that. So it's weird."
i really just want to get out of this half.
[deleted]
Ahhh so it CAN get worse!!!!!
dissatisfied and disappointed 🥲
Hausenher can't block
when you think it can't get any worse
Give me rudolph or give me a shutout (probably)
All I can do is laugh. This is fucking ridiculous.
Can somebody go start coughing in the locker room at half time so we have to forfeit
Is Ben fucking stoned?
Samuels you dumb fuck
Why did he run out of bounds
Wait why did he run out of bounds....
Fucking pathetic give me 1:45 mins of my life back
Half time adjustments? Never heard of her.
What is happening guys. I just don’t understand
so what do you think tomlin will do? bench ben or just ride it out to an embarrassing loss?
roast me daddy booger lol
Getting ready for some of those famous Tomlin sayings
This should have been a layup.
We really went from a top ten offense to a bottom two offense in less than a season
Y’all saying bench Ben should also be saying fire the GM. Who has he acquired to replace Ben? The injury should’ve been a huge sign we need a replacement. Sure the minkah pickup was good and he can get good WRs but none of that means squat if we have no future at QB.
"Ben has lost steps, but he's not as bad as his first half.   There's still a chance he'll come out in the second and play decently which could still be enough with our defense.

He could also keep this up."
"Steelers December football, baby"
You know it’s bad when you find yourself thinking “maybe they should bring out Rudolph...” wtf??
Gonna take a lot of fireworks to clean up this mess.
At least our future QB is Mas- oh I guess we're fucked
We have more turnovers than first downs. I had to refresh my browser to make sure that was right.
Solid 2.7 yards per completion.
We are playing frustrated this is the bengals super bowl.
Do you think Chase offers to film Juju tiktoks or does he have to ask
Shades of Mannings corpse out there
Got lucky there. Need to get a touchdown.
Guys Mason isn’t in
Mason Rudolph redemption arc poggers
Why are people saying Mason is in?
Ben is off today. He is playing like a scared little undrafted QB
THIS IS IT
AHHH there we go!
Good things generally happen when you put the ball in Mapletron’s hands
GUYS THE CHIEFS ARE NOTHING TO US
Hey the offense did something
That was a beautiful throw. Where has that been???
MAPLE TRON
How in the fuck do they just do that after looking like garbage
I think I'm even more pissed now
COME ON BOYS
Now that’s a throw.
LETS FUCKING GO ARE YOU KIDDING ME WERE BACK
IM SUPPOSED TO BE UPSET HERE DAMMIT
The fuck
OH FUCK THEY MADE HIM ANGRY
where the fuck was this level of play earlier
That’s the way!! Get chase the ball more often!
LONG JOHNSON FOR THE WIN
Don't know if that was an aberration or if we are back on track.
Better late than never I guess
Ben is back let’s go baby
Outta nowhere.
"Well, no chance of Ben being benched now..."
Let’s fucking go
We riding now mfers.
"It's happening folks, it's happening!"
Ben is so good 😬
Wow....that was a DIME
"There is hope. Stupid, stubborn, unreasonable hope."
The duality of Ben
"Im not gonna ""settle down"" until we win this damn game"
"A TIME OF JOY THIS IS INDEED LEGO YODA, OUR OFFENSE HAS LIFE"
DO NOT GO GENTLE INTO THAT GOOD NIGHT
Holy hell. Okay. Now the D needs to get us the ball back and we do it again.
This is the way... to give me hope...
DJ BROUGHT HIS HANDS TODAY!
That was surprisingly quick
That’s a spark.  Now we need a turnover
ABOUT FUCKING TIME! Goddamn.
Okay. Now we need to wake up further
The energy just went right out of the Bengals. See their faces after that throw?
Here's hoping the Bungles blew their load in the first half. Let's go boys.
I moved my 70s ERA terrible towel to a more lucky spot.  We’re OK from here boys!
GOONIES NEVER SAY DIE
I stopped watching and we score. Good night folks I’ll cya next year
TURNING POINT
Did anyone else find Statler and Waldorf totally appropriate at halftime? I mean if ever a game called for them it was this one
Confused why everyone said about Mason being in at the beginning of that drive?
[deleted]
I officially don’t understand this team
TJ man
"Lmao that ""block"" on TJ"
TJ Watt makes me feel...things...
TJ deserves DPOY and this team is gonna fuck it all up for him 🙄🙄
That was a fantastic defensive play from Sutton
3 AND OUT! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
"HAVE A SAMPLE OF THAT, NERD"
"Decided to tune in to the game because I like making myself miserable I guess and BOOM we score. Can't turn the game off now. Don't worry guys, I got this."
I know he made the tackle but Fitzpatrick needs to wrap up
Sutton you fucking STUD
CAM SUTTON I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Keep screaming!! Yes!!! RAWR!!!!!!!!! GET AMPED!!
Noice
"Since Sutton didn't turn around, I was worried that they'd throw a flag even though he didn't make contact early."
"Here's the test, I wanted the offense to wake up for this game, but even just waking up for the 2nd half will make me feel so much better."
Tomlin probably put something in the cooler at half
I really hope they don't throw the season away because I want Tomlin to get the coach of the year award
EVERY FUCKING TIME WITH THE USELESS JUKE!
"Fucking offense woke up, wtf did Tomlin tell them at HT?"
BENNY SNELL
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALLL
What the fuck is going on?
Please get Juju involved I don’t want to see more slander
This team is jacked up. Must have talked to Bam Morris' drug dealer!
I thought they might jinx Boz with the stats there
Those Boswell stats omg
Three points. I'll take it. Get TJ and the D back on the field.
Defense needs a turnover.  Feels like it’s been forever.
LETS FUCKING GO
Make it 31 for 31
Offensive momentum keep it going and just don’t turn it over. Surely the defense can continue to dominate so long as they don’t get put in a bad spot due to turnovers.
TJ watt sack incoming
DJ learned a lesson
"Very good drive we just need to finish in the red zone.  I’ll take the 3 though, let’s get a stop and take the lead."
Shall I summon my Minkah jersey
Don’t blink boys. Don’t blink.
Time for a good run back from Ray Ray
The Steelers are looking like their undefeated form
Ben walking like Lamar but I think it's because Tomlin's boot is halfway up his ass.
What the FUCK did Tomlin say to them at halftime?
Nah he’s fine boys we good we good
lol we cannot catch a break on injuries
That's bad bad
Non contact no one around injuries are always awful
Dude Decastro is playing like a fucking ghost
"Plenty of time left. Good play by the defense. Punt, well rested defense should be able to hold"
No audible from Ben=Loss of yardage. Fichtner is literally incapable of calling a play to convert a third down
Okarafor is fucking terrible
Could have drove a truck through the hole to the left
Benny Snell is nowhere close to being a 3rd down back..
Come on Steelers! Don't make me consider going back to bed. This shit is nuts.
"I think the announcer can tone down his excitement some. A little over the top, buddy."
I really wish we could pick up a fucking yard
Benny sees grass and starts moving his legs. No thought process behind it. Just straight gas pedal
"Vance just absolutely whiffed on that block, not really snell’s fault there"
"**FUCKING STUPID JETS, WE'RE FUCKED FOR A FUCKING DECADE NOW, DUMB FUCKS!!!**"
They can NOT give up a drive here.
How many injuries is that this game
 What a lucky fucking play
"Not again, you can't blame the defense, but if you're an elite unit you can turn it on in the 4th quarter. This is a MUST STOP situation."
That’s a dislocated shoulder or clavicls injury if I’ve ever seen one
We have no more LBs
Ouch.  Dislocated
dislocated
Damn he wants to play....what a dog
He was running. He is no longer protected once he's running. Not a foul
Ryan Finley looks like Fireman Bill.
My lord can the injury bug just leave us.
Stack the box. They are only gonna run.
Are we really gonna lose the damn division to the mistake by the lake?
Nice to see Allen back out there
Offense in sideline looking a lot more positive.
we cannot stop the elite bungals offense!
Defense turned to poop. Cool.
Absolute clowns
Game over
This drive is a back breaker
Steelers and giving up a key 3rd down. Name a better duo
Great Finlay is now lamar jackson
Stop the run? They’re not going to throw.
"Offense finally looks alive.

Defense:"
Utterly embarrassing
that one hurts
Yeah no discipline there lol he’s kept nearly every zone option
Well that was fucking embarrassing
Watt is good... Then what?
Lmao the Steelers are making Findley look like Kyler
Cringe
Is there any accountability for this team/staff?
"Loss to WFT, barely beat a ravens team that was literally playing all backups, loss to the bills, and about to lose to the bengals lol. Rip whatever playoff game we get."
Rookie olb did rookie things
LOLOLOL what  the fuck
Dupree would've killed the RB and QB on that play.
The defense is so confusing. They look great most of the time then every 3rd or 4th drive they just get the ball shoved down their throat for an 80 yard drive or something
Man imagine if we had Bush and Dupree still this defense
If we don't get a TD on this drive then you can kiss this game goodbye.
Levy is fucking annoying
Damn wears Marvin Lewis when ya need him
We're losing by 14 to some Napoleon Dynamite looking motherfucker at QB
"This game is still winnable, but if cincy scores again its over"
Down by 14 - run twice. Fucking genius.
Everyone who called the Steelers a fraud were so damn right
"I think we are just so hurt, that last drive just proved it."
Down two scores with 11 minutes left and they’re trying to establish the run lol
I find the big brother little brother comparison kind of disrespectful. Its more like an abusive stepdad type of relationship.
"this is so sad, benny and the defense have done everything they fucking can but these playcalls on both ends have buried us yet again. our coordinators are this teams biggest weakness."
Did this dumb fuck just talk about Bengals being hurt by injuries...?
"To all the people defending the defense, it is okay to blame them as well. The D can be expected to limit points off turnovers. While the D is good, they make mistakes too and can be picked on. 

They are hurt, but aren't without fault."
Down 14 points a few minuts left run run
Juju must have had his bell rocked if he's running out of bounds avoiding contact.
"Down two scores with tens minutes left, time to practice the running game"
Holy fuck is that a sign from God
Ben should have like 5 interceptions already
Ben: “Imma give Cinci the ball one sec”
"William Jackson, a steeler at heart"
"What.

The.

Fuck.

Was.

That."
Correct me if I’m wrong but... isn’t the defense supposed to *not* be tackling offense until they catch the ball?
What the fuck hahahahahaha
4th dropped pick jfc
Lol. Ben is trying HARD to lose this game. That's like the 4th dropped interception by CIN tonight.
Gotta score here
Is our team aware we’re down by TWO scores?
"hurry the fuck up, o."
We don’t have time for dink and dunk
Nobody fking cares about career yards. Let's go tonight.
they are way too slow rn
3rd and 1. Here comes a delayed run up the gut.
Had juju wide open
Why in the world are we letting so much time run off the clock
Randy sphincter is so fucking bad
get in the endzone quick
That’s what I’m talking bout. Let’s get a stop and put this shit to OT and to bed.
This game is uh...something
"Alright D, game rests on you here."
Gotten bailed out so many times this game. Multiple dropped ints by Cinci and penalties going our way at the right time.
Lol I’m sure nfl thread loved that call
Someone tell Highsmith to keep outside contain now
If we let Kyler Murray's white cousin run it again...
Alexa play renegade
Defense has no excuse here. They had rest.
This gonna be a long 3:50
Offense may have been ass for most of this game but the defense hasn’t been much better
How are they even getting positive yardage on these runs. It’s so obvious what they’re doing
When do we take timeouts
Based Minkah
Great tackle
MINKAH
Minkah wasn’t letting them doing that again
"Thank you Minkah. Don’t squander it, Fichtner and Ben."
"He hasn't been great, but I do love me some 2 minute Ben"
First defensive play of the game. Lmao.
Good stuff minkah
"That's right, fuck you and your smirk"
Ryan Finley looks like Gary Busey.
2 minute drills start with a first down not a shot play
"Ah, back to first half Ben"
good game
"If they get a first down it's over, fucking just go for it."
Where were the other receivers at on the field on that last play????
Double covered that turned into quadruple wtf
"Shit... It was actually on target.


Just made a defensive play"
We should've Rab the ball there and used the two minute warning to our advantage
just get us 10 fucking yds
Absolute fiasco
Terrible throw. Absolute shit.
"Game ends on a bad throw, seems appropriate."
Heads need to roll
Jesus wtf was that Ben? Dude is washed
"Anybody with a brain knew Claypool was going to be the defense’s focus there, you’re telling me no one else can catch a long ball?"
"Guys, Ben doesn't have it anymore"
Got dominated in the trenches. Ben played piss poor.
This is our low for the season.
Browns will win the division
Not a single first down on that last drive. What a joke.
We just lost to Ryan Finnely. I honestly don’t know what to say.
Idk who is more washed up Big Ben or Big Al
Trask Train at full steam
I'm curious. Is Tomlin embarrassed?
We are who they thought we were.
[Insert Bengals trap game joke here.]
This team is such a fraud oh my gosh
Well that was fun
Is it too late to tank for Trevor?
Guys... This one is going to be tough to win now
"The way the Steelers have played since the cowboys game, this loss is not a total surprise."
Shouldve known when they had the muppets on the broadcast that this would be a mf clown show
So is it that Ben can't throw or is it that he was getting pressured hard all night?
We are the laughing stock of the league
"Jesus, they cannot let go of Juju dancing. It’s all they can come up with."
RUDOLPH PLEASE LEAD THIS SLEIGH TONIGHT
Ficthner needs to be fired by the end of halftime
"The Steelers have sucked and didn’t deserve to win, but... the officiating has been bad. A lot of missed calls."
The commentators say juju deserves an illegal hit for dancing on the logo lol what a joke
Lucky we didn’t get a PI on that...I’ve seen it called so many times when the defender doesn’t look back...the momentum rolls on!
These espn announcers are BUMS dear god.
All three of them on ben
this is just a great omen of how things have been going for us lately. prayers to d watt.
"This is bad. Chase claypool is inexplicably benched, the play calling is vanilla as fuck and we don’t have a run game. I feel bad for our defense."
Ben is showing why the front office needs to get shit going in the offseason with replacing him
5 minutes in and we're onto the 5th possession of the game. Amazing.
We need fichtner gone before the playoffs. Period. Consistently slow starts and terrible play calling. If our defense is on the field 70% of the game against an offense that’s worth a shit it doesn’t matter how good they are.
Fire fichtner at halftime
Watt is the entire team. Like we have nothing going for us right now
We need to run the ball. Period. Ben and the receivers are trying too hard.
Yo i’m not coming to troll or anything i like y’all team but what’s going on with the offense?
Tomlin better change the fucking locks to the doors if Ben is coming back next year.
[deleted]
I'm starting to think we were the worst 11-0 team in history.
Lowers his head and hits juju in the face mask lmfao and these fucking idiot commentators won't say anything about it
Is that not a 15 yard helmet to helmet?
No helmet to helmet?
So leading with a helmet creates a fumble and it gets over ruled?
"Why is no one talking about how this is a helmet to helmet hit?  I can understand it not being flagged because it happened so quickly, but they are just completely ignoring it."
Not a single mention of the helmet to helmet? My lord
"I try to stay positive and avoid the toxic people here, but man...that was a horrible quarter of football."
I know y’all gonna blame juju for that but 1: that’s a suicide pass by Ben. And 2: that’s a nasty fucking helmet to chin hit that should’ve been flagged. He should stop dancing on logos... yes but that’s not on him.
"If we were playing anyone with a half decent D, we'd be down 28-0 on pick-6s right now"
"No more dancing, no more bullshit play calls, no more its gonna turn around.

This offense needs to get its shit together. These points are not on the defense. 10 points directly related to the offensive turnovers. 

Pick it the fuck up already"
Bench him for fucks sake he's not only fucking this offense he's killing his receivers
At this rate I’ll be offended if Ben doesn’t retire
Why does he have the decision making of a rookie in his second start?
Absolute fucking frauds this team
Google: How to relinquish a playoff spot
"As a Rams fan, I feel your guys pain."
"If we lose this game the Browns will actually be favored to win the division, how insane is that?"
Zac Taylor looks like Mike Pence’s son who was sent to conversion therapy and is psychologically scarred by it.
With the Colts and Browns coming up what are the chances we finish 11-5?
"Ben just refuses to throw deep, wtf"
"So I know we came back against the Jags like this, but I genuinely cannot see us pulling off a win tonight. This is just pathetic in every sense of the word."
Maybe Ben will bench himself...
"This second half is pretty much the season. If they can come back from a 0-17 deficit, they're proving that they have what it takes to win. If they just get blown out and lose this game, that's it. That team will never beat Kansas City."
I'm confused. Is Pittsburgh supposed to be tanking for a better draft spot?
"So let me get this straight.

Big Ben had issues with Todd Haley taking over the offense despite having the best offense in the league. However, since Ben didn't like him, he had to go.

So he goes and Ben forces the franchise to make Fichtner the OC despite being way under qualified and way over his head. Ficthner does nothing but acquiesce to Ben's every demand including running every play from shotgun.

This jas resulted in the te having no run game whatsoever just to ease Ben into an offense he wants to run. Then he gets exactly what he wants , on a max contract, with 19 yards in a half while we are set to lose se serious defensive talent in the offseason.

**What the fuck!?**"
Guys even if we win this we’re going to get absolutely chewed out on social media
"Hey Mike. You notice how the Bengals are now attacking the inside with the run, likely due to our depleted inside linebacker corp? Now I know this is gonna sound crazy to you, but this is called an “adjustment.” You see, coaching does not have to be static. You do not have to stick to the same plan from start to finish. Many coaches take note of what is working, what isn’t, and what happens in the game and modifies their game plan to fit these changing circumstances. Fucking insane, right? You and your staff should really just keep an open mind and try it though."
This D just gave up 24 to Carl Edwards Jr. Crazy.
"Ryan Findley dropped more point on this defense than Josh Allen did. 

And people have the *nerve* to make threads on here about how we can beat Kansas City. 

Absolute JOKE."
MAKING RYAN FINLEY LOOK LIKE LAMAR LMAOOO
They sure are taking their sweet ass time down two possessions in the fourth quarter
"Love the TD, but it means nothing if our defense can't make a stop. We need to get a quick 3 and out."
Alright now just knock Finley’s fucking teeth out of his head on this drive please
"Mike Tomlin thinking if we have a quick three and out maybe we can save the two minute warning to stop the clock during Cincy’s next drive. Really coaching on another level, but that last throw just had too much airtime for it to work."
Guys. I don't think Ben can get us to the divisional round
so he was halfdragged down before the ball was there and no flag?
"When they were 11-0, I heard somebody say they were the worst 11-0 team of all-time. Seems about right."
You know it's bad when the announcers said we got jobbed
"Chase got held, up flag. No surprise."
Gotta get an offensive line if they want any sort of push in the future. Crazy how bad it’s gotten since Munchak left.
This has been very unenjoyable. See y’all next week.
This loss is on Ben
"if ben doesn’t show up to all the practices here on out, he should forfeit being a guaranteed starter."
Each week gets even worse than the last. We don't seem to care.
Steelers gonna go from 11-0 to wild card team. SMH.
Another embarrassing loss. Maybe they will get their heads out of their asses after this.
"what's the bigger joke:

*our offense...or bengals celebrating when 2-10-1*"
This has to be the most Tomlin loss of all time. Literally zero excuses. Ben fucking sucks now. It’s sad to say but I’m ready to move on.
"Big Ben who claims he wants to win number 7 yet shook the team down for a max contract while running an offense where running is now impossible while having the best defense he's had since 2008

And yet, somehow, he's not the problem. Anything but him!"
WHERE THE FUCK IS THE HELMET TO HELMET CALL
Everyone needs to chill the fuck out about juju dancing during warm ups and care instead about Ben checking down to the LOS when he had claypool wide open for 15
Never compare Juju to Hines Ward again
"Ben fucking blows but you guys calling for Mason? Lofl I will legit turn off the game if he comes in. I saw enough of that shit last year and the three plays in the cowboys game this year. 

Fuck this game though."
"Let Juju and Conner walk next year, fire Randy. Beef up the line and get a better RB. Either draft a competent second string QB, or tank for a Ben replacement. He’s not making any basic throws anymore"
Lots of brigaiding pussies in here tonight
I’m sure I’ll get down voted to hell but it’s time to move on from Ben. He just doesn’t have it anymore.
[deleted]
Unpopular opinion: Fuck the Muppets.
Easily the biggest embarrassment in Tomlin's tenure. I can't remember a bigger fuck up than this clusterfuck.
Steelers loyalty is a bunch of fucking fools man. They had time to make changes but they decided to stick with what’s not working like they always fucking do. Now we’re 2 weeks before the playoffs and down 17 to a 2-10-1 division rival. I’ve never been so fucking disappointed in this team and organization no cap.
The commentators didn't say shit all game and then after that botched 4th down to end the game those fuckers mutter.... well that 3rd down was pretty much pass interference. WTF... where were you all god damn game with all of the bullshit. Not one fucking word. So over this BS
WHERE IS CHASE CLAYPOOL WHAT THE FUCK. Fire randy fichtner before the offense goes out next drive.
"Big Ben must be drinking again...or if not he will be after this game lol

He will be fine ya'll. Everyone has their off days or slumps.  Or he may be getting tired from a long season but will bounce back when it counts (idk how much this game counts but the steelers are looking pretty gravy so far)  At least your not like my NY Giants. 

All this to say...DONT PANIC."
I’m really losing hope with Ben. I think this is the end
TJ Watt just passed Aaron Donald and Trey Hendrickson to lead in total sacks with 13! (They were each only up by .5 sacks; 12.5)
I really wasn’t planning on drinking tonight
"Literally everyone at the line of scrimmage. Ben still can’t get it down the field. 

It’s more on Ben than Randy boys. 

I’d rather watch them run the ball 3 times in a row, see what happens."
One big gain and they say the defense is “giving up” lmao I hate commentators sometimes
I’m officially stating the draft Trask movement
Anyone defending Ben at this point is delusional
"Soooooooo nothing has changed in 4 weeks. We have like 3 rush attempts and 3 completed passes on FIVE FUCKING POSESSIONS. 

No first downs."
[deleted]
So we just not going to throw flags for helmet to helmet?
#FireRandy
"Get Juju, Claypool, and the whole defense outta Pittsburgh. We don’t deserve them"
"We need to move on from this Snell/Connor duo, they just aren’t cutting it"
Literally how the fuck is that not helmet to helmet
No one wants to talk about the fact that there was a blatant helmet to helmet that should have negated the fumble.
That was fucked. I nearly just yelled in the hospital. My baby was born 7 hours ago so I'm calm right now but I'm on the verge and my blood is boiling. This game is fucked if they can't review a play or challenge for a head hit. Fuck this BS the bungles are playing.
"11-0, then possibly 0-5?  2020 is truly the worst in a lifetime!"
"Good job making 2-10 team with 3rd string QB looking good.

&#x200B;

Worst 11-2 team ever"
Why are people blaming juju? pretty much everything shitty that’s happened was bens fault
"JuJu pregame speech: let them do the fucking work, we will do all the fucking dancing"
Another headshot. Cool. We have more headshots then passing yards.
Ben has looked horrific tonight
Wow missed claypool
Let’s throw a murder ball into triple coverage
Ben is trying to kill all the receivers tonight
Big Ben is making BAD decisions
Man I’m the biggest Ben fan you will ever meet.... But what the fuck is happening?
"""That's just a bad choice on Ben's part"" wow ya dont say. That's how many plays ben has ignored Claypool? I'm so frustrated watching this dude"
"tell me four weeks ago we'd be down ten to the bengals and the only thing working for us is the running game and I'd be....unsurprised, actually. lol"
WTF. BENCH BEN RN
"It’s mason time guys. If anything to try to get bens head out of his ass

Edit: and no I don’t think mason will do any better but Ben needs to sit for the rest of the game"
Definitely taking the L now. I have zero faith in this offense to even get a first down right now.
I’m just here for the comments
Ben currently has -2 yards and an INT
"The problem today is Ben. Snell and the defense have been good, receivers have done their jobs for the most part."
"Tomlin needs to take the team to the locker room, and Ben to the glue factory at half."
"So can we sit Ben yet, or...?"
"If you're here and you're stressed out, just pause the game, close your eyes, and take 5 deep breaths.  We'll still be awful, but it might help."
[deleted]
"I legitimately hope they lose this game. Bungles should be hype as fuck right now, I certainly would be. Juju better not say fuck all for the rest of the season"
"Fuck I hate r/nfl. Post that a guy clearly taunting is a good call and the only reason people think it was ""weak"" is cause the steelers player was smart and didn't react.  Now I can't post for 10 mins cause the haters downvoted."
Ben will lead the team to a come back in the second half dont lose faith
"So uh... Just tuned in and now I would like to crawl into bed and cry.

I fully expected to lose... But not like this"
Can’t wait for Mahomes to absolutely toss our salad
"Tomlin better be throwing a fucking trash can or a chair or something.

Dude never shows any emotion really."
You know what's going to suck worse than losing to the Browns in week 17? Losing to the Browns in the playoffs the next week.
Why are the muppets involved with this?
Rudolph is here to save Christmas everyone
Alright let's go. Don't wanna look like the London Sillynannies again
"THE KILLER B’S ARE BACK BOYS. Ben, Boswell, Benny"
"If the Bengals had a decent qb, this would be alot worse."
Haha that is like the 4th time they ran that
"Sooo.... ever since Tuitts tweet talking shit, we’ve been ass. Almost like the Karma gods were like... my guy your 11-0.... STFU"
"But but I was told barely beating the ravaged Ravens team wasn't concerning at all! 

Still undefeated!!! /s"
The browns are gonna win the division aren’t they
Down by 7 in the 4th against the team ranked 30 of 32.  Not cheering a game that should have been out of reach at the half.
That's the right call boys. He's been getting away with it all night too. It's about time they called it
I can’t even imagine how pathetic the post game press conferences will be if the Steelers lose this game. I guarantee you the Tomlin one will be full of your typical “we accept responsibility we make no excuses” bullshit. Despite the season being all but over.
"I’m proud of our team tonight. They showed great competition against a tough 2-10-1 Bengals team with their third string QB. It may have been a loss, but it was a win in my book."
Fucking WHY. Honestly fuck you.
That arm just can’t make it anymore.
NO PI?
Not even a catchable ball
1st to 3rd seed in three games lmao
"Ben getting slammed as he threw and yall put that last pass on him! Lmao. 

Blame Ben for like 99% of this but that was definitely not on Ben. Our line is atrocious"
Oh good. At least the broadcast calls out that it was completely DPI. That makes me feels better.
this is worse than the oakland loss a few years ago
Pittsburgh didn't even show up tonight. Fucking pathetic.
Blows my mind that someone can almost get seriously. And I mean seriously fucking injured. And the refs just let it go. Meanwhile they call ever slight touch in the back every other time. But one directly leads to an almost broken neck or spine and they just let it ride. The NFL is seriously a joke.
Unpopular Opinion: Fitchner has changed the offense to focus on short passes because he doesn't have confidence in the line or in Ben's arm anymore.
he keeps missing claypool you cannot make this shit up
Ben needs to be disciplined for this shit. Make him sit a game and see how he feels about playing like total dogshit.
"It needs to be Mason. even if for a drive. Ben is pathetic right now, literally everything bad is because of his decision making."
I love how juju gets blown up and fumbles so now all the juju haters get to crawl out of their shitholes and start trashing him. In case y’all forgot he’s our only reliable player and the only reason he hasn’t done anything is because every route he’s told to run is garbage. None of this is Juju’s fault you Boomers
"Ben is really hurt, has been for three or four games now, the game plan is just to cover it up, you can't change my mind on that at this point"
[deleted]
The fact that they're down by 7 in the fourth to the Bengals is just beyond ridiculous.
"Unfortunately, I just don't see anyone on KC losing sleep about facing the Steelers."
"3 people behind and 1 person clinging on to Claypool is not ""4 players on Claypool"". It was the right read, but he underthrew it and the questionable PI wasn't called."
Fuck this team. I was actually less stressed last year. Fuck this
"Don’t worry guys, Ben got 60,000 passing yards.  That means more than a win, right?"
Can we get a GoFundMe to pay Juju to delete fucking TikTok?
"Lot of energy, lot of focus"
Here we go let’s bring the north back to Pittsburgh
"One would believe that this is the perfect opportunity for the offense to get going, but we know how the Steelers perform against teams like this. Hope they surprise us"
"Run up the middle for no gain, dropped pass, 4 yard completion, punt. God please don’t let that be our first drive again"
"Ben looking chunky, I’m predicting a good game"
"Getting settled in at work. Got a new oven so I made a ham, mashed potatoes, corn, and rolls for the game. I'm ready to get fat and feel good about beating the shit out of the Bengals. Let's fucking go!"
A LOT
I hope muppet night football is a one and done thing. Oof. I want my daughter to watch football because it’s exciting and athletic not silly.
The muppets are commenting football. This is peak 2020
"I don’t think this offense is good enough right now for this to be a blowout, but I am expecting a comfortable win where it never feels like we’re in trouble."
Ben defs looks like he got into the Christmas sweets early. Gonna be hard to take down
"Dear 8 lb 10 oz baby Jesus, 
Good O, better D, soecial teams on point. No injuries."
Muppets?
See the ball into your 🙌
BEAKER!!!
I’m gonna kill my self by halftime if this shit continues
Glad to see we still are traveling well
"""Since when are you a bengals fan?""

""Since I found out you're a Steelers fan"" 

Lmfao I love these muppets"
Is it just me or does it look like there’s more Steelers fans there?
[deleted]
Dude should’ve caught that pick lol
LMFAOOOO HE WAS WIDE OPEN
DPI uncalled of course.
"Wow, James burned him but of course the underthrow"
Ben is having a tough time...
Nothing like three and out to start the game.
"Start the game with a deep ball?  Check.

Run on 2nd and long? Check.

3 and out?  Check."
I hate this offense lol
How long until Diontae has his first drop?
Wow! Was that play action?!!?
"Ben said not to panic, but he hasn't been giving us something to be hopeful for."
Watt just killed himself
"Damn, derek watt is out cold"
"Fuck man, please be okay"
Oh my god
oh man that looked horrible
STOP THE COUNT!
Uhhh
Fucking bungels
"Fuuuck, that looked an awful lot like the fencing response"
3 and out but the boys look energized. Positivity people let’s go now.
*weekly cracks open beer/here we go again post*
RIP those hopes of Derek playing FB today and hello concussion protocol.
Hey guys... just hopped on...hope Derek is OK...
Steelers kneeling on the field is freaking scary! I hope he’s ok!
Shazier flashbacks.. prayers up for derek
FUCK THAT WAS A BIG HIT. I HOPE HES OKAY.
This teams whole vibes are off
That’s just straight up not safe
Our OL must be truly terrible if even cinci can run behind theirs
Lmao no block in back?! Wtf
Why don’t we use power runs like the 31 other teams in the league??
Amazing job TJ
WATTTTTTTT
Where is vince?
Teej lives behind the line of scrimmage
TJ!!
DPOY
Well at least the Bungles can't run the ball either
Now we can’t even see if DJ will drop it or not lol
Fucking hell
That play action fooled absolutely no one.
"I’ll be damned 3 n out, what a surprise lol"
We are one and done in the playoffs. Clearly the offense didn't practice in spite of the extra day this week.
3 and out. Good stuff
Dude i cant do this again
Was Ben the problem this whole time? Please tell me no
So like... wtf has happened to this team?
Ben getting knocked down regularly tonight
PA is good and a welcomed change but Ben needs to hit those
"I can't tell if it's injury, confidence or Ben is just cooked."
We have reached comical levels of offense. Shades of last year
This offense is quite literally as bad as last year these days. What the fuck happened?
William Jackson is an underrated corner. It’s still a shame he didn’t end up in the black and gold
We need 5 downs
What is this garbage offense. We’re like a parody of ourselves at this point
Well at least Barry is booming
Where’s Chase?
Teams may want to play the Steelers
"I appreciate that they’re throwing it to get that connection but damn, Ben is just not accurate at all. His arm isn’t bad, he just can’t get the target"
"In fairness, Ben tends to be a streaky passer.  Right?  ... right?"
I guess Cincy too good for Ben
"Ben’s not playing very well...hopefully he’ll get his shit together, but right now? Not good."
"What is the record number of total punts in a game, btw?  Asking for a friend..."
"I never imagined this year's offense could be worse than last year's, but here we are."
Calling the right plays; WRs doing what they need to do. And Ben can’t do shit
"3rd and short, better huck it downfeild"
Jordan Berry highlight reel grows every week
Just tuned in for that last series... how did we look on our first drive? Watching the 2nd doesn't give me much hope the 1st was any better.
Almost have a punt per minute so far
Now I have to watch our offense play. . .
Anyone else get nervous with McCloud returning punts?
Sooo are we going to try to run the ball this series or are we going to keep throwing off target passes?
What yinz think will run here to go 3 n out?
"Alright Ben, I love you man. I’ve followed the Steelers ever since your rookie year, so please play better for me"
"Offense is looking rough still, but it's nice to see some play action"
This is genuinely tough to watch
Can we just forfeit the season
Lmao
Fucking pathetic
Fuck
This is just sorry..
Are they fucking hangover or something?
Are you fucking kidding me...
What a clusterfuck
Oh my god
This shit is so embarrassing
Oh it’s definitely going to be one of those games
Hey as I see it a 1 and out is less painful then a 3 an out
Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
"I was about ready to blame Hassenhauer, but I’m surprised it was Pouncey"
Ahh he stinks today
This fucking team man
I'm not really OK with how this game has started.
At least it's not a 3 and out
When did this offense become the fucking JETS Jesus fuck??!?
guess ben's sticking to shotgun the rest of the game lol
"Is it bad I’m not even mad?  It’s just so par the course the last few weeks, it’s starting to feel normal."
We are not winning a playoff game in our current state lol
Lol dude we cannot take an L to a team with what is practically the reverse of our record. This has been embarrassing so far. At least the D is looking good.
At least they didn't punt
Here we go again. Lol.
Our offense looks like absolute crap
good tackle by haden at least
"Offensively, it can only get better from here"
Seems like that Washington loss demoralized the offense completely. It’s tough to watch. Our poor defense having to deal with the ineptitude of our O
This is fucking embarassing
Nice sack
Honestly I’d be more worried if this team *wasn’t* fucking everything up in the first quarter
">Because Randy makes the man throw 51 times a game. His arm is fucking tired.

Hey guys this dude figured out why Ben can't make easy throws! What a genius!

If only Brees, Mahomes, Wilson, Rodgers weren't treated so poorly to have to throw a lot! XD"
We complained about 3 & outs the first 2 drives then they turned it over the first play last time. I'm just not going to expect anything this next drive and see how that goes.
Highsmith seems to be making more plays each week. Really like his progression. Williamson also with a nice stop on that 2nd and goal run.
As soon as I got rid of my Terribles Towels. There's a sack. Coincidence? I hope not
"I'm not worried, just disappointed"
So anyone taking bets one wether our offense or defense will score first? I got money on defense
At this point every afc team in the playoffs would beat us. Probably every nfc team too. A sad pathetic one and done to cap off a sad pathetic season
Why do things like the muppets last the test of time? I feel like there’s usually a yearly muppet thing going on. Where is the muppet money coming from?!
Offense about to light it up
What your opinion of taking one the QBs early this draft?
THAT might be the only score we see tonight
our offense fucking sucks
Holy shit we’re really not running it ever huh
AV whiffs on the block.
Still no runs...
Anemic
We haven’t gotten a first down have we?
Is chase hurt or is Washington that good?
>LB Ulysees Gilbert sustained an ankle injury and is questionable to return tonight.
Randy said we are gonna try different things? Because it sure as shit looks the exact same as we have been doing.
This is utterly embarrassing. The bengals defense is not good.
Wasting time outs like they’re wasting this defense.
Why is RayRay playing over any of the top four receivers?  That was a three wide set with him on the field.
I didn't realize a bunch of snails were playing for the steelers tonight.
Man it’s about to be another 1st quarter with 0 points by the offense. That’s 5 straight 1st quarters where the offense has put up goose eggs. These slow starts are killer and that says a lot about the OC and game planning.
WTF Ben
">*Randy Feetner*

Sounds about right"
DJ just watching the ball bounce around
"Ben’s arm looks horrible tonight, like every throw he makes is missing strength."
Ben literally aged 40 years in 4 weeks
Only one more season of this...
"i dont think i can stomach this offense, holy shit they are awful"
We are the worst 11 and 2 team and I'm not capping
Remember when Ben said this offense was a B??😭😭
"Four possessions, no first downs and a fumble. Can you say...Super Bowl?"
Man we can’t catch a break lately. Not giving the defense a fucking break either
Wow Benjamin had so much time despite the all out blitz and couldn't hit a WR?
I think we have a better chance of scoring on defense
Lmaooooooo I don’t even want to watch the playoffs anymore
They are just daring us to throw deep. No respect for Ben at all.
"10 offensive plays, 3 3 and outs and a fumbled snap"
The team looks lethargic
this is pathetic
"Bad throw, but what the fuck was that route? He gets to the top of the route turns and then just kinda... hops a few inches in the air?"
 Put Berry at qb
I don’t know which I am more angry with; the broken storm drain under my house or this offensive unit.
Can’t even get 10 yards
What the fuck am I watching
Incoming “relax guys” comments. This shit has been going on for weeks. Why would anyone relax ffs.
"There was just nothing on that throw at all. It's like watching Broncos limp noodle Peyton Manning again. 

Maybe having your 38 year old QB with a repaired elbow throw the ball 50 times a game was a bad idea."
So that's what a pass looks like
"The fucking Bengals. Can’t do shit against the Bengals. “Yeah but the Rams lost to the Jets! Good teams lose to bad teams!”

This is now what the 4th week in a row the offense is pitiful? I’m venting here, but man it just looks so bad right now."
"I mean not getting a first down in the first Q against the Bengals isn’t great, but it’s also not good."
defense is gonna wear down eventually.
Extremely lucky that wasn't picked.
That is a dead arm.
HELP ME
"Ben's arm is done. He can't even throw 7 yards with any zip.

But for the second year in a row we have no one capable of backing him up...."
why cant our offense do that
Jordan Berry do be a good punter though
I wonder if BoB will give us watson for some skittles
I can't wait for Ben to talk about 'hangin it up' again in his post game presser
rookie qb equals instant win against our shitbag team
No way we aren’t going one and done in the playoffs yo
[deleted]
"We sit here with 3 minutes left in the first quarter, and Ryan Finley just out gained our entire offense in one throw"
"When do we make a change on offense? Thing is I'm not even sure what you do, but they need a reset. This was supposed to be a get right game, literally the last chance of the regular season. If we don't figure out here, I don't know that it can be figured out."
"The offense looks out of it. They shouldn’t against the Bungles, but ig this is the team we have now"
heres where Finley starts to look like brady
Finley better than Ben?
Whacked his back brain
Why can't our offense adapt man it is sooooo frustrating. Everyone has the dink and dunk shit figured out!!! Old stubborn fuck Randy REFUSES to change i hate it.
We should just never have any Bengals Steelers games
QB or a RB in the first round. What you picking?
Pain.
why is our offense so bad
Ben is playing Ryan lindley bad right now
"We’re the 2013 Chiefs.

I’m already prepared for the 28 point blown lead."
"how hard is it to retire Ben? it's not worth it, we need a new qb."
So many fucking commericals
"Might need to put Mason in, need a live arm slinging it."
By the 2nd half Defense is gonna be worn out again and have more injuries. Same shit 3 or 4 straight games now
Terrible playing. Terrible coaching. We look like one of the worst teams in the league.
seriously thought that postmates commercial was for prescription drugs for a sec. good commercial lol
3rd and 7 and the Bengals put nine defenders within two yards of the line of scrimmage. That’s what’s wrong with the offense.
The defense hanging on for us
Finley's got balls to run up the gut like that
Mike fucking Hilton
Hilton is such a stud at blitzing
Let’s fuck some moms and CHUCK SOME BOMBS
They’re not scared of our offense. That’s why they did that
Fire Randy Fitchner.
Is that the closest the offense has been to the end zone? lol
Averaging less than a yard per play. Fuckin amazing
CAN WE COMPLETE A PASS HOLY FUCK
This is just comical at this point
Roethlisberger could have been picked three times today.
Ben.... IF YOU COULD NOT THROW DANGEROUSLY CLOSE TO THE DEFENSE FOR ONE PLAY that would be real great
RTFB
Where my team gone?
Wow. Ben is high on drugs or something
"at a certain point we need to just start going for it on 4th down, this is ridic, our defense is going to be exhausted"
"I’m going to give it the 2nd quarter. 1st quarters can be wacky, 2nd quarters decide what kind of game it is. If it’s 10-0 at half I’m reaching for my damn pitchfork though."
Why did Ben throw that 5 yards short of the first down.
I don’t know why this is but this is not an offense
BENCH BEN
We just ran the same set 3 times
"If you dont like a single first down in the first quarter, then you dont like steelers football"
This offense is horrid! A pathetic embarrassment
This is what happens when you cant run.  The Defense only has to key on the passing game and can shut it down.
That’s a fumble IMO
"Punting for what, the 5th time in one quarter? yeah, that's not a good sign."
Holy shit this offense is the worst in the NFL. We are screwed.
Man Ben missed a wide open Claypool
Ben what the fuck
So we throw a screen then a fucking 3rd down throw TO THE LINE OF SCRIMMAGE?! FIGURE IT THE FUCK OUT
Nearly a hospital pass
Oh look another pass behind the line of scrimmage
Why is that not a helmet to helmet hit?
"That's a catch / fumble.

And Claypool was open."
Clay pool wide open but let’s dump off to juju get him killed and wouldn’t had been a first anyway. Love it keep it up Ben
If Fichtner is not gone after this season I’m boycotting. This is a fucking disgrace. No reason for that dimwit to be in the NFL.
That’s definitely not a catch
Have we even made a first down yet?
How do we go from undefeated to we suck again! Big Ben looks lost deer in the headlights lost
Play calling is gonna get one of our receivers killed
This team has died
Oh my god I know Juju didn’t dance on their logo!?!?
I miss Charlie batch
Is this cause Ben doesn’t have a December beard?
That sure looks like a fumble to me....
Claypool just getting ignored the last couple weeks.
Helmet hit. No call. It’s definitely a fumble. Our offense is so far beyond pathetic.
Hey that's H to H lol
"Dude wtf is Ben and the offense doing. defenses are keying on the short passes you gotta throw further than 0-5 yards past the line of scrimmage. It’s obvious as fuck. How the fuck can’t our coaches / offense figure it out. Before that pass was even thrown, 2 people already running at juju, they know it’s fucking going there"
"honestly this team deserved to be clowned by these announcers. these teams are so far apart in talent, there is no excuse."
Wide open Claypool... wtf Ben.
This is the biggest fraud team I’ve ever seen. Jesus I can’t imagine getting both sides of the ball playing well.
"I just cannot even be fucked watching this shit anymore. Last year all the talk was ""oh but we'll be fine with Ben back."" Now we can't even use that excuse. It's absolutely fucking pathetic."
Idk how randy has a job after tonight I really don’t
What is Grease talking about?! Hat on ball? That’s the fucking crown into the face mask.
Worst Ben has looked in a long time
"Lol I'm not even mad, that was karma on live prime time. Hopefully it humbles him"
Guys that is 100% a fumble
Get Rudolph in
Looked like he hit him square in the facemask with the crown of his helmet
How the hell do we go from scoring 21 regularly to just trash trash trash trash. Did the Mon Stars come steal their powers?
"Fucking bench Ben until he’ll perform or retire. The Steelers are here to play football and win, not strike the ego of a formerly great, aging quarterback. His inability of unwillingness to stretch the field is laying his receivers out to dry."
That had zero chance of a first down.
"I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed... severely disappointed"
Seriously am I in the twilight zone?
What was that about physicality?  I don't think we heard that word enough times in 20 seconds.
I’m starting to think this play calling is Ben’s fault
Juju looks like he has a concussion.
Ben fucking sucks today. I've seen at least 3 dropped ints and that pass was asking Juju to get whopped
Scumbag refs
I'm glad this game is on MNF. Team 100% deserves to be embarrassed
"Sucks it was Ju-Ju, but that was a sick hit."
Offense is anemic
Longest 1st quarter of my life
"Alright, anyone of you guys want to go in for Ben?"
Go fuck yourself ESPN
"What's really disappointing about this is that it's a continuation of what we've seen since the Dallas game.  We haven't been able to adjust at all in MONTHS

Sucks man"
Ben playing scared had a couple easy open throws and is too afraid of the pass rush so he takes the underneath or check down. Old lion getting ate up by baby jackles
The offense sucks ass
"That genuinely may have been the worst quarter of the season, and against one of the worst opponents too"
"Opposing defenses have figured us out.  Can't run, and Ben can't throw it more than 10 yards.  Every linebacker is sitting on underneath routes trying to pop guys or pick it off."
Why did I get a juju jersey instead of minkah😔 at least it’s a throwback
For a couple weeks I forgot what it felt like to be a Steelers fan but it's coming back to me...
When a stopable force meets a movable object
How did we become the Jets in three weeks?
Embarrased this is on primetime.
The Jags game is the last time we looked competent on offense
Man...... RIP Kevin Greene
"At least they showed the zone read early, adjust now"
Are we gonna lose this game? Honest answers only
Next possession. 3 runs. If we can’t get a first we pack up and leave. I will any way. Anything better than watching this :)
Steelers had as many yards after one quarter as they did turnovers - 2.
corvette corvette
This is a 2 win team btw.
2-10-1
This team ain’t making it past wild card weekend
we need to take some lessons from the ratbirds on punching balls
Lol. If they score another td it's over.
holy fuck. that was too easy
Dandy. Juuuuust dandy.
This is fucking sad
Holy shit this team is burnt toast
Fuck this
The D can only do so much
Ben is scared to get hit. Hence panicking in the pocket if he hasn't thrown the ball within 1 second
What's the excuse this week
[deleted]
"Even if we win it’s the same problems with no solution. Wasted year. Also, Tomlin should tell Juju no more of that bullshit. The Jets can give him 17 if they want to, good riddance if this is who you are going to be."
If we throw one more screen I’m turning off the game
Imagine we divide our season into an 11 game winning streak and a 6 game losing streak.
Scoring drive I’m calling it. Big scoring play from Claypool! Let’s gooo!!
The throws behind the line of scrimmage clearly are not working...keep trying them
So this is embarrassing 😳
We really need to be looking for our future qb. Bens time has come
-5 yards. Great.
I should bet the under on every Steelers game
"I don’t even know what else to suggest at this point. Running isn’t working, throwing isn’t working. Fuck."
So who wants to admit we are gonna go 0-6 to end the season?
"This offense looked better last year with Duck Hodges and no passing game.  We're as easy to counter right now as any team.  If you're one dimensional, and in that one dimension you're limited NFL defenses are going to figure you out quickly."
What's a first down?
Can we ask the Cyberpunk 2077 team to show the NFL how to revoke our playoff game like they did with their video game
4/20 for -5 yards. yikes lmao
Charlie Batch is coming back
IS THAT A FIRSTDOWN?! HOLY SHIT.. NO WAY
Look we doubled our yardage
Ref marked that a full yard short
"Whoah, Snell got more than 2 yards? Fuck me sideways."
POSITIVE YARDS!!!!! HERE WE GOOOO
Fucks sake man
Lol randy fichtner isn't getting any fucking credit
"hahahaha called it

he ran into the back of his own lineman

RUN A DAMN QB SNEAK"
"We need a good running back. I like James, but he's a 2nd stringer. Snell and McFarland would be practice squad players on other teams."
"Holy fuck, cannot get one fucking yard"
Bad spot he was way beyond that
"Better to be lucky than good, I guess. YIKES"
A first down....Dilly Dilly
What is with these shitty spotsmm he got the first down fucking twice before 4th!
FLAG? HELLO? WHAT
First down baby!! 😅
Softest Steeler team of all time
Announcers so fucking pumped they didn't convert on 3rd.
Pass interference....
they were EARLY as fuck
First Dahn
no flag????????? dirty fucks
oh what? he wasnt stopped. let the play go refs jfc
Somebody dance on the logo we have a first down!!!
Triple coverage
can we not buy a fucking call?
Louis riddick is great. The other dude can suck my dick from the back. Also i guess the hit on defenseless recievers wasn't in effect today.
barely got over the line? might've had contact before the pass got there? wtf
"Anyway, what’re y’all drinking?"
Please run the ball. Please.
This is a fucking train wreck. lol.
Pittsburghs offenses WOOOs continue
"Ben needs to progress through his reads, looks like a rookie tbh rn. Our o line might be bad but he has time to make a lot of these throws"
Ben sucks
"Snell had the first on third down, that was DPI. Ben isn’t making good reads, but at least he’s throwing farther than 3 yards down field."
"Seems like Ben’s predetermined to where he’s going to go with the pass.. not sure why, other than he’s trying to build guys up? Or he’s just gotten lazy on his reads? Really hoping it’s because he’s trying to build guys up"
"How likely is it that he's having trouble with his arm? There's been a lot of underthrows in the deep game over the last few weeks, and shit like that Ebron pass tells me he's looking away from the deep game"
Claypool is out of Ben's reach tonight. He can't sling it.
CLAYPOOL OPEN EVERY PLAY
Claypool has been opened a few times but Ben just missing him. Reads are ass now.
Seems like the whole offense has the yips.
"Ben’s making wrong reads I rarely ever seen him make, could be watching Ben’s last 4 games to come"
Ya flag on us but no fucking pi flag
"Okay, I see you Benny. Probably the best run we've seen in like 3 weeks."
That feels like our best run in 3 weeks
Good night guys. MAY YOU REST IN PEACE
THATS SOME BENNY SNELL FOOBAU 😤
Benny Snell Hitstick
That was an excellent jump cut and read like why can’t he do that every time.
Benny turned on the jets.
Wow look what happens when you actually TRY to run the ball
"I just got back from Christmas events, fun but long and pretty stressful. Seems like the game is not going to help."
Benny Snell is Benny Swell
Holy shit guys.... A first down. Remember those!
There is nothing creative about this offenses whatsoever
Snell popped that mf for juju
Keep running Snell. Fuck Ben
Apparently Mapltetron is going to have to use the Force to get a football in his hands tonight
"Ben laid out the dancing clown show, Juju and Ebron.  Accident????"
Stupid ass shit play.
Also someone remind me never to go on r/nfl again
Damn it Randy!
Predictable. So predictable.
Great call there coach
Wow what a unique play that we’ve never ran before.
Our line is old
I don't blame you for being upset Claypool
Not what we had in mind when we said involve claypool but ok
Bench ben
at what point do we bench ben?
Why don’t we have the balls to fire Randy
Maybe throw to claypool instead?
the one fucking time they want to give claypool a touch
Take Ben out man
Bench Ben
What an amazing play randy fichtner came up with right there.. how does he come up with them?
Called that one.
Can Ben see?
Holy that throw was dog shit
"I don’t care if Mason sucks anymore lol, Ben is a genuine liability"
At some point Ben deserves to be benched
Ben is a mess
Put Mason in
Bench ben
How the god damn was this team undefeated
WHAT A FUCKING JOKE
Are we really about to get blown out by the Bengals
Ok guys I played WR/RB/DB in middle school I’m stepping in
Where was going? What?.....what?........whaaaa
This is a colossal disaster
Bench him he’s done
He has so much time in the pocket. Fucking pump fake just once and you'll see who's actually open
Like clockwork
Put in Mason at this point. This is fucking inexcusable
You have to bench him
Ben is Horrible tonight..
What the fuck
Ben might actually be blind holy fuck
Did Hodges ever play this poorly?
Ben is fucking done
Ben is dogshit.
Dead team walking
Holy fuck words cannot describe
Eh can’t blame chucks Atleast some one cares
Oscar Pistorious could do better than this
Steelers giving up
We are literally falling apart
"This has got to be the worst game of his career or close to it, no?"
who's at 2nd qb ? rudolph?
Jesus fucking Christ. What the hell is happening?
"Draft a QB clap clap clap clap clap

Draft a QB clap clap clap clap clap"
We are in a free fall right now
Yikes
I think we have more turnovers than first downs.
Our MNF record is coming to an end tonight
"We look like Chicago, pissing away a top tier defense because we don't know how to offense"
Time to bench him
How about we put a qb in?
we have 24 yards of offense.
Ok only explanation i can think of is Ben is throwing the game so he can bet against himself. This shit is fucked!
Worst game I’ve seen from us in the past idk how many years
Bench ben lmao
Embarrassing
We deserve to lose this game.
Heads are going to roll at halftime
i mean at this point it's just funny
"This team should quit because of ""covid"""
"Ok, I'm officially concerned."
Now the defense is playing like the offense
Lmaoooo
Lol
Pathetic
I’m going to bed.
iamstraightupnothavingagoodtime.gif
Aren't we lucky that Ben is coming back next year
"And now the defense is saying ""Fuck it."""
I got nothing I don’t see how we win another game this year
Bench Ben and gut the team.
This one may be over. SMH
Pain.jpg
Not suprised lol. Not mad anymore.
Sit ben down
This is just silly
So uhhhh this fucking blows
ben should take himself.out
 Sorry ass excuse of an offense. They are out the first round if they don’t get their shit together.
I think this is about the time I turn off the tv and hope that they turn it around while I’m spending my time on something else
Classic late season implosion
"No consequences or focus on this team, blame the coaches"
"3rd string qb, 2 win team. Fuckin hell"
we literally need a legendary ben Roethlisberger game to come back from down 17 to this 2 win bengals teams. how sad
"We all want Tomlin to tear the team a new asshole, but there's honestly only one asshole that needs to be torn..."
Bens arm just looks weak man
First the Jets now the Bengals are gonna win with all the odds stacked against them in the same week
"I want to be upset, but they are literally just the better team. We are absolutely terrible."
Holy shit now our defense is taking a massive dump. A third string QB doing better. I can't help but vent.
They gave up.
"Hey look, if the offense isn't going to be held accountable and your QB is being rewarded for shit play youd give up too."
"this downfall is something else, this will stick with us for years. the  team that went 11-0 and then fell off"
I have not touched my terrible towel since Bettis fumbled in the 2005 AFC playoff game vs. the Colts.  I feel like I need to bring it out now.  Thoughts?
"Put Rudy or Dobbs in please
God Ben isn’t it right now"
Season going up in flames
Clean house for anyone that has anything to do with the offense. This offense is really Schruting it.
What’s worse Ben tonight or when all the Broncos qb had covid and they had to start a practice squad wr as qb
It’s time for Ben to go.
"On the plus side if Ben really falls off a cliff here at least we know before trying to roll him out at QB1 again next year. 

Ideally we get vintage Ben back of course, but I'd rather have certainty that we needed to move on than no commitment either way"
"Alright Tomlin, hahah that was a funny joke, now take the peewee players out of the Steelers uniforms, they're getting hurt"
I was planning on having like 2 beers tonight and chilling. We're already well past that thanks to this performance. Fucking YIKES
Ben shouldn’t even be playing tonight. We have a playoff spot and aren’t getting the 1 seed.
28-3 anybody? That’s our only hope at this point lol
Wonder if Ben will play like his job is on the line now or if he’ll turn it over again.
Team Thought it was going to be a cakewalk against the bungals. They prepared harder
This game seems all but done. Let's just see how bad it can get. 🍺 🍻 🍺 🍻
Ben this game is legit worse than the 5 int Jacksonville game in 2017. If you keep putting him in playing like this you might as well wave the white flag.
I get it but mason is god awful
How to ruin a good day
This offense can’t do anything right. Holy shit.
Where’s Mike Vick man
Even Diontae is catching balls today.
God he throws wild like a rookie
What other team let’s it get this bad? This is so bad I can’t images coach going “just keep trying” and the team not be 3-13.
"Guys, this is the most incompetent offense I have ever seen. It has reached amazing levels of derp. We are witnessing historic derp levels."
"A couple weeks ago we thought Ben should be in the comeback player convo, and he has completely unraveled.  I have to think he's hiding an injury.  This isn't just one game."
This is Tomlin’s third straight year of imploding in December
I’m trying real hard to remind myself that if I had known we would be 11-2 now at the start of the season that I would have been very happy
"Ben looks like Peyton Manning in his final year, except we have no run game."
This is pitiful. We are not a playoff team.
I’m glad Dionte caught the ball but god fucking damnit Ben stop throwing such shitty passes
Let’s make it to the 50 yard line!
Nice Diontae risking a big hit to bring that horrible pass in.
Taunt?
This is trash wrapped in garbage
I love how Ben is out there “directing traffic” and then they just run it up the gut lol.
I love when someone says “that’s not just a cliche” right after spouting off a huge cliche.
Youve heard of the sophomore slump. This is Ben's senior slump. After he gets used to the 1% sales tax discount he'll start dropping bombs again
Good lord dude
The bengals are shitting on us every play
why are we still watching this bois?
Big Cuck
This is probably the most crazy unpredictable game I have seen in my life.. what happened??
Getting saved by Bengals taunts.
Shouldn't the unsportsmanlike be enforced since it's after the play?
About to be shut out this half😎
Ben isn’t playing well but our receivers aren’t bad getting separation consistently.
What the fuck Ben?
"We gonna do a cycling hit. Flag on offense, flag on defense, fumble, interception, punt."
Yeah so we’re getting bounced in the first round for sure barring an absolutely miraculous turnaround. It’s like this isn’t even the same team as it was weeks 1-8
Need a new offensive coordinator
You can take Burfict out of the bengals but you can’t take the Burfict out of the bengals
I fell asleep for 20 minutes. How many first downs do we have?
"You think this is Randy just being like. ""See what happens when I try to call other plays"""
Ik Hilton is really good in run support but can we see Sutton a little more?
This game plan looks like it was all hinging on Connor being available... they have no back up plan. The defense is exhausted
Either we draft trade up for a QB this year or we’ll be bad enough to draft one next year. Ben ain’t it anymore
This is making me sick
were making giovanni bernard look like a straight up explosive back with dynamic playmaking ability
Just take a knee please
This is fun.
"It's sad that this incredible defense has so rarely got to play with a decent lead. I've wanted to see Watt in current form being able to pin his ears back, but it just hasn't happened for him anywhere near as often as it should"
Does anyone remember Buddy Ryan punching the offense coordinator?   I am waiting for Keith butler to throw a punch.
Will we hear Masons music?
He fumbled again
Why is cincy not calling timeout?
Please take a knee
"Ben, bench, now."
"Jesus just take a knee, christ on a cross..."
TOMLIN LIGHT A FUCKING FIRE UNDER THEIR ASS! STOP STANDING THERE
Fucking old fuck
Cowardly soft ass team
Bench him already. He’s done
The bengals have won 2 games out of 13
He ran out of bounds lmao
I'm curious where this ranks of worst halves for the Steelers in the last 20 years.
"Jaylen, why’d you run out of bounds?"
WHY RUN OUT OF BOUNDS?!?!?
He runs out of bounds....
Ben is bad but this offensive line is horrendous right now
why do you do this to me steelers?
"""Don't Panic""

*The guy costing the game*"
Do I wanna watch the second half?
Can we cancel the season now?
Fire fictner give rex ryan a call idk
[deleted]
This is far from over. But they need to prove themselves right now.
This is the team’s biggest deficit all year
We need to get the ball downfield more. They aren’t going to take defenders out of the box until we start getting 15+ yard gains in the passing game
Booger looks like a thumb
Does Ben practice anymore?
Booger looking like a goblin.
Ben looks fucking done. This isnt even a top defense. Holy shit.
Ben isn't even looking downfield unless he can loft it. He is hurt. Time to pull him. I think his left knee is hurting..
That was a pathetic first half but I wouldn’t put it past the Bungals to completely unravel in the second half
Cam came to play
"On a positive note, we’re playing the Bungles in the second half."
"Ben will announce his retirement after we lose in the playoffs, guys. It’s just been confirmed"
Points... they just need points... please
Wtf was that pic of Ben
Big Al is playing poorly too
This O-line😬😬😬
CLAYPOOL
Benny snell is a mvp candidate
"Wow let’s go Ben, that’s a comeback throw"
"FINALLY

God, I would not have wanted to be in that locker room at halftime but it seems to have worked"
Ain’t that some shit
Ok... ok.... this is good...
Damn nice play Claypool
I guess we just needed a big play for a spark
there we fuckin go
3 and out on D would be fucking massive here
All part of the strat. Ben played so badly he got all of the rest of the Steelers to actually pity him and do their jobs.
"HERE WE GO BOIS, CHANGE THIS MENTALITY AROUND NOW"
Honestly may have been the biggest reaction I've seen Ben have this season
We are gonna score on defense here
Now for a pick 6
NOW THATS MORE LIKE IT
Lol
"Don’t worry Steeler fans. The guy I’m playing in Fantasy has started their defense and he needs 20 points. It is inevitable that I will lose so get ready for some picks, sacks, and possibly a touchdown."
time for some run stuffs and sacks
They wanted a push off on that? What?
Just do that again 4 more times Ben
Sweet! Feed the Claypool giant!
Playing down to competition is never good but at least they’re waking up.
we need this ben for the rest of the season
https://twitter.com/Benstonium/status/1341218560220274690?s=20
Can we call Vance the MVP of that drive?
John Ross is about to come off the bench and make an appearance lol
I have wiped my tears and have a tad of a chub going. Let’s go!
Tyler palko came out in a Ben costume at half time
TJ
Watt is an animal.
"Hear me out -  It's late December and Ben looks lean, plus no grizzled beard.  I've never seen him look like that this late in the season, nor have I seen him play this bad.  Coincidence?"
Ah claypool gets the ball thrown to him and he makes a great play it’s almost like we should have been giving him the ball more these past few weeks but no that would require actual decent play calling
THIS TEAM IS READY!
So if Ben keeps calling plays the rest of the half and we end up winning is it time to fire Fichtner?
Sutton is a DOG
Momentum is changing
Nice coverage!
Good d Sutton
"Let's go boys, time to drive it down again."
"Well, I guess this is about as much as we could ask for so far. Let’s see if they can do something with it."
Love the no call on the armbar from the tackle. It is truly wild how every play the t vs Watt will false start and hold
I've had a bad attitude all game but I'm feeling cautiously optimistic that we can remember we are playing the Bengals
"Ok if we're being real for a sec, how much further in the hole would we be if Burrow was still playing?"
I've never been more happy to eat crow. Let's fucking go boys let's get back into this
"Come on Ben, don't forget whatever tf you were told at halftime!"
just get the first down diontae
Anyone else bouta buy a Purewick for Christmas?????
So we picking up a first round lineman or qb next draft?
Diontae redemption arc
So do we like Connor better or Snell at this point guys?
Snell is hard carrying
What is this? Some sort of run...game?
Ben had his contacts in backwards.  Switched them back at halftime.
Looking great since they got rid of the impostors in the locker room
What uh....what's going on here
Wow we executed a running play
I would love to see the advanced stats stuff on Ben's velocity first vs second half
Holy shit we're running to the outside. WTF. I thought there was a rule about that.
Wait two consecutive rushing first downs? Where are the Stillers?
Holy shit a big run
finally a run game
"Ahhh, they were just playing 4D chess that first half!"
Those Bengals fans behind the cameraman made me laugh way harder than it should have.
Damn almost
What happened why is the offense popping off now?
Damn so close.
BOZGAWD FOR 3
Now we've got a game. Stop em here D
"Even if it isn’t enough to pull out the W in this game, it’s encouraging to see some life in the offense"
"ok, now we need another stop by our defense."
"Let's go, let's go, let's gooooo!"
Minkah to tie it
Defence charging up. Turnover incoming.
I know it's against the Bengals off all teams but this is actually what they need on offense. Something to build some confidence on. I still don't know where it goes from here but this was a totally different game before the half.
Quick defensive stop or turnover would be lovely here
Jesus Berry any reason why the laces were in?
Billy Blanks fucks up Tyson in a fight just saying!
"Ben to DJ for the TD

>Ben Roethlisberger & Diontae Johnson (23-yard TD)
Completion Probability: 35.4%

➤ Route Type: Go

➤ Air Distance: 40.1 yards

➤ Time to Throw: 2.04 seconds*

*2nd-quickest time to throw of any completion over 40 yards in the air this season

https://twitter.com/NextGenStats/status/1341220802822205441?s=20"
time for defensive td
Another three and out for them
We need a splash play
3 straight 3 and out for Bengals
Claypool deep come on
Those batted balls are the scariest thing ever.
"Personally, I think Ray Ray is due to take one to the house. He can be explosive."
"Late hit on Ben, too."
"What did the Ebron injury end up being? Would be a tough loss, already thin at TE"
"Weekly batted pass.  Ok, that's out of your system Ben, move along...."
I think we really miss Mike Munchak
God I hope he’s okay.
I feel hope creeping back in
Didn't look like a knee issue. I think were okay.
Holy shit more drops than 4 teams lmao
Cramp
Another missed roughing the passer
Fichtner masterclass
Our O line is soooooo bad
The hole was there but Snell cut it right
"Yes, yes you do come out 3 hours before a football game to catch balls if you consistently drop them lol"
minkah please
defense is going to have to get a TO
Really bad design. No one accounted for a LB down the middle
Come on defense turnover here let’s go
read that guys name as Penis Well
Defense needs a turnover.
are you fucking kidding me
Our defense is fucking ridiculous bruh
This linebacker position is truly cursed
"another ILB down

they have none left"
They broke Finley damn
 come on get a pick defense
Ooh Avery coulda got called for tha tbut they haven’t called a single one of those all day so
Can we fucking stop getting injured FFS
Heyward has to make that play. Simple as.
how many injuries can we sustain on defense
"All that momentum, wtf is this now"
I feel like that’s a definite dislocation. You see the way his shoulder bent from that sandwich? Fucking brutal.
That's a separated shoulder.
Who’s playing lb rn
Put me in coach ✋😔
Finley looks like he's in his 3rd year at Hogwarts.
Now our defense is choking.
Allen is back already!
Allen is back in
Keep them out of field goal range plz
A strip back would be nice
About to go to bed. I don't at all trust this team if they go down by more than 7.
Right down the field burning clock. Defense is gassed.
"Defense is gassed, again"
This is so fucking embarrassing
Ughhh
Avery Williamson is one of the worst tackling LB’s I’ve ever seen
oh yikes.. well time to blame the defense too ig LOL
5m gone already.
You'd think someone would defend that
they are of no threat to throw yet they just kept giving up the run
"Okay... even as ""Mr we still got this"".... that hurts.  I'm nervous now."
Highsmith fucked up so bad
Move over Joe Burrow it’s a Finley Phenomenon in Cincinnati tonight! Imagine being able to stop Lamar Jackson every game but being fooled by the third string QB on a 2-11-1 team. Christ.
Ok...it’s official...I hate the fucking Muppets.
Trade for Finley
Highsmith didn’t contain the edge on that one
Shame that Ben just decided to show up the second half
Love our guys but the injuries at ILB are gonna be too much for us to overcome
My cousin is a Ravens fan so I know our next conversation will be a painful one
Why are there muppets everywhere
such an embarrassment
What a joke. 2-10-1. Fucking sad
Still a lot of time but shit man
"I’m coming back to the game in 20min, I stop watching something good will happen."
Just an awful showing. I am just waiting waiting for the inevitable blowout in the wildcard.
Now that the Jets don’t have the first pick now we also can’t get Darnold easily...damnit
Any updates on Dionya
Good coaching for Bengals on that drive.
2 tds only ties the game. Its over.
You don't deserve to win if you give up 3 turnovers. Simple as that.
"Down 14 pts in the 4th, go with 2 running plays. Good play calling..."
When was the last time the steelers completed a pass in the air over 30 yards? The lack of the deep threat is killing this team
We are down 14 and run it twice from shotgun
"Fichtner, you are down by 14 points and you run stupid shit plays like that? Go to hell you miserable twat"
DEFUND TIK TOK
These slant routes are so fucking predictable the corners all see it coming
This anouncers holy shit lol
Wear out the defense with running. Long as we get positive yards that’s fine. Then go over the top
Positive here is that Snell looks beyond competent.
holy fuck thank god diontae is ok
What on earth was that
"Ben tried to end the game right there

wow"
Whoopsie
Ben baby what is you doin?
we lucked out huge there
Snell is first ballot HOF don't @ me
"Chase ran a stop, Ben threw a go"
LMAOOOOO
We need a slightly mobile qb if Ben could just ram to the right to make a play
"Glad to see Diontae back, now if we could just find a better rythym"
Holy shit clearing it out and throwing it to the running back works?!?
hurry the fuck up
Our offense is so slow man
Believe it or not this isn’t lost quite yet. I give us a 15% chance of winning here
They’re going too slow....
F word inbound
Fucking snap it what are you doing
Has anyone ever seen Ben snap the ball with more than 15 seconds on the play clock
"Snell: *runs hard yard after hard yard*

Snell: Ok Ben I did the hard work just don't-

Big Ben: *overthrows WR into a near int*

Big Ben: Oh sorry what were you about to say?"
2nd and 1 in the red zone.  LETS GO EMPTY SET
Oh my god this o-line is so fucking trash. Everyone needs replaced.
"This game has showed another aspect of our play that needs addressed: we cannot manage the clock properly at all. No sense of urgency. Any other team in this scenario would be no huddle, slinging it."
Hey I know let’s run to the outside. That’s always been so effective for us this year.
HURRY UP
Our run blocking is so fucking bad
Fuckin go for it.
Where the fuck is the urgency on this drive holy shit fuck this team
WHY ARE WE RUNNING THE BALL WHAT THE FUCKK WHY WHY WHY FUCK YOU FICHTNER
BAILED OUT
HOW IS THIRD AND ONE SO FUCKING DIFFICULT
"Considering we need to go for it on 4th, don't run backwards."
Had juju literally wide open on that bat down.
Thanks ref
"Ahhh yes, 3rd and 1, our old nemesis."
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL UP THE GUY 4 TIMES IN A ROW
Yay :D thanks for the flag bungals
Snell MVP
OH MY GOD WE MADE A FIRST AND GOAL
We may have gotten saddled with Artie Burns but at least we can take solace in that Jackson sucks too
Actually scored on 1st and goal damn
they should not be celebrating that td.  get to the fng sideline
We ran for a TD!?
"Steelers are 0/3 on 3rd and 1 

oof"
defense now needs to get us a quick stop
[deleted]
that fg kick was way too close for comfort.
Please Defense
Please defense lets get this done
Plz minkah
Is it just me or is our running game much better when Ben is under center than in shotgun?
Hey kids. Do you guys actually do the shit in these truly commercials?
LETS FUCKING GO DEFENSE!!!
"Dear Mama, I can hear you a crying
You're so scared and all alone
Hangman is coming down from the gallows
And I don't have very long"
He doesn't want to throw man. Stack this fucking box. Trust in your guys in the secondary
"they took half the remaining time (5:49)to run that last drive, hopefully they have an actual 2 min drive in them"
do it for Derek TJ
I have ZERO faith in stopping them
Defense is fucking ass
We need you here D. Let’s go now.
Credit Bernard for that first
This whole game has been who wanted it more
How are they gonba let him get that ... pathetic
Softest game I’ve seen in a long time.
Just falling down 4 yards every play
Imagine not spotting these guys 17 points
does Finley hide the ball better than David Fuckin Copperfield....its like the defense cant see him with it
I'm just going to lie to myself and say they're not going 100 because they are saving up for the playoffs. That will at least by me 2 more weeks.
So hard to stay positive right now
make a play guys
YESSIR
Minkah yes! Way to wrap up my guy! That’s big time!
fucking massive from minkah
Not celebrating until they turn it over on downs.
took them all game to catch on to that
MINKAH
Minkah is a god.
need vintage big ben. please show up
I’m not feelin it but I’ll try 🤞
Lmao retire Ben
"All hopes on you now, Ben. Make it happen!"
"Come on Ben, dip into your bag here🙏"
If we can't pull this off...
shoulda caught claypool earlier in the game instead of looking for him now
Why isnt gray in at guard?
5 guys around claypol
Ok
can we challenge that orrrr
Spray and pray baby!
Guess we lose to the bungels
The sad part is that I cannot leave the game early.
Well that was atrocious.
I'm pretty confused with what happened to Vance McDonald's pass catching ability. I get that he's been working on blocking but always seemed to get the job done
"Fuck Ben. Washington isn't 6'7"""
what the hell ben WHAT THE HELL
"Well that’s all she wrote. At least the offense had life in the second half. Build on it, big game Sunday. Season isn’t over."
Ball game boys.
oof
God damn al
Nice 11-3
76 on the line gets blown up every play. I blame Ben for bad decision making but Jesus Christ this line gives him no room nor time
uhh.. heh.. least we already clinched the playoffs?!
Feels bad man
Offensive line has been dogshit all season
This team isn't the same. I think the no name team destroyed the Steelers
Blow up the team next 2 focus on not looking like dogshit in the playoffs.
Onto Indianapolis
C’mon guys... still 12 seconds left.  Plenty of time to get two quick TDs and win this!
Fyan Rinley
Well maybe I’ll tune in for the playoffs. So I can at least watch us lose to a “good” team instead of losing to trash...
How the actual fuck do you do that?
"The reason that is true but not that relevant: Too much self dick sucking when we were undefeated not enough grind

The reason that is relevant but not true: Big Ben is bad and so is the offense

The reason that is relevant and true: Injuries."
"Wow we suck, we won't last long in the playoffs like this"
"Love Juju, wholesome dude but save the dancing and shit for when we’re winning."
Hopefully mods don't ban anyone clowning us here because this is deserved lol
"Listen, JuJu dancing on the logo is far from the reason we're getting embarrassed. But, if you've ever played a sport in your life, you know that shit like that gives your opponent emotional ammunition that is completely avoidable. Especially after you got punked doing the same thing the week before. It's selfish, bottom line."
Y’all blaming that on JuJu are retarded. That’s the equivalent of a suicide pass in hockey man. Fuck all you bandwagon losers.
Another missed PI flag
we're literally watching Ben Roethlisbergers career come to a screeching end......shame.
They watched that shit in New York and was like hmmm yeah that’s a clean hit
"Gonna go 11-0 to open the season.

0-6 to finish it.

Maybe the offense should try just running the damn ball more, what else do they have to lose?"
Juju dancing on teams logos gonna be a new superstition.
"Why is Ben opposed to throwing to Claypool? He’s been wide open all night. It’s like when Johnson and Ebron are on the field he only has eyes for them, it’s fucking bizarre"
"Fuck. I get why the receivers have been dropping passes all the time.

Every time the ball comes to you from Ben, you're probably going to die.

How can you trust a QB like that?"
Can you imagine how fucked we would be if Burrow was playing?
"“Maybe if I stare harder into this tablet...it will give me receivers, an o line, and the ability to find open receivers” -Ben R"
Can ben not throw it past 5 yards or what’s the reasoning with the weak playcalling
Defense getting gashed by Ryan Finley lmaooooo
Tired of people sticking up for this sorry defensive performance. They were on the field for 4 minutes before this drive they just got dominated on. They weren’t fucking gassed. They’re soft.
"Season’s over boys. First round exit, salary cap nightmares incoming."
"Could we, uhh, forfeit our playoff spot?"
"Anyone still on the 
Coach of the Year award for Tomlin?"
"3rd straight loss, que the apologist and them saying stay calm, *everything is ok*"
"Pros: rediscovered the run & check down game and routes other than drags in the 2nd half. Drop issues fixed. 

Cons: Ben is complete ass. Randy is complete ass. DJ was wide open deep on the last 4th & 10 and Ben didn’t even look. I feel like he’s not even scanning the field just zoning in on what he thinks will be open."
The Pittsburgh Dad episode for this week is going to be the best one ever.
What the fuck is this team doing
"That had Shazier vibes all over it, the way he just went limp"
Was that not a block in the back??? Watt was pushed into the returner.
dirty ass block
How does Ben go from absolutely carrying us to playing so bad in just a couple weeks
I can't wait to get a new Offensive Coordinator.
NBA...no one cares
Lmao what an embarrassment this team has become over the past 4 weeks
This offense is pure trash. I’d rather watch 9/11 clips on replay over and over again.
How could Randy Fichtner call the fumble snap play THERE!
Ben only trains one day a week and it shows
Ya think the Matthew Stafford thing was legit?
"these commentators: ""slight touch in the back""  ""looks like he got a piece of the facemask there"""
" Can’t believe I’m about to say this, but if Ben can’t get his shit together, it may be time to bring in the red-nosed reindeer or the duck."
Another December collapse for Mike Tomlin
"Might as well forfeit in round 1 if you're gonna play like this. This game (if it keeps going like it is) will end just like the last 2 games where the defense is gassed and we lose because of it.

This offense is not even NFL level at this point. It's complete horse shit."
I know the chiefs have had close games but my goodness in the playoffs ar arrowhead I think pitt would get torched
"If we lose this fucking game and Fitchner is still our OC tomorrow, I’m done with this fucking bullshit till next year."
Helmet to helmet hit....
"Hmmm, lowered his helmet into the head?"
I’m a Ben supporter but that was a fucking idiotic pass... that was a Eli Manning caliber hospital pass
"Honestly, Juju dancing on the logo everyday puts a target on his head lol"
Ben's broken. Ain't seeing shit
"Lead with head, first contact with helmet, automatic PF and 15 yards."
"Ben's gotta go. I love him, he has been the QB since I was a teen and learned to love football, but he is not helping here."
"While we're shitting on this offense, Ben really put JuJu in the position to fail there"
"What is the problem ISNT Fichtner... but the offensive unit. 

What if, randy has been the dude making magic happen and we all want him gone? This makes me shutter"
Well. Bad job so far
People on this sub were upset Ben wasn't mentioned in the NFL top 10 QBs like 5 weeks ago 🥴
This has to be the biggest meltdown by a team in the history of the NFL
**Eric Ebron** is down. Looks like he took a hit to the back
where the fuck is the flag are you serious
Ben cannot throw the deep ball. He’s lying about being hurt.
Ben is going to get them killed with these passes
Ebron and Juju gonna have to talk to Ben in the locker room
GET BEN THE FUCK OUT OF HERE. HE IS GONNA GET EVERYONE INJURED.
I wouldn’t mind Matt Stafford next season. See what that man can do with an actual team
"Ben is currently the worst QB in the NFL, no question."
"Ben, you are a washed up turd. Fuck you and don't return next year. That was entirely your fault."
11 losses and you're high stepping out of bounds lmao
First two rounds of the draft - QB and RB
This is the worst QB play I've seen in a Steelers uniform ever
we’re 11-2 and going to lose to a team with four wins in the past two years
I dont want to even be in the playoffs
"like the beats and jags before us, we've wasted an awesome defense because our offense is absolute shit. guys are tired, and tired of being put in a position to lose."
"I mean to be fair, the Bengals are known as the KC Chiefs of Ohio..."
"After the Dallas, Baltimore, and Washington games, I had a feeling the Steelers would implode and end 11-5. That seems pretty likely right about now.

I don't care about injuries, this is fucking embarrassing."
"Tomlin just stands there and does nothing. No scheme change, no motivation. Nothing."
"An hour before next week's game against the Colts, Tomlin should do a quick press conference and announce the team is forfeiting.

It will give the team a much needed bye week in a game they don't have a chance of winning and will piss off the entire team enough that they might actually snap out of this funk.

Thoughts?"
"Bengals burning themselves with penalties, a tale as old as time"
I hope he told him not to dance on logos
Those fouls should not offset. They are not fucking equivalent.
Juju getting a little humble pie tonight
It seems like Ben is throwing to his first read a lot tonight.  But it can’t be....that?
This is on coaching..
At least we get the ball after hal... nvm fuck this team
Snell should be the only RB the rest of the game.
Ben is washed
This is so fucking pathetic. Ben it's time to retire. It was a nice ride.
Ben better be changing his diaper at halftime
"RB out, half the o-line out. Starting TE out. 

Starting LB's gone.

Not surprising."
"I’m putting as much effort into the rest of this season as Randy Fitchner is this season.

None."
Man so much negativity! What's my odds at on betting sites right now?  I'm dropping $100 on steelers straight up right now and yall gonna see my money winning post in 90 minutes.
Ben has sucked. But he just responded like a HoFer.
FUCKING YES THATS WHY YOU DONT BENCH A QB IN THE FIRST HALF OF A FOOTBALL GAME
"That was that AB subtle push off there. 

Not a zip throw from Roethlisberger, but glad to see him put it in front of someone 25+ yards down the field."
Anyone else still skeptic that’ll they’ll be able to go on another 10-0 run at this point? Lmao
That’s some excellent coverage right there
How much y’all wanna put that Tomlin told Fitchner to sit down and took over the offensive play calling
God I really would've liked a TD there
JuJu Redemption Drive pls
"Imagine what Mahomes, Kelce, and Hill gonna do to our defense when they get tired bc our offense is trash"
I can’t wait to get blown out by some wildcard team
Getting COMPLETELY out coached.
"First game where the injuries on defense, especially LB’s are really showing"
"Dammit, they used the Wide Open Whitey. Nobody expects whitey to do that."
Wish we had a future-HOF QB like Ryan Finley.
Clay pool just stopped and watched that ball
Lol @ shock the NFL world... I think the Jets already did that
Lol to all those who asked for Rudolph. Rudolph do not get us within one TD. 😂🤣
2 runs. 9 yards...we couldn't stop an infant from crawling on the floor
"looked like 5 guys on claypool there 


why is claypool always falling down when the ball is coming in"
3 fucking passes. Like just do one run to give us a chance use the 2 min warning to stop the clock
"Quadruple coverage. That said, I did not know you can plow the receiver."
This team is retarded
Big Ben fucking sucks. Dudes washed up. We’re not going anywhere with him at the helm. Str8 up.
big ben needs to retire
AV got killed all fucking night
"Can’t wait for Ben to take Wednesday off and Tomlin to be okay with it. Our future is fucked with these two and I’ve always defended Ben, but not anymore"
Hockey season starts soon!
Another first round exit but who cares since we didn’t have a losing season
Ben’s taking covid protocol a little too seriously with these 6-foot socially distanced throws over receivers heads
This team is a fucking Joke.
"Please force Ben to retire. He had his run, and it’s OBVIOUSLY over. We have 11 wins off our defense."
Too many mistakes in the first. Want to say we were the better team in the second half but I can’t even say that. 2 straight losses you expect this team to come out with a fire under their belly but no one really looked like they wanted it tonight. Lot of soul searching next couple weeks to see how bad we truly want this
Imagine an opposing player did that on our logo...
"I’m so glad I decided to drink and play scrabble with my wife over watching this game. Sober me just knew. It just knew

I won the scrabble game"
Ben is actually worse than Mason Rudolph these last three weeks. I’d put Mason out there he literally can’t be worse
"Idk what’s going on with Ben, he’s been beyond trash the past couple weeks. May be time to sit for a half."
LOL turning it off. Happy holidays guys
How the fuck did we win 11 games
Is this how it feels to be a browns fan
Juju got lit up on a telegraphed pass. All these ppl complaining about stop dancing and perform are pathetic
We aren’t even going to win the division
Stop doing tik tok dances on the other teams logo and you won't get rammed
Why the hell is everyone mad at juju??? Ben needs to go back to old Ben and hold onto the ball longer
"Can we fire Randy Fichtner before he ruins this season? 

This guy is a fucking turd."
Fuck our offense. Fuck our playcalling. Fuck these refs. Fuck this game. I'm going to watch star wars.
Just run every single down no matter what and lets see what happens. Fun social experiment that doesn't kill our wide receivers who are always going to do short routes no matter what because that's all Ben can complete now.
Trip coverage and another suicide pass lmao
I really don't care about the cap hit. I think I would have more confidence in this team next year without him. We know what he can do; and father time has caught up. Sorry big guy
At least we were 11-0 with some cool Tik Tok dances on opponents logos 😎
I’m glad Kevin Greene didn’t have to watch this shit.
"BUT BUT I WAS TOLD IF I WORRIED ABOUT THE TEAM LOOKING LIKE SHIT AGAINST A THIRD STRING RAVENS QB, THEN IM NOT A REAL FAN!!!"
Did Roethlisberger send an unsolicited dick pick to an old gypsy woman?
Can we chain a college girl to the goalpost or something for Ben?
"Fuck these refs. Their defense has been manhandling our receivers all night before the ball is there and they've thrown one flag. Fucking bullshit. Our team needs some work, but the refs didn't help."
"DPI on Claypool, what the fuck."
Worst 11-3 team of all time
"This line is bad. I don't think Ben is washed up like some. He has been getting hit. All those throws down field he is getting hit when he throws. The line gets fixed this team is good. The D is solid, the skill players, just the O Line is junk. But to borrow a line from my friends, next year. Isn't getting better this year. 

And us having pro bowl lineman shows how bad the pro bowl has become."
Fuck this team fuck this team fuck this team
They deserve to lose out the rest of the season if the offense keeps playing like this. Juju too busy making tiktoks when his stats are garbage and Ben looking like my drunk uncle at thanksgiving making a fool of himself.
"I want to punch Benjamin in the god damn face, but I’d have to hit his stomach cause his heads so far up his ass."
"0 - 17 guys

Bengals winning.

This is actually happening."
Who are these announcers? They are creaming themselves over the bengals
"Announcers: “if anyone can get this turned around at the half, it’s Tomlin.”

Me: “Uhhmmm...”"
juju gonna be spinning in his wheelchair on enemy team's logos at this point
Retire Ben
Ben is so ass dude
Anyone complaining about a no PI call can STFU. Ben’s plan is to force the long ball(again) and hope for the refs to bail him out on a 4th and long. This MF needs to go.
"Fault for Steelers Offense:

1. Johnson

2. Run game

3. Randy Fichtner

4. Tommy Maddox

5. Dog down the street 


......



19. Big Ben"
"This is embarrassing, but everyone saying “fuck this team” should go root for another team"
How is that not interference?
I’m glad Kevin Greene didn’t have to see this
He chopped his arm early.  Shoulda been PI
The dude voicing Kermit sucks ass.
Welp seen all I need to see imma head out.
"&#x200B;

Derek Watt is down on the ground and unresponsive"
"Bomb it to prove we can...


Under thrown..."
This team is falling apart.
Slight touch my butt announcers
Is 🦆 available? Atrocious
This team has literally turned into the Bears from weeks 1-8.
Bad news bears on offense and 1985 Chicago bears on defense.
"Man, put Rudy in. I’m not even trying to be a jerk."
"Ben is done I think, looks like he's playing preseason games lately."
This offense is no worse with Rudolph right now.
At least we can look forward to some lit til toks after an embarrassing loss to a 2-10-1 team
"I knew this franchise was done for when Ben, Brown, and Bell lost to the bortles jag. And they collapsed the season after, and it has just been going downhill from there"
I see tonight my faith in the passing game will be destroyed too.
This offense deserves jack shit. Our defense is the sole reason we’re in this place
"At what point do you just sit Ben and hope some rest does him some good for the playoffs?

One seed is dead and winning the division is looking less likely (and it doesn't really mean much other than bragging rights anyways since there are no fans in the stadiums)"
How come other teams get reliable back ups and this team gets Mason Rudolph?
Why is benching Ben out of the question
Get Duck Hodges back
All those times we didn't try to get a competent qb2 or future qb have really paid off for us!
Put in Rudolph at this point. Cant be much worse
Another brilliant play call by Finctner
TARGETING?!?!?
"So... Mason Rudolph time? I can't watch this shit.

HE WAS WIDE OPEN OVER THE MIDDLE. WHAT THE FUCK."
"Two things:
1. These announcers are really bad
2. Is there a targeting / head contact rule in the NFL?"
Is that not a dirty hit??? Head to head? Genuinely not sure the ruling on that
Not targeting ok
helmet to helmet no call btw
Phillips dropped his helmet and lead with helmet and made contact with runner helmet who dropped helmet also.   It's official by Bengals by laws of Shazier he now officially the dirtiest player in the NFL.
Just kneel the ball it'll give our defense more rest
Good thing burrow is out
Worst 11-2 team in history.
Yeah I'm pretty sure we've lost this one
Why do we always play down to our opponents?
we’re a joke and we deserve the heat we catch on twitter lol
What a fucking embarrassment
lol driving the ball. It’s been 2 plays.
Why they gotta do Ben like that. Slowly zooming into his face right before that touchdown 😂
Man I wish I could be there to boo them
Lmao we have 2 yards of offense 😂
This is the most pathetic thing I’ve ever seen in sports. Jets beating the rams was bad but jets can actually play well at times and darnold is a decent Qb. This is Ryan Finley and one of the leagues worse run games.
"Made the mistake of staying up till 2am in London for this dross, I'm going to bed peeps, wake me up when Ben and Fichtner are canned."
Hey Finley has a 100 rating jsyk
NO FLAG WTF
FUCKING DPI!?!?
That has got to be PI lmao what the FUCK
Ben is just killing the receivers.
That contact looked early to me
He got tackled before the ball even got there. Are there ANY refs from Pittsburgh.
Fuck you Ben.
Lmao. There's a fucking bounty out.
These refs are bullshit
"I usually don’t comment on game day threads but this officiating is absolutely FUCKING BRUTAL it’s infuriating to watch... missed block in the back on Watts injury, missed helmet to helmet on JuJus fumble and now that...."
Worst read I've ever seen from a veteran qb
Time for Mason yet?
Absolutely bench Ben immediately
Oh my fucking god. Ben is done.
Ben is trash. If he's still in the game next drive I'm out
Ever since the second half of the Titans game this team has not been right
They score its about done.
Welp that’s it for tonight. Goodnight yall
Those who said it earlier were overreacting but seriously sit Ben at this point
Worth the 15 yards there. Don't let them high step on us like that. Gotta stand up for ourselves.
Ben -2 yards. Lollllll don't your dareee blame juju or any receiver. He already got our te hurt. And almost juju.
Has Ben completed anything over 5 yards
Ben is burnt toast man
Ben’s stat line 😂😂😂
What's Tommy Maddox up to these days
"Without a bye, this was bound to happen. Just didn't expect it to be this bad"
"I'm really wondering if all these ""put Mason in"" folks watched a single minute of steeler football last season"
"Guess it shows how much the Steelers respect Kevin Greene... hell, they dedicated this game to his memory. He would spit in every one of their eyes right now."
Ravens COVID curse destroyed this season.
Ben is literally out there living out a fantasy that he's Tom Brady and it's going about as well as you'd expect
"I mean... That was a lucky, but weak personal foul call there..."
"Prediction: offense gets the ball back, Ben throws a pick to end the half, Mason time in the 2nd half"
"Blame Tom Brady. All these dinosaurs think if he can do it they can do it. Rivers, Big Ben, and Brees are going to get themselves killed and ruin the next two years for their teams because they won't retire."
Ben needs to be brought behind the barn...
Omg run out of bound!!!! This is all over on coaching
Maybe Dobbs has been suiting up this whole time and that's why Ben has been playing?
"The pass game doesn't look good, but do you seriously think the run looks better?"
Literally everything the offense does is a dumpster fire. Fire them all
It's not over
Praying that’s the end of the Jaylen Samuels experience in Pittsburgh
"I’m not very hopeful. As good of a coach as Tomlin is, he has never been good at making halftime adjustments."
Everyone saying they are frauds and honestly it looks like that is the case
Ok I switched jerseys to my Big Ben Bumblebee. We should be good for 250yards and 3 tds in the second half. My bad for wearing a defensive jersey first half
THEY BENCHED BEN
"If our first two rounds aren't OLine idk what the fuck we're doing. This OLine is beyond horrendous holy shit. Let Al walk, cut Pouncey, restructure DeCastro too. Start Banner and Dotson and draft a left tackle and center. Trade up for an OT I don't care. No QB can succeed behind tissue paper."
Man are the Bengals going to feel stupid losing 21-17
Ben honestly just looks washed even standing on the sideline
Here we go!  Time for vintage Ben
1/100 times that works and he’ll keep that dumb lucky screen in the playbook.
WHERE THE FUCK WAS THAT THE FIRST HALF?!?!
"""That ought settle down Steeler nation"". Heard that? Or still want Rudolph?"
I legit went upstairs to play madden because this game wasn’t going well and I see this shit
CHIEFS ARE NEXT BOYS. HERE COMES 7
That Finley dude sucks.  Glad we have Ben
My eyes burn so bad all of a sudden maybe I sacrificed my vision for this game
That's how you get up in a motherfucker's shit.
We really are a fickle bunch aren’t we
We don’t celebrate division titles. We celebrated SB trophies
My main man Ray Ray McDonald making em look stupid with the jukes
Anyone have James Harrison's number?
Edmunds go in ILB?
Should we forfeit our playoff game
These announcers are fucking awful
The offense gets moving and now the D looks like ass. Son of a bitch.
Defense is gassed
“Number 1 defense”
"The defense checked out, but I don’t fucking blame them for a second. They’re probably gassed."
they won't win again this year
Three straight fucking losses after going 11-0. Yep sounds like Tomlin December football
Holy shit Big Ben looks bad. That was an int.
A little urgency would be nice seeing as we need to more than double our points
WHY DO WE KEEP THROWING ON 1 YARD FUCKING PLAYS??!?! WTF
could've saved 2 minutes on this drive without the down tempo bullshit and useless runs
Wait what? What the fuck is the strategy behind going for 2 when you're down 8?
Someone take Juju’s phone away from him before the next game
Ok the defense got some rest. If they can't make a stop here then we don't deserve literally anything
They’re just falling forward and getting 4 yards. Come on defense. YOU KNOW THEYRE GOING TO RUN IT.
Thought for sure minkah was gonna whiff on that
Lol.  We suck
That was just a good play from the cb
I think it's safe to say we don't get this
An overthrow by Ben is the perfect play for this one to end.
Fire everyone lol. Good night
Ben seriously fucking sucks
This is a bad football team folks.
we probably aren't winning another game
We should just withdraw from the playoffs at this point
Not a single god damn fucking positive
I'm high as shit rn...
this is the night we were supposed to secure the north. going to bed pissed
Romo is announcing the Steelers game next week.
"PI missed call or not, it should never come down to something like this. 

Pit deff bouncing out 1st playoff game."
"11-3, 9-5 it’s the same thing at this point. Anyone whose realistic is seeing this team isn’t capable of making a run in its current state"
The real question is: Will the Steelers win another game this season???
"I was all on Juju's side with the dancing bullshit, but I think that's enough now. Win something and then dance."
"These announcers and refs are so blatantly anti Steelers it’s ridiculous. Like I get that they deserve
some flame but come on"
That was PI no?
If this was the chiefs we're down 28-0
"What pisses me off is Ben walking around like nothing is his fault. No reviewing tape on the sidelines, no practicing throws, no talking with receivers- nothing. Just a pampered, entitled diva."
"Hmmmmm. The Bengals defense seems to be playing extra motivation and energy and all of it seems to be projected at one of our particular players?

But I'm sure people are just overreacting to the dancing pre game by JuJu"
"Rudolf could play better than this, change my mind."
Honestly never seen a collapse of a team like this holy shit
"Future Jacksonville Jaguar Tiktok boy needs to stop dancing 


Big Ben needs to stop bluffing and retire 


Fichtner needs to get fired"
Well that was a gift from the refs
Now **this** is the kind of game I’m used to as a lifelong Steelers fan
I really hate the negativity of this sub sometimes
Defend that Ben fans.
Can someone please tell me why we signed Ben to an extension.
"Idc how much I get downvoted but Ben stinks, needs to retire. Short throws aren’t gonna cut it, teams figured it out and it’s exposing that Ben doenst have it anymore. Not to mention most of our receivers are trash and can’t catch and we don’t have a run game. Been saying this since week 5 and y’all downvoted me calling me a fake fan and negative when in reality I was speaking the truth"
Everyone needs to chill lol
"Serious question, at what point do we put mason in?"
"Fuck it put duck in, our offense was actually better last year"
"Not sure if Ben is injured and hiding it or he just doesn’t have it anymore.  Either way, him being 38 and us having a great defense, we need to find a QB if Ben can’t get it done for 2021 and beyond.  Ben is the best QB Steelers have had, but his time may be done."
Hit him before the ball was even close WTF
Ben's just trying to injure all of our receivers huh?
Why does Ben hate Claypool?
How is that not a penalty
"If this is Ben from here on out, please do not come back. Just retire"
Okarafor did exactly what you should
Okorafor had every right to do that shit. Man we need to light them the fuck up.
"Hello doom and gloom fans:

requesting for a ticket on the doom train

Sincerely , a positive fan"
Yeah I’m out on this team. It was a good run but we’re losing by 50 to whoever we play in the wildcard round
Fire all the coaches. Cut every single offensive player who ever played a snap
"Tomlin is still an A+++ coach, maybe the best in the league. Why do these coordinators just suck year after year."
"Man I saw Bell turn a 6 yard loss into a 3 yard gain the other day vs the Saints. Meanwhile no one on this team has shown up.

He was right, Ben's a problem."
"Minkah got beat bad there 

got lucky"
Great job Ben. But it’s still fuck you Ben.
"Fuck man Ray Ray is scared to catch these punts, losing yards letting it bounce"
Over/under on a Ben int to end the game?
Claypool fucking mugged
This game is on Ben
"Not once has this team been dominant the past 10 years. We have never looked like the chiefs, we have never looked like the Ravens last year."
how are there still tomlin haters
I crave the sweet release of death please
Pittsburgh Dad is gonna have a good video about this game
Don’t think this team beats the Browns in week 17
Ben doesn’t even look like he wants to be here honestly. Blaming everyone else.
"Lions fan here, love the optimism."
That was PI
How are we possibly blaming Tomlin?? I thought we moved past that
Y’all can fuck off hating on Juju for his TikToks because he’s only having fun and it doesn’t impact his game.
Whos starting at guard? Seen Dotson is out and Feiler on IR.
"I'm predicting a 20-3 scoreline tonight. A Defensive TD, Diontae, and Juju for the 3 TDS and 1 missed PAT by Boz"
"Derwin Gray starting at Left Guard? Based on what I’ve heard about Derwin, it sounds like we shouldn’t expect to run the ball much better"
I hope the Muppets become the regular MNF crew.
Fucking really nfl?
"I'm down by 42 pts in my fantasy semi-final and I have Ben, Boz and the D...hoping for a miracle."
I expect the Steelers to win and the Bengals to somehow cover
Let’s have a whole game commentated like that
"If they come out with the same throw-short-run-long, dink-and-dunk offense I don't care what the final score is, I will be very frustrated. You've stacked wins, get your process in order for when it counts."
For those who have a Reddit-Stream subscription the [link is here](https://reddit-stream.com/comments/khttcj/)
Claypool is a beast!
"Why the fuck is this on ESPN?

Edit: apparently This has been normal this year and I just didn’t know it but I still feel like if you live in central pa it should be on a local channel."
*mute*
SHOVE THESE MUPPETS IN YOUR PIE HOLES
Muppets!! It's time to cheer!!
ray ray learned from last week it seems.
Wtf wtf wtf
A PLAY-ACTION PASS ILL TAKE IT
It's too early to do this to my heart...
"Washington had a step, but unfortunately it was underthrown"
"GOOD KNEELDOWN RAY RAY!!!! LOVE IT, THANK YOU"
"Hey I respect pushing the ball down the field.

HORRIBLE underthrow, but still good to see."
"Toothless run game, fucking hell man"
Gross throw.
Was the intent to have us lose confidence in Ben's long passing skills?
So what in fucks name was that Muppet thing
How did anyone on our oline make the pro bowl?
CANT EVEN GET A FIRST AGAINST THE SHIT BENGALS HUH
"Can you throw more than 40 yards, Ben"
Ben has aged 10 years in the last few weeks
Impotent
We got away with 2 that should have been picked there
Nice first series. Way to go dip shits
Sigh....Derek...
That looked bad. I hope Derek is ok
pls no
oh god that doesn’t look good
Throwing past the sticks? Never heard of her
oh no
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Holy fuck ouch.
Oh fuck
🙏🏼🙏🏼
Well this game was ruined real quick. Hope Derek is ok. Jesus
That's why you don't fucking push people in the back. Fucking idiots can't help themselves
Derek's up
"Pain, neverending pain"
I fucking hate how they cut away for commercial when a dude has a serious injury like that and looks lifeless...at least get to the point where we can see it he has some life in him
Textbook concussion
We have one of the best defensive lines in the league and the Bengals have one of the worst offensive lines. How did Gio Bernard get so much yardage on that run?
Let’s try out that new running game!
One PA and now back to the regular playbook lmao
Ah he had him too
Wow our offense is so fucking trash lmao
Ben please :(
Ben throwing short...
This offense can be summarized as Spain without the S
Wobblers
Just end the season.
"This offense has no momentum building, just all huck it and fuck it"
You’re supposed to do play action after running the ball
Our running game is terrible
Boy we looking fucking bad...
Are we not even gonna try to run the ball?
"Let's see.. completely impotent offense, an injury, and good defense early.

Looking pretty familiar."
Do you think a possible reason to us not being able to run the ball is because we always run out of shotgun formation?
RUN THE MOTHER FUCKING BALL. FUCK YOU RANDY
Ben is not looking good rn. Need to get it together quick.
Our offense leaves a lot to be desired
4 punts in 5 minutes
What's the line on a 0-0 tie?
All those weeks where Ben was saying he needs to throw more accurate balls....dude put a curse on himself.
"Announcers throwing shade


""Will we see our first first down here..."""
Has a game ever maxed out the TV timeouts?
The whole team got the yips
You've gotta be kidding me...
Oh my fucking god
Jesus fucking Christ...
BEN WTFFFF
At least it wasn't 3 and out
This is fucking LAUGHABLE
i dont even know what to say rn.
Tomlining 😎
Yeah let’s pack it up we ain’t beating the chiefs anyway
if this is the team that limps into the playoffs it will be an EARLY exit smdh
Holy shit. They’re terrible.
THIS IS REAL STEELER FOOTBALL
WHAT THE FUCK
Just when you think this offense can't be more pathetic...
This is ugly.
BRILLIANT! Good job! 🙄
Lol that santa beard definitely doesn't qualify as a mask. And fumble oh fuck me
It’s like they don’t even want to play football anymore.
"Guys, wtf just happened?"
We are absolutely terrible
Just kill me now
"God this team is depressing, we need a new QB next year"
Wtf is this shit
This is fucking pathetic
Tank for trask? 😂
Worst offense in the league no doubt
Excuse me while I simply pass away
So much for making routine plays routinely.
6 minutes in and it feels like an eternity already
This is embarrassing.
"Okay, we were all ready for a 3 and out, but you have just found a new way to let us down."
We. Fucking. Suck. Cock.
Jesus christ what a fumble
How how the defense not pulled aside the offense and beat the shit outta them?
Solid hit by Hayden
Shit spot
What is that spot? Lmao
This is hard to watch
Grossly disappointed
Huge
Alex Highsmith is looking like an amazing. Looked good before but I think he had a lot of upside
"This offense looks no better than last year at this point, need to get their shit together before the playoffs. Or it will be an early exit"
Was that a sack??
How does ESPN have such shitty announcers as such a big company?
What do you guys think our longest run of the day will be?
"Nice, a completion."
This feels like Madden. I much prefer defense.
I know we're going to turn the corner in this game.  But right now this is painful to watch.
"I would rather watch the offense last season, and that's saying something"
This is embarrassingly bad holy fuck
Sometimes you have to laugh to keep from crying
"Our offense is dreadful, 3 punts and a turnover already"
Oh look a terrible pass!
"We look like fucking clowns! Fuck this! Our WHOLE offensive coaching staff needs FIRED the calls, the offensive line schemes, the drops, the running backs not hitting holes. The whole staff needs fired"
Another short ball.
Wow this is sad Getting to a point we kind as well put Rudolph in lol
"For real though. Can somebody explain why our play all is so generic, without using the words Randy or Fichtner?"
Peyton Manning in his last season had a CANNON compared to Big Ben this year
What is going on
3 and out. 3 and out. Fumble. 3 and out.
Are we sure that’s Ben and not Rudolph?
three and out 16 of the last 30 drives lmao
What in the living fuck has happened to this team?
Honestly 4 possessions with 0 first downs and the least yards to go as 7 is impressively bad.
My Madden Offense is in this video and I do not like it.
bens passes just look.... soft? floaty?
Diontae needed to come back to that ball wtf
Both Duck and Mason played better than this. Jesus christ....
Jordan Berry once again our offensive MVP
Wtf is wrong with Ben...
Wish they fell apart earlier in the year. Could've used the better draft pick.
I am....beside myself
The D will need to score
Glad we took that timeout to draw up that near interception. Kill me
Maybe Finley can give Ben some tips
we look... unironically.. awful
I would rather have Ryan Finley than Ben right now
You guys forget we don’t get things rolling until the early in the 2nd qtr.
This offense would have thousands of upvotes on r/jokes.
"looking at this team now, I genuinely can not believe there was a time I thought this team could actually keep up with the Chiefs lol"
We are succin a fat D tonight
Can we trade for finley?
Ben said he's coming back in 2021 😂😂😂
2-10-1 with a back QB
"Let’s get a defensive TD right here, boys!"
yeah... we need to improve a lot or thats a first round exit.
Ryan Finnely is playing better than Ben Rothlesberger.
"If we keep doing these quick ass 3 and outs, the defense is gonna be out of steam by the end of the 3rd quarter"
"Look guys, an actual throw!"
They just snoked us on 4 verts... embarrassing
Our offense is sooooo bad.
This is the worst offense I have seen.
Right Tackle jumped...
"I’m about to turn this off man, I can’t watch this"
Haden is such a baller.
Finley with these weapons 👀
Ugh guys this sucks
it'd be great if we had a Josh Dobbs right about now.
Ryan Finley wasn’t even good enough to start at Boise state over Brett rypien and we are gonna do everything we can to get him a win aren’t we
"We need Ben to step up.. We go as he goes. He still has it in him I believe, but he’s got it find it again."
the next 2 week are going to be embarrassing vs the colts and browns
Where's the creativity on offense? Its the same ole lame 3 and out!!! But let's be honest ... We all knew Steelers would start like this
Good sense by Hilton on that play.
He's no Younghoe Koo.
"What a waste of this amazing defense. They’re so god damn good, but our offense looks like a JV team"
Just punt when  we get the ball so our D has longer to try and score
Will starting with good field position even matter at this point?
I’m going to need more beer for this one
oh wow.. bengals want us to win? okay cool
At what point does the offense start yelling at the offense. I know it is team but at some point you have to say something.
The defense needs to just sit on the snap next time the offense only gets them a 4 minute rest.
LMAOOOOO WHAT THE FUCK IS BEN DOING????
That was such a dumb call
Hell yeah!! Best field position.
Who would have thought our best field position so far would be because of the opposing team's offense?
LMFAOOOO. Our defense has given us the best field position.
"ok, c'mon, O, shake it off, and get right"
"ALRIGHT WHATAREYAHAVIN:

we’ve got 3 and out! 

A more filling 4 and out. 

A tipped pick. 

OR, the rarer drop drop drop punt!"
Ben should have 4 interceptions at this point.
Wtf is this? Quack times?
Ben has thrown more catchable balls to Bengals players tonight
"Ben blasted the team's toughness, then can't complete a pass."
"If Ben’s hurt, there’s no reason why Dobbs SHOULDNT start next game. 

Dobbs isn’t great, but neither is Jalen Hurts. It’s all about the gameplan"
Almost intercepted again wtf
Bro ..
This is pretty sad so far
Lol Ben should have 2 picks already.
that should have been bens third interception of the night. something is wrong in his head
We really boutta do play action if we aren't running...
Remember when drops were our biggest problem
"punt on 2nd down, we can finally move the ball down the field!"
Ben has 2 yards lol
Big Ben is playing qb like he is on my madden team. God fucking awful
"Cover 1 tight man coverage. They do not respect our deep ball at all, and we haven’t given them a reason to either"
Absolutely massive gain
Is this our fourth 3rd and 7?
go downfield moron.....jfc
WTF
LOL
Pathetic offense.
Horse shit calls by Ben
bench yourself.
FUCK DUDE
Now Ben is trying to kill people
We have nothing on offense anymore...
holy fuck Steelers what the fuck are you doing
Poor juju I know he’s gonna hate seeing that replay
Juju just got destroyed
Fucking screens. No running game. WTF.
Do we see if Mason’s got anything?
"So who do people want this off-season, a drafted QB or like Darnold/Haskins/Minshew type?"
I....I just don't know
Head to head hit
Lol what was that 2 yard pass gonna do? Ben is lost...
Juju still needed to be 5 more yards down field anyway
That's a fumble
Offense looks anemic right now
Why are we not even running our 3rd down plays to the marker?
Number 11 was wide open the fuck
Bench Ben. Fucking pathetic
Ben has aged like absolute milk this season.
Rudolph time?
Cool lets try to kill JuJu
Mark Madden is tumescent right now.
Juju’s head almost fell off.
Claypool was wide open
Claypool was wide open down the middle…
shouldnt that have been a flag? lol uhhh
This team doesn't deserve fucking shit.
I am in so much pain
So I’m thinking we play defense on both sides?
Demoralized. This offense was built on paper legs the whole time.
"Bengals playing like it's their super bowl, steelers look like they can't be bothered. What is going on with these guys"
hit to the helmet
What do you think has been going on at practice?  How does our offense practice against our defense?
That's all folks
Steve Levy needs to go play in traffic
This fucking offense is trash tier delight. They have no clue what to do and not one leader among them. I am amazed we won any games this year because watching these last three has been beyond brutal. Mike Tomlin still playing the role of cheerleader but it definitely was masked by top tier defense.
What is an offense? Also leading with helmet but okay lol
Ben is cooked.
These announces suck.
I thought you can’t challenge a play ruled dead like that?
Ben is looking like ASS out there
Put in Rudolph
Not only is our offensive game plan terrible. It’s actually dangerous. These receivers are getting teed up and are gonna get hurt.
Ben is playing with no confidence.
I’m just crying at this point
Why am I watching the same offense from 3 weeks ago
JuJu please make a Tik Tok once the games over
So can these cunts review it for targeting since the bengals are challenging? This is absolutely fucking ridiculous
May wanna leave that highlight off Tik Tok Juju
Plot twist: Ben was actually aiming for Claypool
no way LMFAO
This is all because our offense is 1 dimensional. They’re defense already knows what’s coming.
Fuck this offense. The D is gonna be dead by halftime.
"Literally doing the same shit as the last two weeks. Abandon the run, start throwing a bunch of short passes so they can just crowd the line and disrupt everything. 

Why the FUCK would it work out any differently tonight? Blow this whole thing up."
"Look, it's obviously one quarter of football. But I'm thinking about [this tweet from last night](https://twitter.com/ChrisMuellerPGH/status/1340864897215852544?s=20) and right now, I feel like the answer is zero."
We need a pick six or this is over
Most of our injuries have been on the defensive side. So like...wtf happened with the offense? How did we win 11 games?
Where is Tomlin getting pissed at juju? Why does Tomlin get a pass when they are winning but when it goes to guys heads he’s no where to be seen?
WE HAD TWO YARDS OF FUCKING OFFENSE
It would likely be 0-0 if we punted on 1st down. Our offense is playing that bad. I truly can't believe my eyes
"Look Ben, I know you’re not getting any younger, but you need to sit in the pocket just a little longer and not rely on these underneath crossing routes"
"ben has an absolute noodle of an arm now, no reason he should be throwing under 5 yards every play if something is wrong"
I mean surely Tomlin HAS to see where the issue is right.  I mean it’s been PAINFULLY obvious these last three games.
I have big news! It's possible to play defense and offense *at the same time*
Maybe we should look Into taking a star QB like Finley
Ryan fucking Finley is outplaying you. Just fuck off and retire
Hey guys I don’t think our defense knows the qb can keep the ball
Unfortunately get ready for the defense to get picked apart. Second quarter just started and the defense has already played a full game.
This offense is fucking ridiculous. We have no run game and Ben's touch is non-existent. Then when he does make a decent pass stone hands receivers drop it.
Anyone know what happened to Greene? Way too young.
"While our offense is bad, I really enjoy how well our D plays even with how hurt they are."
So much pain.....
Lol shredded by something called Finley
Finley’s gonna get hurt with that let the kid throw
...
offense needs to show some life
What did we do to deserve this?
"Well, time to drink"
"Wipe that ""aww-shucks"" smile off Finley, TJ."
Imploding
"Alright guys, it's officially time to panic"
Did we really have to go 10-0? Like was it necessary?
We've had three weeks to adjust our gameplay.
Now come out and play pissed off man this is so disrespectful and embarrassing. We were 11-0!!!! Why are we playing like this
At this rate hopefully we go 3 and out so we can’t give them field position
"I feel like we aren’t going to blow them out... would love for Ben to prove me wrong here, but DAYUM we can’t move the ball for shit."
"I took my jersey off boys, maybe that’ll help. Idk this is fucked"
Literally collapsed so hard I don’t understand how this happened
Cincy is making this look easy for this themselves so far.
"Okay Steelers, come the fuck on (hoping this helps...)"
"The timing of Rowthlisberger’s “I want to play next year,” now has me a little nervous. Makes me think he knows his arm is cooked for the rest of this year and he wants one more run so he doesn’t go out like this."
This is..... Really bad lol
Pain. Sadness. Despair.
"Depending on how the rest of this game goes, it might be time for Ben to seriously consider retiring. If not, the front office is gonna have a hard decision to make, because it might seriously be time."
Hopefully our loss will prevent the Bengals from getting Sewell. Silver linings
The Colts are going DESTROY us.
"Good return by Ray Ray, but what the fuck was that camera angle?"
Why do you think our offense has regressed so much. Like there’s gotta be a reason
Where are the Muppets.
Juju has completely shot his young energy goodwill.
We have 4 total yards
"Don't forget that before our first two losses, at least 3 other games we had no right to win. Remember Haden bailing us out 2 games in a row with batted-down pass in the endzone with no time on the clock; remember the missed field goal to give us a win."
Maybe 3 yards and a cloud of dust football is actually our best offense
"watch 

they won't be able to get the 1 yard"
Now that’s how you use motion to establish the run
Look running the ball kinda works
So what you’re saying is they haven’t played this bad on offense since Chuck Noll.
Lmao 3rd n 1 short
LOLOLOL
"I mean, of all the problems we've shown over the last 3 weeks, clearly dancing pre-game is the biggest.  If he'd stop I'm sure the terrible QB, CBs and RBs would be better."
Holy shit! 5+ yard run!
The oline is really bad
Please go for it
Gotta go
😔
Horrible spot
"Snell smelled the first down, said “nahhh” not today."
Now this is the team ive expected since week 4 SMFH
"“Its 3rd and 1 what do you want to do?”

“Let’s go into the most obvious set possible and run it up the middle”"
Lmao. Still no first downs.
Go for it
#WE ARE RUNNING THE FUCKING FOOTBALL
"DeCastro gets destroyed pulling, but Snell running right into his ass is too funny"
Decastro stood straight up at the snap. Zero push.
As soon as we were short I said Snell up the middle and he'll be short
Holy fuck Benny you suck.
He got it on that dive.
"The offense is completely one-dimensional and predictable, and that starts at the O line regressing so heavily. We can't run block and we have to offload the ball quickly to help pass protection.

I'm sure the org has a better idea internally on what exactly the problem is there, but either we need to make big changes on the line, or Sarrett needs to be gone, or both. Maybe Fichtner too, but definitely the line."
motherfucker.
1 yard run them to death! That's the spirit!
Imagine pretending to be a physical team when you can't even run a qb sneak
Shit spots both time but he didn't get it
Can't get a yard you don't deserve to win.
That should be a flag.
great Stone hands Ebron is hurt now
WOW THAT’S NOT A FLAG
No flag...
No pi?
That was so fucking early.
Triple coverage wtf
Oh no
Chuks is a fucking terrible
"How do we even fix this offense? You can’t draft 5 o-linemen in one year, feels like we’re seriously wasting this defense."
">Dale Lolley

@dlolley_pgh
Ebron is up and walking off. Looks like he took a shot to the back"
Claypool was too far down the field. Ben knew he couldn’t hit him.
"First Juju now Ebron. Ben's killing hit targets 

This is not injury. At least doesn't seem like it"
whooooo weee mr mcgeee this looks bleak
Why the fuck are we going to pay Ben 41 million next year to do this shit?
Oh they'll call us for a false start?
Time to go to bed isn't it.
"Pouncey and Decastro got some push on that rush, everyone else was still at the LOS"
Ben is scared to get hit.
Thats the best run I've seen in weeks
Best run of the season
Thank god they figured out that running the ball actually is an option.
Great call there
They just can’t do anything right.
That was a stupid play call
It’s the same plays over and over.
Where the fuck is Vance going there lol. Runs past Lawson.
And there it is.
Lol
We need more bubble screens
yikes
Nah yeah take him out
Roethlisberger interception....Geeez Louise
Only time ben will give it to claypool
So Ben is benched now yes?
Meltdown.
I feel like we’ve tried that so many times with claypool and it’s never worked
these sweeps are predictable and stupid.
Ben has to be benched. now
Where’s Duck?
Dobbs plz
Why did I turn the game on
Well who would have seen that coming
I’m glad we managed to get an unsportsmanlike or personal foul.
It’s over
This is like a game of Madden and the Bengals game mode is set to easy lol
Pain
Does Ben not have eyes at all?
Bengals were waiting for this one and naturally Ben delivered
Embarrassing
Lmao what in the FUCK
Lol can’t wait to watch this all next year as well
This offense is a meme lol
Pull Ben. I don’t know what the fuck is going on
They deserve everything that’s coming to them. Wake the fuck up!
What a sorry ass offense. Just pitiful
Keep forcing the throws Ben. You asshole.
this game is over btw....the visible frustration on the steelers is a death nail and there's no Burfict to fuck it up for the bengles.
So what is Dobbs doing right now?
Bench. Him. Now.
"Ben, what the fuck"
Member when I got downvoted in the first quarter for saying to bench Ben? I member.
Put in Mason.
Rudolph should start the 2nd half
LMAO
He can keep going for all the Ben supporters. How many will it be?
Dude this team is DONE
Terrible jet sweep call. Hasn't worked in 2 months. Then Ben doing ben things. Gotta be better
get Duck in there
Best case scenario down 13 at the half
Retire Ben
He was itching to throw an int
Getting clowned by clowns
"Goodnight, sweet prince."
Well at least I won't have to take time of work for the playoffs
Hope we keep Ben next season. He's a HoF
"So, you think that getting destroyed by a 2 win team will light the fire?"
We were running well with Benny snell and do some stupid jet sweep? Wtf why. Do it till they stop it
Our defense is the new offense
"Alright, bench Ben please"
☹️☹️☹️
I think Mason could spot us 10-17 points
Life is pain
Rudolph time
They will never bench Ben (unless if it’s garbage time and we’re leading). Keep riding with him until we lose it all
Wish I was at the stadium so I could boo
I’m an utterly insane. I still believe in us.
rudolph or dobbs
absolute nightmare.
Welp time to play crusader kings 3. This game is beat.
Alright I’m accepting that I’m bad luck I turn on the game 2 minutes later Ben throws an interception and bengals get a touchdown. Time to turn it off.
I’d be pissed if I were on the defense
Damn it must be tough rn for the offense. That's crazy Bengals are killing us
The unraveling of this team is uncanny
OFFENSE ABOUT TO LIGHT IT UP
😪😵🤮😭
Offense/Defense. Both look like shit right now.
Pain
This is fucking DISGRACEFUL
If carolina isn't gonna use PJ walker can we have him.
"
I haven't seen a beatin' like this since somebody stuck a banana in my pants and turned a monkey loose"
when does the game start?
3 and out?
I just don’t understand how the Steelers have declined this much
"In frustration, I said they Steelers wouldn't win another game after the loss to WFT. Now, I'm going to contemplate suicide because I guess I was right."
I'm glad my pregame drink is peptobismol. Helps me stomach this garbage I'm watching.
Just have Ben launch 3 bombs and punt. See what happens. Who the fuck cares at this point
Just... wow. Ben is done
"They need to at least try to go deep bengals have their whole defense 15 yards from the line of scrimmage, there’s no window for any of the crossing routes"
pain.
"I never thought I would say this, but they need to bring Mason in."
Ita not ovee bur we need to put points up
^^^RUDY ^^RUDY ^RUDY RUDY
Its worse that its finley. Id be fine if it was Joe. But mf finley...?
Steelers one and done in the playoffs
43 yards 2 touchdown wtf
Even tho johsnon caught that wtf was that pass
"Got to see my Irish get blown out a couple of days ago, and now this?"
If they didnt put Mason in after that dreadful interception I don’t see it happening at all
Another bad throw behind the receiver
I think this is the first game maybe ever that I legit feel like throwing up from
Hopefully this speeds up some much needed firings at least. Probably not though.
Is Ben trying to kill his receivers
Lmao how the fuck did this team win 11 games
Ben’s cooked.
Diontae looking good again
"The Muppets probably have a better chance to score a touchdown than our offense does. Put them in, Mike!"
The folks that said Ben is going to get someone killed are right. High and over the middle? Asking for a disaster.
LMAOOOOOO
Ben is finally at positive yardage!
Lol at the taunting call
Of course it's offsetting.
It’s a Christmas miracle. We get to throw the ball again!
What a moron.
We could have infinite opportunities and still we would not win
Holy fuck the refs called a penalty
Unsportsmanlike conduct. The Bengals still might just pull a Burfict here
Ugh
and we throw the chance away
Yikes
If Ben stays in he'll have at least 1 more pic tonight.
Is Ben going to give us permission to panic now?
Jesus. Fucking. Christ.
we suck lol
Same plays over and over and over
I think we all know where the ball is going before the play starts
No turnover so progress
How much longer is Ben under contract for again?
The best play we had all night was Okafor late hitting someone. Shoulda hit him harder then high stepped
It has to happen a lot for me to beg for Mason but it's time
Pic 6 right here
Is Ben trying to imitate Brady again because I think he forgot once again that HE'S NOT BRADY (context: Brady had a 2nd half comeback vs. Atlanta)
"teams aren't even afraid of the intermediate pass. brees is proof you can be great 20 yards in, but it is impossible to be great 10 yards in."
Looks like a team that should be tanking for trevor
Our defense needs to make a play for us because our offense sure as shit can't. It really tells you something when we won't even take timeouts to try and stop the clock before the half and at least fucking try.
Rudolph better take the field
Has Ben ever been benched?
Atta boy Nelson!
Bengals will still get the ball back with time
Lmao can you imagine if we played the jets this year
I wish the Defense just let the Bengals stay on the field.  I can’t watch another possession. I can’t.
if we give up here like last week lmao
GET THIS MAN OUT OF THE FIELD
Who wants to take bets on what this next offensive drive looks like
Just take it to the half. This is pathetic.
Omgggg Ben.  So trashy tonight.
when it rains it pours
78 is terrible.
Just let someone else take a shot
Jfc.  Take a knee
Bahabahaaaaahhah
fucking clowns
"I can’t believe we’re running the clock out to go into halftime, just complete chicken shit"
This idiot ran out of bounds
I'm not even capping when I say this has been the worse half of offensive foot ever from the Steelers.
"I'm glad the Bengals called timeout.

I hate how lazy NFL teams are with end of half possessions. No don't kneel it or run out the clock, try to score. Especially teams that are losing and not getting the ball after the half."
"This is just sad. Not even mad, just completely sad."
Mike Tomlin has sayings.... but adjustments? What are those?
Good job going out of bounds there Samuels
Why run out you fucking moron ... end this shit show
Ben looks depressed
Did Berry make the pro bowl?
He went out of bounds lol.  Why not.
Tank for Trask? Or that BYU qb. That guy. One of them should be available when we pick. Right?
Might just say fuck it and watch old episodes of the Real World to end my night
Does Jaylen have any situational awareness?!
and Bengals receive kick off. gawd
Pain.
WOOF.  This is a tough one.
"Need a 3 n out and TD to start the half, anything less is unsatisfactory."
I was going to say second last because of nfc east but then realized we lost to Washington. So probably worst team in playoffs
I think the new Grinch musical is better than this shit.
"To be fair, Zac Taylor is an offensive genius"
Somehow I’ve been more critical tonight than Statler and Waldorf
What is happening?
"picked a bad year to buy my family new steelers gear for xmas. well, i thought it was a no brainer back when i bought it."
I didn’t know the score or anything about the game until now and all I can say is.....what the actual FUCK?????? Thanks for ruining my day....again
You need a turnover and a short field to even give the offense a chance.
"Honestly though I can’t be the only one who expected this to happen right? Like I get were 11-2 but we’ve kinda sucked in a lot of games all year we just won, and the last several games speak for themselves regarding the quality of play."
Ben/Steelers are playin possum. Will wait until playoffs to unleash new offense.
"+235 for Steelers win right now. Pretty weak for being down 17. If it gets to 400 with 10 min left in 3rd might pull the trigger

Edit- fuck me...shoulda pulled it at 235"
Let's get a pick 6!
did they really bench ben?
Ben looks like he’s gonna piss himself.
What's the over-under on a three-and-out coming up?
Good job D...now offense let's rebound.
"i havent been able to use my towel tonight, ,, pain"
My stream is as garbage as this game.
The offense owes it to the defense to put some points on the board already!
What why is Ben in? Noooo
Ben not benched
BEN FEELING DANGEROUS😳😳😳
Big Al is getting worked
Fuck Al having an awful game
"Never mind, the rudolph-lution has been delayed."
Maybe Ben and his wife are in a fight
AV is getting fucking killed every play.
I genuinely can’t give you a reason why he’s still in
"In last 7 halfs of football, the offense has scored 44 points. That isbarely a TD  to think they are going to score 24 is laughable."
You HAVE to pull him. Wrf was that throw.
Big AL playing like booty
SNELL IS SWELL
"Oh yeah, Chase Claypool is on this team"
Just give it to Chase from now on ok?
Please. Just give me one solid throw to claypool. At least let me save my fantasy team this week
Clay Chasepool
FEED MAPLETRON
Chase padding Ben’s passing numbers
Claypool needs to be that spark
Chase is electric sometimes
This what we need
Get angry let’s go!
OMFG
Thank god for Chase Claypool
There we go boys!
FINALLY
Who are these imposters
Wow just like that you are back in it
Nice I’ll take it but keep consistency going n no 3 n outs
There ya go!
LETS FUCKING GO OH THANK GOD
That throw was astounding.
Thank god. I needed that.
HERE WE FUCKING GO
Yep we’re definitely winning this game
Good thing they benched Ben..
What a ball from Ben there!
Let’s goooooo!!!! Ben actually looked decent there that’s what I’m talking about.
Is juju still in?
Hoorayyyy
Let's not forget that you can save 15% or more by switching to Geico
We got angry Ben now this should be good
I threw out my arm celebrating that
STEELERS NEEDED THAT. ITS TIME THEY HECK UP!!!!!!
Just like that
Was it really that fucking hard? Jesus. Felt more like Cincy gave up on that drive though. Honestly.
"One play. That's all it takes

More....please?"
Fuck why can’t we do that atleast a couple times in the first half
No quit
Fire Randy. The deep ball was probably bens idea
"Being an Indians fan, Terry Francona often says ""It isn't who scores first, it is who scores next."" Let's score next!"
A turnover would be siiiiiick
It may be a happy Festivus afterall.
now im kinda glad claypool didnt score there
We need some MINKAH MAGIC
9/10 times we bitxh about the WR screen pass. It worked that time and now we're all like wtf why don't we do that!
I’m just glad my man in here won his fantasy game only needing 3 points out of Ben.  That shit would have made me quit fantasy forever if it held up.
Bruh I’m feeling a TJ forced fumble.
Defense pick us up now
Need a turnover here... LETS GOOOO
"Aaron Donald can pass rush.

TJ Watt can pass rush and stop the run"
Fire EM up TJ
TJ the tiger king
Yeah baby! Run at TJ all night!
TJ is a grown ass man
Announcers throwing shade from 2017 at bengals.
I wish Tomlin and randy sphincter could explain to me why Vance isn’t the starting tight end. He is a great blocker and he uses his body to make catches. Ebron is faster sure....but his drops and poor blocking make him a liability
"Great timing, Sutton."
Feels like Mr. Momentum may be changing direction
"wow Sutton made a great play never turning his head, he read the WR perfect"
ITS A MOMENTUM SWING
God I love Sutton
LETS GO!
Wake up steelers! We have to ball out in this second half! Let's keep this spark burning!
"As hype as this as making me, I can’t help but be so confused by why we can’t play like this all the time."
Just need a FG on this possession. More screens to #11 and go routes for #18.
Get the fucking first you fucking dumbass
Find the sticks brother
Two back 3 and out on defense.  Let's fucking go offense get us some of those points again.
DJ has got to stop second-guessing himself
I really want to know what Tomlin said at halftime because it appears to have worked. I do know that I’m glad that whatever he said wouldn’t be directed at me though
Oh he’s throwing DARTS now
Dear god just get the first down
That was a really favorable spot. Then a nice catch.
If we win this game off of a FG I'm finally buying that Boz jersey
I'm telling you this is the turnaround of the team
TREVOR LAWRENCE TO THE STEELERS
[My bestfriend’s wife made this for my mom for Christmas. You’ll like it if you like Mandalorian.](https://imgur.com/gallery/rzScDKK)
BENNY! LETS FUCKING GO
I want to see a deep shot
LETS GO BENNY FOOTBALL!!
Thats the best run of the year
FUCKING RUN GAME RIGHT THERE
THATS BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
This game ...wow
Benny Snell!!
Good run blocking. Long runs. Who is this team and what have they done with the Steelers?
"what the fuck

&#x200B;

YOU GUYS WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS TEAM"
DJ is on fire man I love seeing him put in that effort
Who is that at left guard?
you kind of forget what good coaching can do
DIONTAES HANDS LOOK GOOOOOOOD.
TOMLIN IS OUR COACH
Wtf I love Snell now
Good blocking from Big Al. We need more
YES! YES! YES! HERE WE GO SNELL! HERE WE FUCKING GO!
A different team came out of that locker room. This crow is DELICIOUS
"DJ just made an incredible block into selling the pass, completely opened up the outside of Snell"
THE STANDARD IS THE STANDARD
When the fuck did we get a run game
benny snell football baby
Benny came to play!
so close
Dude on video before commercial looks lie fat ben
I will take that!
I wouldn't be mad going for it there but points are points. Defense with another big stop here!!!
This is some sort of divine intervention going on right now.
Well fuck there goes my 21-17 prediction after 3. Guess I'll have to settle for 24-17.
Would have loved a fake right there
Let's score next!
Lol member that one time we played like we were going to get blown out by the Bengals?
"Can tie it up now, let’s go"
Let’s gooooo
Tj looks rocked from tuitts headbutt
This guy just smiles
Do we few a sack tonight? Extend the record?
Tie it up
"If we tie or take the lead the Bengals are gonna get chippy as fuck.

Can’t wait."
"nice run, mcfarland!"
Why does ryan Finley look like he is smiling all the time
"Damn, they read that one"
2nd and 1.... run the ball idiots
Randy deserves literally no credit
Why would you stretch and extend a punt return and risk loosing it for an extra yard!?!?
[deleted]
Ben must be leading the league in knocked down passes
"""making some adjustments""

more like completely throw out the entire fucking offensive playbook"
Sneak the bitch
"DJ playing well and he’s injured, fucks sake"
Well fuck
We finally ha e a run game going and we still throwing it on a 2nd&1 🤦🏾‍♂️
AW FUCKKKK
Ben's gets off the ground like a 68 year old man lol
Good to see him moving. I thought that was pop goes the Achilles
Glad to see DJ walk off
So ridiculous
Fuuuuuck man
Yay another draw play
Benny smell
JFC
Can we please have just a couple of power runs for old time's sake?
Defense has no excuse here. They need to stop.
Defense needs to take it away
I don’t even know what happened there
MAKE A FUCKIN' PLAY!
You need to have Alualu in there. Marcus Allen just ate a guard cause the guard got a free release.
Thank god I’m a penn state fan so I’m just numb to pain at this point.
JESUS CHRIST ANOTHER FUCKING LINEBACKER
another injury? hope he is alright
MORE LB INJURIES?????
"That’s illegal in at least 5 states, with what Finley just did"
Allen had a dislocated shoulder
god dammit
That’s it for Linebackers now...soooo now what?
Who's the next man up?
Great throw by Finley there tbf
**pain pain pain pain pain**
Do we have a lb left?
Come on man!!!
"As long as the offense continues to look alive, I don't care if they lose this one, so long as there are no more injuries. Ridiculous amount at ILB"
He's back in???
**FUCK THE PUSSYCATS!!**
Defense can not fold now.
Man's looks conccussed
We need to force a turnover badly
"I hate gio bernard, feels like he always plays well against us."
Please
we need a stop
Bro fuck me
Jesus...
They are not going to let Finley throw an INT or get sack-fumbled.  They’ll run 3 times and kick the FG if they don’t get a 1st.
we need to get a pick or fumble
Jeesh Allen
Are you fucking serious?
What the fuck???? Tackle this son of bitch smh
Ughhhh
Cin going after Avery and Allen
They are running at Marcus Allen.
That’s that
Losing to this game manager QB...
Naive defense
Fuck this
Unbelievable
"
Back to not making tackles."
Why are we even playing this game? They clearly don’t wanna be there.
wtf defense
Fucking embarrassing. Downright awful.
Absolutely pathetic
How did we make adjustments to him running?
Pathetic
Unreal
Second coming of Vick
Jesus fucking christ. Our run D is fucking aids. Always have an eye on the QB. Fucking idiots.
What a joke
"well bois.. we already clinched playoffs, nothing left to do but just sit back and laugh"
why cant our defense and offense ever play well at the same time
They're a joke right now.
Where can we get a stud like this Finley guy?
12 minutes left stay calm
[You can pinpoint the moment my heart breaks in half](https://youtu.be/kUZiUORi3uQ)
Well that was depressing
"Don't be disappointed guys.  Ryan Finley is the GOAT passer and runner.  But we still got this. 






Lol........."
This offense is way too predictable as well. The Bengals know they’ll only run slants or drag routes and are pressing receivers hard
fucking useless
Highsmith getting exposed out here today. His size is not going to make him potent as a rusher.
We were in no way prepared for this game
The Dupree injury is the straw that broke the camel’s back.
How close do we need to be to his face?
Lmao Finley looking like lamar
Down 14 better stick them with the running game...
If they go 3 and out this thing is ovet
[deleted]
Run run pass
down 14 and giving the ball to benny freaking snell
Why am i still watching?
Sense of urgency please
Wow what a play call
Run it twice in a row down 14 in the 4th. What the fuck.
Good thing we’re running out the clock...
1st half not doing shit on offense and he refuses to run the ball.  Down 14.. let’s run it
What is this play calling now
who the fuck is calling runs down by 2 TDs...that's absolutely inexcusable
Get a TD here and Cincy is due for a turnover
"How many more late season collapses before Tomlin or the Rooneys finally start taking deserved criticism? 

They can't even beat a team with 2 wins and 10 losses. This is beyond pathetic. It's disgraceful."
Snell having a better game now.
You can't throw that Ben
That was beyond lucky OML
Bruh
I dont give af how this game goes. Benny gets the start till he loses it.
That would’ve been game over.
OH MY GAWD
WHAT THE F BEN TAKE HIM OUT
WHAT THE FUCK
That would've been the game thank Fuck
Snell = mvp
We got bailed out there
Dishing out straight dimes. Put that ball on a platter
Ben is so fucking done
Claypool did not know it was thrown his way
Next three throws better be in the EZ
I'd love for Vance McDonald to emerge from hibernation at some point
Why the fuck hasn't chase Claypool got the ball again?
So many injuries overall tonight
Hurry the fuck up
Does it look like Ben is babying an injured arm?
Ben probably not going to be proud of breaking 60k tonight
Batted ball #2.
Empty set on 2nd and 1. Of course.
Juju was open lol
Wtf was that?????
Wtf was that play? Fucking shit
Pathetic
The play call off the century
if we don’t score in the next like 3 seconds it’s game over
Our line is soft as fuckinn charmin
See you all in January
Margus Hunt is underrated af but still f that
This is the most predictable playcalling I’ve ever seen
Notice how Tomlin is just standing there doing nothing
We can NOT run the ball to the right
Saved by the DPI
Are we allergic to running on second down
Does Ben have the lead in batted down balls?
LETS GOOOOOO
ball was uncatchable. got lucky with the flag
Bruh fuck you randy
2nd and 1 is when that play should have been called Randy.
Fucking horrific
A little bit of urgency would have been nice. A pathetic effort is the only way to describe this game.
Jesus fuck that flag saved this game
Soooo fortunate for that.
OFFENSIVE LINE DO SOMETHING
"Tomlin: ""we have to do better. We have to execute"""
That DI might keep this game alive
Defense needs to actually tackle this drive...
Need a big steelers D stand
Finally a fucking PI.
Ok defense. Fucking get it back.
Now imagine our D hadn’t sleepwalked through that last drive and given up that tack on TD
Defense got a good rest. Its time for a big play from TJ
Maybe load up on the run D
"Defense is too depleted at the LB position, middle is wide open. We’ll see if they can get a stop, I’m not feeling it."
Not over boys let’s go
Time to shine D
I like the fact Benny is hyping up the big guys on the sidelines.
Need a huge stop here defense
Finley will not throw the ball
If Finely burns us I will be sad
If Finley runs for one yard on this drive I'm going to scream
Fin to get over eager throw a pick6 incoming
We need a take away
Pic now plz
Gonna be a run run pass series for bengals
Wish we had the bengals running game
Jesus fucking Christ the whole world knows they’re running the ball
Wow a QB sneak imagine that.
Running it down our throats
"if they keep running it, which they should, we are screwed."
Awful spot
Fuck you zebras
"Hits running back at the line of scrimmage, guy still gets 4 yards. Nice"
You have got to be kidding me
Probably a wrap. Fuck.
[deleted]
He cant even throw it away right 😂
Minkah stays home
Minkah. Nice tackle
"I really don't want OT, but we obviously cannot go for 2 if we get a TD. We just gotta score and hold them."
Once again defense showed up and the game is literally in the offense hands
FINALLY WE TACKLE THE QB ON A RUN
Corvette corvette
lol well
I think it's time for the moon over my hammy audible
welp
No mistakes. Force OT. Come on Ben.
what a fucking bum
Wtf is that
Offense is just bad
great drive
Ugh. I'm sad
Missing Ebron
The one dpi yo not call
Smh
Fuck this team
[deleted]
"Just kill me.

Also, may Cincinnati never get Penei Sewell"
Might as well start the post-game thread now
Can we veto the playoffs?
Cmon Ben at least give him a chance
What an embarrassment
😎 It's Matt Stafford time...
Steelers Bungled
Apparently we are a terrible 11-0 team
JuJu on that beat.
Still can’t stop the run
We not even bothering with that last time out?
[removed]
God I hate sports sometimes
Sadly we need to retool the offensive line and QB needs to be addressed. Couple of down years for these receivers incoming.
I wonder if Tomlin will let Roethlisberger take the field? Why risk him taking a hit?
Just disappointed. Really not much else to be said.
This team has no discipline
Fuck
"I don’t want to give up, Im not n thinking I don’t watch, we’ll be better, I left 20min, we scored, came back, 4 n out game over..."
"SMH. That’s why you don’t act like an asshole and disrespect a team by dancing on their logo, PREGAME no less. You’re off back to back losses, one to a sub .500 team and you feel the need to show off pregame? Come on man, act like you’ve been there before.

Tomlin needs to instill some fucking discipline. I’m not one of those guys who has a hissy fit because Tomlin is not screaming all the time like Cowher. Nor am I one of those “they should have no fun” types. But this shit is symptomatic of a larger problem. Dropped passes, needless, unforced penalties, December/January meltdowns, locker room drama aired to the media, playing down to lesser competition. All this shit has been common place in the Tomlin era and it all comes down to a lack of discipline. I know Mike gets really pissy when the term is used but stop behaving like a player’s coach and people will stop calling you one."
"Jesus Christ you people, he’s fucking dancing. Dancing. If you have a problem with having fun while living out your dream career you can suck a dick. Next thing we’re gonna start doing is banning rock music in the locker room cause it’s “satanic”."
Juju.... do another dance.
"I can't help but blame the Goodell and the NFL for our team falling apart ever since the Raven's game. Like you should have made them forfeit and now we went from a SB favorite to dead in 4 games. The lack of consistent guidelines this season is honestly disgraceful, I'm pissed."
It’s game if they score the offense is too inconsistent and the defense is officially broken
That was for tiktok juju
"The second this dancing on the logo shit gets talked about Mid-game like it just has been, it needs to end. 

I’m all for fun, but it’s a storyline that’s not going to go away until it stops and it’s already fucking annoying."
looking at that 3 times how was it not targeting and how did they not say one thing about that
I’m rooting for the bengals. Steelers need to know they’re the worst team in the north before thinking about playoffs.
Bench this idiot. Pathetic.
damn how jujus own team fan base hates him
"Don't trip yet.  Obviously 3 scores against the ass Bengals at the half is bad.  But the steelers are no doubt 17 points better than the Bengals.  They can make this up. It's sports, it happens."
You can’t spell bench without BEN.
Gonna lose the division to the Browns... LMFAO.
Can’t wait to see jujus tick tock tonight
"Sooo, I expect to see no juju tik toks on logos lol."
"Steeler fans.. know we gave this game away. Considering we had mad turnovers in the first half, gave up some bad run plays by the QB in the 2nd half. Not saying we are super bowl champion quality.. just saying we have a chance in the playoffs. It ain’t over"
Steelers are on fire!!! Literally burning down
I hate redditors
"JuJu Instagram had 0 effect on ben fucking this game, you people are fucking toxic and I hope we lose just so you can all shut the fuck up toxic cunts"
is it weird that i want Rudolph in
"Bench Ben. Stop letting fichtner call the plays. Let any random person in the crowd play at wide receiver.

Three things that would INSTANTLY give this offense a major boost."
We might get shut out
God this team sucks
Petition to ban TikTok for players?
Actually snell was never down. He should be free to run
That’s dpi come the fuck on.
Three plays in a row with horrible spots
Ben is a trash heap and Tomlin's idea of coaching is saying meaningless phrases and yelling at guys to execute.
"REVIEW TAPE, TALK TO YOUR QB COACH, CHECK IN WITH THE OC, TALK TO YOUR RECEIVERS NAH HE JUST GONNA POUT LIKE A BITCH

BITCH BEN"
Looking forward to the Carson Wentz Steelers going 4-12 next year.
Tomlin: “I don’t care if we lose out the rest of the season. I have another non losing season”
"If it’s a four possession game going into halftime, you gotta bench Ben and send a message. The performance by this offense is the as bad, and probably worse than anything we saw last year. Not blaming Ben or the coaching staff or anyone, this is just outta hand"
Steve Levy just is the worst mf announcer he never has a single interesting thing to say
He can walk so he can play
Cincinnati is basically Kentucky. Fuck Kentucky.
That moment when your getting FUCKED by ryan finley🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Oof that's soft no lie
[deleted]
At least the rams can rest easy seeing this upset. 14.5 point favorites. Lmao. 11-0 to 11-6 so fast you’ll miss it.
Lost to a 2-10-1 team. This team absolutely blows right now
"Hit on the throw... 


Matt stafford ain't making plays getting hit like that either"
Who cares what record we end with we still going out in divisional round 💀
WHOS EXCITED FOR DAYS OF OUR STEELERS TO COME BACK?!
Anyone who said bring in Rudolph is a clown who doesn’t know wtf they’re talking about
"This is not a deep playoff team and anyone who says “you’re overreacting” needs to be realistic. We can’t dominate the fucking Bengals with a backup QB, RB, and WR. Give me a fucking break. This team will lose in the first round of the playoffs. This team needs to be rebuilt and a new OC would help."
The boomers are really coming out in droves tonight huh?
Ben is done. Idk why people in here refuse to see it. Dude needs to do the Steelers a favor and retire at the end of this season
Now you understand why nobody took Steelers serious all year.
11 drops.  Holy shit Diontae...
"I think we will have a kick,off or punt returned for a TD tonight. One can hope right? :-)"
3 and outs is not what they want. Who would have guessed
Now I remember why I don’t come into these game threads
He got fucking pushed? And no flag? WHAT THE FUCK??
I don’t understand why we can’t run like that
The Steelers are def the worst offense in Football.
Can we put in a backup QB while Ben works on his throw?
Ben has gotten worse as the year as went ok....or as defense figured he was only throwing short
"I called it, we can't even complete a fuckin pass...this offense is more fucked than Ms Gangbang 1987"
We want to be more physical. Calls passes on 5 of first 6 plays. Fincher sucks.
No separation by the wideouts so far. Making it to easy for the Bengals secondary.
am I crazy or could ray ray have fair caught and scooped the ball up instead of losing us another ten yards?
"That punt landed on the 34 while Ray Ray watched it hit then bounce to the 19...WTH, dude, fair catch it at least!!"
"*HOT TAKE* * BEN HOMERS BEWARE* 

Look I love #7 as much as the best guy and this isn’t an over reaction from the first two drives, let’s be serious this has been going on for months- A more likely way to the 7th Lombardi is to get one of the free agent or fringe QB’s that will be available next season. Ben just doesn’t seem to have the juice anymore"
Big Ben optimists WYA?
Fucking retire Ben you fat fuck. You SUCK
Literally the most pathetic start to a game offensively that I can remember. I have no interest in watching this shit.
[deleted]
Bengals defense celebrating like they won
I just wanna remind you all that this is the team that probably will get the third pic overall
if they get a td we're done. we cannot score more than 7 points
Anybody hear Aqib Talib in the booth yesterday? Who thought that was a good idea? Holy shit
Elite Benjals D?
Hate to say it but this offense is trash. I hope they can turn things around.
Imagine if Ben could make those throws.
Bench Ben.
"Just texted Landry Jones


Motherfucker left me on read"
Retaliation for the logo
That looked like a fumble
Claypool was wide open middle of the field
Vonn Bell with that sweeet sweet chin music
Leading with the crown?
"No running-game and Ben playing like a dunce = one and done in the playoffs. There is something wrong with Ben's arm, he's probably just to proud to admit it. Bench this fat-fuck."
Put Rudolph in or do fucking something
BENch
Definitely fumble but caused by helmet to helmet. That being said offense is ASS
Really need an OLine if we want to go any further. Hard to have any sort of offense when one part of it is non-existent.
"Can’t go 3-and-out if you lose it before 3 downs are even complete 

* head tap GIF *"
I wonder if the game callers like jujus dancing or not.........
Y’all need to stop complaining. The standard is the standard of course.
It’s a miracle we are only down to 3-0
"The better quarterback is wearing orange tonight, and it’s not even close. This offense, top to bottom, is absolute fucking trash. Just put us out of our misery"
We losing this game lmao
11-5...... idk how we are even gonna be this good.
I can’t wait to hear how many of you will still defend Ben to the death tomorrow
How isn't that a fucking flag??????????????
"Allergies:


Catches


Running


First downs"
Welp kiss next year goodbye as well cause of Bens cap hit
Pour another one...or seven
"You have a wr whose been nicknamed after one of the best of all time. He is 6’4 and fast. So, naturally, don’t throw to him when he’s open but throw a short slant. Please. By all means"
That was PI
Now 4 calls that were blantent. We know the name of the game.
Refs and Ben: YOU DONE FUCKED UP A-A-RON!
Ben is going to get someone killed.
Maybe our coaches haven’t told our players that we suck yet
FEED BENNY SNELL
twerking on that first third down coversion
Has that play ever worked?
"Hey Ben, 

Love you. 

Don’t come back next year."
....bench ben?....
Tomlining 😎
mason would be better at this point lol
Gotta consider benching Ben. It’s time.
So you guys don’t want trubisky
Big Ben’s arm is shot
"Cool guys, picking sideline fights will get this thing on track"
Bye Ben see ya
Someone get Ben outta there. Hot garbage.
okay fuck Ben for that holy shit
Big Ben is garbage.
I finally had enough. First game i’ve turned off all season.
"Please tell me more about how this offense is the fault of the OC and not the fucking players for being trash lol

Ben better leave that coat on."
hey Ben just an fyi...you're not coming back next year.
The Tik Tok Steelers
"Go ahead and tell me to pass on the playoffs. 

This team is compete fucking trash. Fuck them."
Need to sit Ben at least a drive show him he had to earn the right to play
Even *our* defense can't be good when our shit offense can't give them a breather at all
just go to Rudolph or wildcat or fuck knows what else. Can’t be worse than what we’ve seen
"It’s the thirst-, thirstiest time of the year 


I have just one query: wanna Sprite Cranberry?


The answer is clearrrrrr"
Obviously he's a steeler legend but are you guys excited that he wants to keep playing after this year....
"Dude, What happened to Ben? He was playing okay earlier in the year"
Put Rudolph in.
They are throwing to play the bills. I'm very serious.
This is an embarrassment.  I guess Tomlin is just happy to be in the playoffs and not needs to win in them
"https://twitter.com/bengals/status/1341202114136207365?s=21

Honestly I can’t even be mad. That’s a W lol"
Looks like the steelers are the receiver of the refs wrath this week
What happened to your team? I don’t think I’ve ever seen regression this bad before
"I don't even want that flag, juju deserved that"
Its about fucking time they flagged these assholes for **something**
Long tradition of stupid fucking Bengals cbs.
Boneheaded ass move by that guy
Bens pretty trash but the cincy D is lock down
I want to be angry but I also want to be rational but I also want to binge eat two pounds worth of deer jerky
"All of Twitter and Reddit is going nuts talking about juju disrespecting the bengals and them embarrassing the Steelers, lol it’s trending topics 🤪"
Oh my god this is like a complete bumblefest! Y’all they really are better than this. They needed a break and never got one. This is the result. F2020
Run it on 2nd and 22 nice
Is Samuels mentally challenged?
Lmfao this is comical
STOP THE POINT-COUNT!
"I hate to say it but Ben is looking a lot like Eli did in his final season. Crazy how fast he has declined. Can only hope he can get over this, and make one final run."
Lol I got downvoted earlier this game and I’m going to say it again. I think we take a shot at Trey Lance this draft.
We need a QB. For real.
[removed]
BEN THE DUCKING GOAT
BEN > MAHOMES
"Wow running outside the tackles, someone should tell James Connor he can do that too"
My fault. I watched the whole first half. Turned it off. Saw you guys saying they were playing well. Turned it back on and they suck.
We’re gonna be one and done in the playoffs
Wtf are we doing? How the hell are we actually losing to a 2 win team?
The announcers really are deep throating the bengals
Williamson is very soft
Shameful performance by our defense in second half.
The defense is clearly tired. Spent so much time on the field already.
"Honestly, it’s 10d chess if we’re sandbagging until the playoffs to catch our wild card opponents off guard"
"False starts are so obvious, thanks ref"
Tinfoil curtain
PLEASE STOP SMILING PLEASE STOP SMILING PLEASE STOP SMILING PLEASE STOP SMILING
They were going to throw.  How did the coaching staff not see that.  The Bengals had no interest in watching Finley turn it over.
Lol this is on the offense.
Highsmith is ass
Fucking embarrassing.They don’t even look like they want to win this game. They deserve to be bounced in the first round.
"Boys next year we have Burrow, Jackson, and Mayfield.   This division will always be a slugfest.  Fuck the records this is afc north football"
Blame Ben or Blame Tomlin?
Fuck it. Score a TD. Go for 2.
The clock didn't stop when he went out of bounds?
Ben looks so fucking scared
Reminder that Lamar Jackson can’t throw
Burn all that clock to try and throw a pick?
Ben status: ~~finished~~ ~~not finished~~ finished
God damnit Ben. Juju was open for a touchdown too
Ben looks like a fucking bean bag trying to throw a football tonight
A football-themed tiktok ad after blasting JuJu’s tiktok all night you really can’t script it any better lol
Why do they care about Connor? All he does is get hurt.
"Season status: ~~super bowl~~, ~~bust~~, ~~super bowl~~, bust"
Ref balled lol
Gimme that Flacco special
We needed that bailout so bad
hopefully the defense got a good rest
Hey. Ben ran under center and Snell got a TD. How odd.
A run on 3rd & 1 after running a pass play on 2nd & 1. What awful play calling holy shit
So how we feel about the offense this drive. I’m not feeling confident
This fkn game givin me the nervous farts.
Quadruple coverage means someone was fucking open you moron
Ben is a fucking idiot
They deserve this.
Claypool doesn’t high point the ball as much as he should with his size
"why the fuck would anyone cast Tebow in an ad

dude was a joke and a washup"
These ten seem impossible to achieve.
Not a single fucking yard
GG Bengals. You deserve the win. We dont even deserve the division at this point. Ill always ride with the Steelers but for the past 3 years iv seen this team time and time and time again come up stagnant in December. Last year we had the playoffs on the line and lost to a 2 win Jets team... the Year before a 2 win Raiders team and now a 2 win Bengals team. Luckily we already clinched. I dont have a whole ton of confidence next week when we face the Colts. Our offense made the Bengals defense look like the legion of boom. Look what the Bills did too us. I see similar results on the horizon. Also Randy for the past 3 years has been our OC. I think its time we let him go what hes doing is inexcusable.
Offensive line is garbage Al and Chuks fucking suck
"GG division

Take an o-line man first and second round maybe get a qb 3rd

Okorafor can’t block shit"
What the fuck happened to this team
"Ok.  Save this comment, haters.

Steelers lead 21-17 at the end of the 3rd. Come eat crow when I'm right or I'll happily eat it if I'm wrong. 

This isn't over.  Chill."
We're 5 minutes into the first quarter. Y'all need to chill
My man should stop the dancing 🤦🏼‍♂️ I love him hyping the team up but its just a shitshow
"Just put in Rudolph so that we can have a better excuse for losing this game. Give us a fall guy, and best case he ends up playing good enough to beat the Bengals."
How do you not get this team motivated to clinch the division?  Against the Bengals no less. Coach seats need to be hotter than lava in the off season.
"For the Tomlin defenders, how do you explain this meltdown and complete failure to change our gameplan over the last month?"
i find it crazy how last season everyone begged for ben to be back now everyone will be begging for rudolph to be back
These are the Steelers. 10-0 was not the Steelers.
lets be real Ben wasn't going to stay consistent this long.
It feels like too little too late.
Chase plays football like soccer.
honestly i hope this team crashes straight into the ground. hopefully it means ben retires and we get randy the fuck out of town. i've seen 8 year olds on madden run more inspired offenses.
The Titans also lost to the Bengals mm
"11-3 and people are ""done being fans"" lmao grow up. Would you rather be the Jets? These fans are so spoiled. 

These last 3 games sucked. But football is crazy you never know what will happen. Least they looked slightly better in the 2nd half. Best they've looked in weeks."
Tomlin better get these fuckers in order and Juju better stay the fuck off social media for the next 2 months.
I’m sick of this Tik Tok shit every week
The racist West Virginia steelers fans actually somehow blaming this game on Tomlin when this is squarely on Ben.
"Are you ficking kidding me with that Bills crowd welcoming the team back?  What the actual fuck, i didn't t know covid was gone."
"Ben, thank you for the amazing memories. I think it’s time to hang up the cleats though bud."
Tomlin is gonna let Ben take another Wednesday off cause he literally has no control over his players
If only Juju would have stayed off tiktok we would have won!!
We’re gonna get dashed by GIOVANI FUCKING BERNARD????
"Doomers out early tonight, eh?"
We are going 11-5
"Jesus, what’s with everyone shitting on Ben? He’s led us to 11 wins so far this season, there’s a very good chance he’s playing through an injury right now"
They really are a bunch of fucking frauds. What a shame this fan-fucking-tastic defense is being wasted for this fucking abortion of an offense.
You can say we should’ve kept Bell or AB or anyone but the problem is at the QB
Ben is completely washed up. Dude needs to get on the TB12 method or something. Brady is 43 and still lighting it up.
"I'm not saying Ben is bad or Rudolph is good and should be playing, but I honestly think the Steelers offense would look better with Rudolph in right now. 

Some of these throws are insane. His arms look like they're both broken."
This is expected tho right? I mean the Benjals have been elite this year. People are making too big of a deal of one game
Jujus gotta stop dancing on people’s logos
You know it’s bad when people want Rudolph in haha
"Leading with the helmet? Helmet to helmet contact? Nah, calls like that clearly don’t exist."
Maybe he’ll stop with the Tik Tok dances after that hit.
Bad juju for juju dancing on the logo.
TF THATS A FUCKING BURFICT KIND OF PLAY
"How the hell do people think that was jujus fault? The ball was thrown to him, at least he fucking caught it unlike other pass catchers we have."
kevin greene is looking down at the steelers rn and loling
I'm about to go to bed. This team is such a waste of time. Worst 11-0-start-team ever.
"Hey, Ben. How about you fucking do something for us on offense? If anyone genuinely thinks we survive the playoffs then you are delusional. At least when we ran the gauntlet from the wild card we had some sort of producing offense."
"Steelers fans be like:

FICHTNER'S FAULT WE CAN'T RUN.

People who know football be like: ""Well if the offensive line implodes every time then..."""
Fire fichtner and trade for Darnold
Juju really gotta stop dancing on logos
I love you Ben and everything you have done for this team. But I am ready for you to move on my guy. It’s time for someone new.
How about we stop bitching and get the motherfuckers moving! These are our guys!
[deleted]
"Bring in Rudolph, he can’t play worse than Ben at this point. Ben has hit the bengals players hands more than he has his own receivers"
We're an 11-2 team currently LOOSING! To an 2-10-1 team. WTF!!!!
"Dobbs , go get it"
"Guys, this is all because of Juju's dancing"
would it be better to go 11-0 and then humiliate ourselves until the end of our season or go 1-15 and get landry fields or lawrence if we got lucky? I'd rather sit through a year of losses to feel like we have a future than watch this. I'm a Spurs fans and this reminds me of rolling with DeRozan and Aldridge for a tenth seed. lol
Anyone still want to claim that Juju's dancing has no effect on the other team? I'll wait
Please for the love of all that is good & holy bring in Rudolph.
[deleted]
Bench Ben
Y’all think the Steelers are gonna get any points tn?
"I’m beyond done with Ben. 
Fumbled the snap. 
Throws to juju when it’s clear he’s gonna get lit up and had claypool wide open. 
Throws a pick. 
Ben is a fucking bum."
We really miss Dupree.  I know you can say defense isn't the problem.  But Dupree was a playmaker.  He could at least get the quarterback to make a bad interception and it would change the feel of the game.  We lack that now.  That's what Vonn Miller did for the Broncos when Peyton Manning was at the end of his career like Ben is now.
Anybody else excited for the NBA at this point? I’m just ready to get off this roller coaster
"So who you guys want? Run it back with Ben? Mitch Trubisky? Can I interest you in Wentz? Nick Foles? 

Maybe the Packers shit the bed and Rodgers gets mad and demands a trade. Pretty sure he hates the Packers so that could be cool."
"Ben needs to swallow his pride and retire. Romo knew when it was time, so should Ben"
cowardly effort by d on this drive......pussies
[deleted]
Fuck Keith butler mike Tomlin and Randy Fichtner for wasting so much talent over the years
"Time to hang em up, Ben. That’s just atrocious."
"Retire Ben, ffs ....

😢"
PI LORD OMG
"The actual called PI on the last Steelers TD was a pretty meh call, the non call there was bad so guess it all evens out"
bens fucking garbage.
This week on DAYS OF OUR STEELERS
Can juju stop dancing to give every other team more reason to want to win?
Juju is cursing you guys
"Here is my issue with Juju. Maybe he sees the dancing on the logo as harmless, but other teams don't. The Titans gathered on the Ravens logo earlier this season and it created a ruckus between both teams. 

What he does *is* disrespectful to other teams and it hurts our team and creates a distraction while putting a target on his back. Yet he is so vain, so enamoured with himself he can't find it in his heart to stop doing this for the good of his team.

That's what hurts. But hey, who am I."
This was the worst 11-0 team in history
Let’s go Ben! How about practicing more than once a week!!!
[deleted]
"Ben should not return next year and that's a reality we need to face. The Steelers should draft a QB this year (maybe Mac Jones or Kyle Trask) and go from there. This team isn't going very far if Ben continues to play like this. Ben is at the end of his career, period."
Mason or Duck? This offense is demoralized.
Juju should dance less and learn how to hold onto the ball.  Pop! 😂
"The logo dancing is fucking retarded. If I was a defender, I would look to light up that fucker and knock the tik tok out of him. Jesus fucking Christ I’m heated just for stupid dancing"
"Member when we were worried about that the team didn't look great despite being undefeated, and people told us to STFU? I member"
I'm all for our guys headhunting now if the refs are going to keep letting these bastards get away with it
"You’re playing a young, raw rival team that has two wins in December and absolutely nothing to lose. Why on Earth would you brag all week about how you are going to dance on their logo and then provoke them by doing it? And why on Earth would the coach not put his fucking foot down about it? You trying to motivate this team to play their asses off for pride?"
The best thing Ben can do for this city is retire.
I’m convinced it’s not Randy’s fault anymore. I’m so sorry. Please don’t leave us
"Ok, I am done.  I may check scores on ESPN to see if we make a game of it, but this is just hard to watch right now."
[deleted]
"I bet $827 on the Steelers winning the first half. Thought it was a lock, but this team keeps fucking me"
To all of you guys saying “hE DanCEd oN tHE lOgO” like this is not the reason the bengals are playing their superbowl right now clearly never played the sport. This fanbase would burn down Pittsburgh and strangle a player with a Terrible Towel if they dared to dance on your logo pregame.
"Look, I understand scoring a TD in the NFL is an *incredibly* difficult thing to do.  

But do we really need to see the Busby Berkeley dance routines 

in the end zone after each and every one ...?  

Spiking the ball triumphantly, pumping both fists, 

high fives all around, back slaps, helmet slaps, I get that.  

Just sick and tired of the ""Dancing With the Stars"" bullshit."
"4th quarter opinion: I'm not mad if we lose. I'm not depressed. It happens and I feel lucky to be a fan of a team that made it through this season with 11 wins with zero run game and butterfingers galore.

I love the steelers and always will.

I also remember 2005-2006, when we made it to the playoffs (just barely) and only survived the Colts thanks to a shoe string tackle of Nick Harper (who was stabbed by his girlfriend din the thigh the night before) by Big Ben when Jerome coughed it up.

Shit.refresh my memory...did we make it to the Super Bowl that year?"
Ben is so washed up. This is scary.
Kevin Greene looking down and shaking his head :\
Sportcenter not even calling out the illegal hit on  JuJu ffs.
What was Ebron's injury...a vagina pull?
Imagine if management told Ben fuck your feelings we need a QB for the future and drafted someone like jalen hurts or Lamar Jackson.
Karma for juju doing the logo dance bullshit. Tomlin needs to shut that down but never will
Where are you apologists? Where are you “oh it’ll be ok” people? How about the “you’re all bandwagoners” assholes? This is what we are! You idiots!
you pussys done crying now
"Do you guys honestly think our guys aren't trying to win?  What do you think our guys are doing? We've lost so many people  these past 4 games due to injuries. Add to that we got shafted with a  Week 4 Bye and no break during Thanksgiving and having 3 games in 12  days. Our guys are exhausted but they are still out their busting their  ass. Don't act like our team is entirely to blame for our shortcomings  lately - that turns a blind eye to the reason it occurred.

Anyone who says I'm whining, I don't care if we win the SB or not. I'm here for football to take me away from the bleak outlook of the world today. So quit with those ""you're a child"" hot takes. Shit happens and this shit DID effect us, you are wearing rose colored glasses if you think otherwise lol"
Wild how washed ben is
This tiktok shit is so cringe
Hate to say it but Colin Cowherd is right about us.
This stupid fuck was actually dancing on the logos again?!? After last week?
Maybe the Bengals D wouldn’t be so fired up if we didn’t have a fucking Tik Toker dancing on their logo
"Tell me again which team has 11 wins? Cos I can't tell. Juju needs to quit fuckin dancing and start catching balls. Ben is throwing like Wentz. ""Mapletron"" aint doing shit. Even if when we make playoffs we gonna be one and done playing like this."
"And people in the sub said I was crazy overreacting for saying they finish 11-5, losing last 5 games.

~~Ravens~~ Browns gonna be handed the AFCN.

10 win streak since 2015 over Bengals gone.

Might as well be one and done in playoffs. Can't even knock off a 2 win team.

Edit: team correction"
"This has been one of the most embarrassing nights of my life as a Steelers fan.

It doesn’t help that JuJu makes himself an easy target dancing like an idiot for TikTok before games.

Fuckin A what a rough night."
"He fucking deserved that. “I’m just being myself” No, you’re pissing these defenses the fuck off"
Juju needs to work on catching rather than dancing on teams logos lmao
Ben you fucking cunt just fucking retire
Score predictions?? 31-14 Steelers
[removed]
Stop trying to make the muppets happen. It’s never going to happen.
"Ben is bad man....

Edit: on the deep ball"
Ben has zero arm strength
So pretty clear nothing has changed
Juju wide open...why does ben want DJ so bad
First play of the game and it's severely underthrown and almost picked off...not good.
Did Derek just take himself out?
Watt just knocked himself out
OH MY FUCKING GOD LETS OVER REACT AFTER 3 PLAYS
"Good to see we’ve changed up our play calling. Deep ball, run on 2nd and long and a short pass on 3rd and long. We have a bottom 3 OC lmfao"
He got ko'd. Protocol time
Why can’t we run the ball like that?
Lead him way too much and not enough power behind the ball.
Bad throw
I can’t stand the color commentator.
Y’all think Ben is washed?.
OMG I WAS FREAKING OUT CAUSE I DIDNT KNOW WHERE IT WAS IT WAS IN ABC BUT ITSAID THE FUCKING BACHELOR WAS ON
"Goddamnit, just one of these games huh smh"
Do you guys want trubisky
"I always say this team makes me want to jump off a bridge, but now I'm actually gonna do it."
The season is literally crumbling before our eyes
Terrible route.
We’re losing this game too.  Our offence is brutal
"Then one foggy Christmas Monday, Tomlin came to say “Rudolph with your head so big, won’t you throw a pass tonight”?"
Retire after the game Ben
"I never thought I’d say this, but bring in mason lmao"
Ben is awful just awful sorry to say
Jesus fuck Ben get it together
What the fuck happened to us / Ben ?
This is last years team
"I'm about to go play cyberpunk. As bad as that game is, still probably gonna be more fun than this turnout."
"One more bad series from Ben, I gotta say bench. Before Ben was doing good balls and the Wideouts were dropping...but now? WTF is up"
Big Ben is gonna throw like 4 interceptions tonight huh?
So who's looking forward to the playoffs? ✋
Play calling is still trash and Ben looks terrible.
"On the bright side, if our offense plays poorly like this, they HAVE to fire Fichtner, right?"
"Stop dancing on there logo, you deserved that juju"
This is one ugly game so far and you expect it from the Bengals.  Is this a case of Steelers playing down to their opponent or are the Bengals that hungry and stoked for a division rival?   Right now it's the Ben show and he could be much better.
Bengals need to bury us. We don’t deserve it and the Steelers need to know they aren’t even the second best team in the afc north.
How did this team win 11
Helmet to helmet hit there
Ben hung him out to dry right there
He lowered his head and made contact with his helmet first.
"Less dance practice, more football practice."
11-2 or 2-11
"Fuck those refs, that was incomplete"
Juju needs to stop this dumb shit.
It would be a huge mistake letting Big Ben be the QB to start next year. He’s aged 40 years in these last 4 weeks. Unreal decline.
We have more fumbles than first downs.
Let samuels run...
Bench Ben
So boys how do we stay positive about this team at this point? I’m out of nice things to say and my hope for the team is gone so I’m gonna need your guys help.
Bad first quarter. Let’s adjust.
Have we swung from COTY to “fire Tomlin” yet? lol
"Man fuck this QB up, if he’s gonna keep running. Pop his ass"
This is embarrassing.  Do they care?
Ben washed
Ben seriously needs to get his shit together this drive. That first quarter was worse than Mason and Duck
Unleash hell in December!
Tomlin is getting schooled by Zack Taylor lol
"I mean this is typical Steeler play in Cincy.....If your leaving, it better only be to get your popcorn ready."
I laugh because we don’t deserve a playoff spot at all. But the team that we’ve pushed out is... the ravens hahah. Kinda nice to think about in all of this chaos
Is Ebron pulling a Limus Sweed?
No fucking flag? Really?
Wow that shoulda been picked off too
Ben is gonna get our entire offense killed
Jesus christ bench him before he gets these guys killed.
Way to put Ebron in position to get hurt Ben
Bens arm is a fucking wet noodle
Ben's main aim is hospitalise all the options and then say he had no one to throw to
Ben needs to fix his mind. He's not the same as he was even two seasons ago. He hasn't had a good read once this game.
I miss Munchak
so when does ben bench himself? because that would be the only leadership move he could make this week
"If Ben’s excuse is his knee, then sit him until week 17 or the wild card. 

If he is healthy, sit him and get Rudolph reps because he’s washed."
Ben is gonna get our entire O killed. Just hang em up if you don't wanna do it anymore man
"Joe burrow would demolish this ""team"""
My god this offense is offensive. how did we devolve \*\*\*this\*\*\* hard?
diontae caught it?
So kicks to the face are legal now.
DJ actually working to get better. JuJu Tik Toking pre game. Get rid of that clown JuJu immediately
I think we gotta sit Ben...
"Fuck this QB. Fuck this offensive line.

Losing to the worst team in the NFL. 

Fuck this."
Just kill me
Ben has wanted to throw an interception so much this game.
Thats it Bens shot done washed old doesnt have it
He’s seeing ghosts
Am I actually going to turn off this game before halft8me?
BENCH BEN NOW
Ben fucking blowwwwws
Get Ben the fuck out of there.... this is unacceptable
Ben playing like he’s fucking high as a kite.
If he's not benched theres nothing else to say
Ben said this week he felt like he still could help this team win games. If he’s going to play like this just please bench him and retire. Right now is not helping at all and defenses don’t respect him anymore. I’d rather lose with the scrubs who have zero expectations.
Put me in. I threw better than this in powderpuff in college.
"Alright, let’s go Browns!  Who’s with me?"
Fraud ass team
"Put me down as one of the ""I don't want to see Ben again"" people"
What a fucking smooth brain. Fuck you okorafor
I still have faith in Ben but I need the whole IC Light brewery for this game
When was the last time the Steelers played this bad in a half?
Current Ben is not enough good enough to be the 3rd string on any NFL team.
I'm ready to be absolute garbage for an elite qb pick.
Looks like Steelers don’t want to make it to playoffs.
Rudolph has to play the second half. Ben isn’t the guy tonight. He’s done.
I hate mason but I would take him at this point
This team is so fucking soft at every position it’s a miracle they won 1 game let alone 11
Avery Williamson has cursed this team.
Sign kapernick
This is funny right?
Bench every last one who didn't show up to play. Hit the locker room. Play with 12 total.
"If we lose, how much are those damn Muppets to blame?"
"It’s ok everyone, Tomlin won’t make any changes at half!"
Ok I was trying to stay positive but JFC...put Mason in
I don’t understand people saying that Ben doesn’t care or that he’s blaming everyone else? I’m sure he’s pretty upset with this performance
"Anyone else remember seeing people speculating that we're ""saving stuff for the playoffs"" lol"
Remember how many people in this subreddit were upset when this team didn’t get “the respect it deserves”
Ben needs to pull a Vontae Davis.
Ben needs to retire. Period.
I wish we could be eliminated from play off contention cause oh boy is that game gonna be embarrassing
Tik tok star juju
Please explain to me why u run it 2nd and 6 3 mins left in the half ur down by 17
I'm convinced Terry Bradshaw could come back and play better.
"Mackenzie Alexander is a clown. I'm glad we dumped him. Did you know he didn't have an interception in high school, college, out playing in Minnesota"
I should’ve started Ben on fantasy
Lol remember when people said that teams don’t get motivated about Jujus dances?? Idk the 2-10 Bengals look pretty fucking motivated to me.
I deadass would rather see this team with Ben and JuJu on the bench to start the second half. I was up my own ass about JuJus antics and Ben just straight up blows.
Ben’s got the yips right now.  Need another QB
"2nd and 22 run up the middle ""in essence the Steelers are punting"" well at least someone said it lol"
Bench Samuels
"If we judge that as a drive and not as a half

It's pretty bad but not that bad"
Nice hold D. Doing what y'all been doing all year
"**INJECT THIS BEN BENCHING INTO MY FUCKING VEINS**

I don't care if we win, send a message. You dont get to be paid 30 mil a year refuse to take a pay cut and put on that performance on national tv.

Sit your ass down"
large benjamin's still got it
At least the Facebook crowd is gone. For now.
Ok we’re winning this game now hahah
Needs to be caught
Fuckin' run it in.
Hopefully that’s a pulled or strained hammy
"THIS IS OUR TEAM! BEN ISN'T DONE, JUJU'S DONE WITH THE BULLSHIT AND OUR DEF IS GONNA KEEP ROLLING!

Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life  
From the long arm of the law  
Lawman has put an end to my running  
And I'm so far from my home  
Oh Mama, I can hear you a crying  
And you're so scared and all alone  
Hangman is coming down from the gallows  
And I don't have very long

This jig is up the news is out  
They've finally found me  
The renegade who had it made  
Retrieved for a bounty  
Never more to go astray  
This will be the end today of the wanted man"
Now our defense is getting gashed lmao
Defense is so depleted
That still counts as an int
Defense needs to hold here. They have had plenty of rest in second half. No excuses.
Why does our D do this last few years. We finally  start clawing back and they give up a drive.
defense let us down
The defense has checked out
Damn time is running out
Defense is gassed
Fucking morons on defesnse
[deleted]
Game over. Tomlin deserves blame when this happens every time
"Like I said: **ALWAYS GO FOR IT IN THE RED ZONE.**

The other team's not gonna just sit around 

and let you catch up and not score even *more* points ...."
GUYS IT’S THE BENGAL’S SUPERBOWL
"damn, do these commentators love sucking the bengals dick or what"
"BYE RANDY!


BYE BEN!


BYE TIKTOK BOY!"
Why do we keep trying to reinvent the wheel when it comes to running the ball
I feel the need to mention that they didn’t stop the clock on that juju play after he ran out of bounds. Might not matter but worth the mention now in case it does
BIG BENS ARM IS COMPLETELY SHOT
[deleted]
receiver drops are coming back lmao
What are we doing? This team needs to beat the Bengals if they want to get to the Super Bowl.
No guys Ben was aiming for him. He’s getting in their heads. Playing the mental game here
Ben is done. How can anyone pretend he isn’t?
"FIRE RANDY, WHY ARE YOU RUNNING THE FUCKING BALL?"
We just got bailed out
cheap flag at first look.
"This jig is up the news is out
They've finally found me
The renegade who had it made
Retrieved for a bounty
Never more to go astray
The judge will have revenge today
On the wanted man"
Guys... I think the team was overrated
I guess TO are just something we don't believe in anymore
Int or 4 and out?
Under two minutes Ben - Engaged.
PI but ok
Why the fuck is Tim Tebow still relevant
Too little too late...we’ll get’em next week.
Lol how are you guys so fucking good but also so fucking bad
Ben is fucking done
RETIRE
Gosh we suck but only we can say that. If any mf other team wants to come in gear and say that shit see yah in the playoffs
No low hit on the QB?
Ben blew it
At least I have the lakers lol
we are fucking losers.
LMAO SO BAD
mini-superspreader event
Wth we deserved that loss....
Holy fuck watt just died
"“Pro Bowl caliber play” - dude, have you ever watched a pro bowl? It’s almost flag football. What a stupid comment."
Lmao y’all believe me now when I said since week 5 this team not winning a SB?
I'm here to listen about how Ficthner is the problem with the offense :) :) :) :) :) :)
I don’t care what anyone says this team plays like they have 0 championship aspirations.
Diontae didn’t even go for the ball at all. Even as the guy was bobbling it. What the heck! Never ever seen that. He doesn’t seem invested or like he wants to be there at all.
"Take Ben out, he's done. I'm not okay with letting us lose half our talent to pay a QB who has an ego with a QBr of 2 demanding max contracts"
I'm about to get downvoted all to hell but it's time to bench Ben. Rudolph can't play any worse than what Ben's been doing.
Might be time to bring in Mason for a few drives.
i already stopped watching
Everything ends badly or it wouldn't end. Ben is done. Might as well play Mason at this ppint
What is Pittsburg doing.
tik Tok that JuJu
"Ben is fucking terribly, holy fuck. Bench his ass."
checkdown ben
"Fuck tiktok, Leave your effing phone at home"
At least we won’t be the ones to pay Juju all the money he wants. No real loss
Browns are gonna win this fucking division lmao
Idgaf what they say. You can't talk shit when you're 2-11-1
"What is the problem ISNT Fichtner... but the offensive unit. 

What if, randy has been the dude making magic happen and we all want him gone? This makes me shutter..."
As a ravens fan I’m really concerned I have to root for this team the next two weeks potentially. I’m really not trying to troll what is going on
Offensive about to light it up
There is no fucking way Steelers lose to the Bungals. No way.
"Never thought I would say this, but it's time for Rudolph to come out."
All of you blaming Fichtner yet can’t admit that he ain’t the quarterback that is playing like total dogshit.
What’s up with the brigading from multiple fans from multiple teams? lol. Rent-free much?
FUCKING RETIRE
Take Ben Out
At least we know how good this team COULD be with a good QB
Late to the party. How are we looking?
"Guys don't freak out. It's the strat. Think about it man. 

You just limp into a division title, make everyone think you're dead. And then BAM you surprise em and win the Super Bowl."
Time to bring in the Duck.  Not Mason.  The DUCK.  Quack quack.  Let’s gooooooo.
Mike Tomlin has proved again that his teams are not mentally strong enough to handle full seasons
Their defense is playing like a number 1 defense.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCKING FUCK FUCK BEN PORNCOCK WHAT THE FUCK
Is there any team / fans that are more small time than bengals lmao
Bench Ben
Isn't unsportsmanlike a dead ball foul so you enforce the holding and then apply the personal foul? So it winds up +5 to the steelers and a first down.
We were in NO hurry with only 3:30 left in the half and zero points so far. Tells me all I need to know
If your older than 30 stfu about juju dancing
I started a diet just before that WFT game. Getting into the chocolate now boys
https://i.imgur.com/yIqJmIi.jpg
Bench Ben for fucks sake - he's out there not giving a shit.
"I'd like to see a different QB in there to try a light a fire under their ass. 

If something doesn't change the season is over."
Ben looking like Humpty Dumpty
I don’t want to see Conner the rest of the year.
Maybe Connor is a bigger part of the problem than we think
LMAOOO NO LOSING SEASONS
I'm going to bed. Wake me up when we inevitably lose wild card weekend
[deleted]
Go for 2. I'm serious.
They can't stop em. Done. It's frustrating but it's mostly on the offense for gifting short fields repeatedly on the first half.
Ben you fucking suck bro
Ben has to retire
What was Snell doing in that 4th down? He blocked no one.
Another missed pass interference call and refs suck. Name a better duo.
"That’s a tough loss, man. Looks like the north is in doubt. The Steelers are going in the wrong direction"
Please beat Indy next week yall
"I actually don’t expect Tomlin to say much. He doesn’t usually throw Ben under the bus, and honestly, his play was mostly why we lost."
How about juju quits dancing and does more catching?
No more dancing
We have Wide Receiver with the mental capacity of a 12 year old
Damn... Steelers suck lol
Browns finna win AFC North
We’re losing this game aren’t we lol
If the dancing is gonna be a narrative Juju has to stop
Juju can go tik tok dance and get 4 yards per reception for 100 million dollars elsewhere.
"Tomlin needs to tell Juju that from now on if he dances on a logo, he sits for the whole game."
Someone tell juju to stop dancing on teams logos 🤣
"Stop the doomsday stuff guys. Sports are streaky.  The team sucks? Bench Ben? Are you guys kidding me? I would legit still take a straight up bet that the Steelers win this game. Mahomes ""sucked"" this week, the Jets are ""better"" than the Rams. 

If we're still down 3 scores at the end of the 3rd I'll admit I was wrong but until then I'm confident."
Fuck Tomlin. Another Tomlin special tonight
TJ out there laughing that Derek knocked himself out.
Feed Juju James and Chase.   Dont throw to DJ or Eric anymore
"This next drive is game defining, if we three and out again it's over"
Shoulda paid bell.
Announcers have been on the other team's dick for the last forever games.
"Bens been playing for 16 years, hes done."
"honestly at this point, resign everyone on the defense and just gut the offense. get rid of conner, toss out juju, let decastro walk, and force ben out. just rebuild that shit bc at this point these guys are all washed"
Fucking done. Fuck this offense. Fuck Ben. Fuck Juju. Especially fuck Fichtner. Fuck this bullshit. Fuck. Fuck. Fuckity fuck. No comfort. Fuck this offensive effort. No excuses. This offense fucking sucks.
Ben is in sweatpants and tennis shoes and Mason is warming up
"Gonna be honest, I think it’s time for Ben to retire and we look into a new QB. PJ Walker would be nice to have"
This ineptitude starts at the top. It's starts at tomlin
LMAO “NUMBER 1 DEFENSE” MY FUCKING ASS
Ben is washed. Oline is washed. JuJu can stop the logo shit anytime he wants. Defense is far too injured and gives up big plays in the second half.
Everyone talks about how Tomlin hasn’t had a losing season. But I would love to have cowher back
Ben is washed
Derek watt died on the only play he's ever been in on
"i mean, not trying to be a boomer but karma is a bitch juju"
if you think Juju’s Tiktoks are the problem here GTFO
And Steelers fans got mad when everyone was calling them frauds at 10-0. Maybe people were on to something
Can’t wait to see how Juju responds to this game on his post-loss twitch livestream
HAHAHAHAH THROWING INTO TRIPLE COVERAGE LIKE YOU HAVEN'T NOT MADE A THROW ALL NIGHT HAHAHAH FUCK YOU.
Keep dancing on other teams logos juju
[deleted]
"We lost Dupree for Ben

Fuck this gay earth"
Come on. I expect better from the best team in the league.
Tomlin is a fucking asshole
I’m beyond pissed these fucking frauds waited to clinch a playoff spot before they showed who they are instead of doing the decent thing and tanking like trash teams are supposed to.
Wow the flag bailed us out that was a horrible throw by Ben
"Couldn't get a single first down. This team is pathetic. Fuck you Steelers. See you again soon and fuck. You. 

Should have went to bed after the half like I was about to."
3 straight losses fuck these LOSERS
Fuck you fat fuck Ben. You're playing one of the worst defenses and you cannot even get a first down. You gifted them all of their points so far you washed up shit stain of a QB.
An overrated QB who just doesn’t care anymore and receivers who’d rather dance on logos and make TikToks than play football. FML.
nO LosInG sEaSonS!!! StaNDarD iS tHe stAnDarD!!
#91 here we go
"cant lie, Kermet gave me a good laugh"
What did we just witness?
Anyone else unable to stream using Spectrum??
Waka waka waka!
Anybody have a decent stream? The one I normally used is terrible right now.
LFG
"Here we go, offense hoping gets a groove started n keeps going."
Good ray ray
"Alright, wrap it up muppets. Goddamn..."
Ummm
Well Randy stood by his pledge
"They threw down field, but was a pretty ugly throw."
Well that was PI but okay
Oh wow
3 and out here we go...
Short throw by Ben. Love the aggressive play call. Not an optimal start.
Ahahahahahaha we suck
Hmmm. So there’s that.
I love Benny Snell turning 10 yard runs into 3 yard runs
Oof
Oh no
Welp.
Wtf!
I wish I could say I wan not expecting a start like this.
Fuuuuuck I Hope he’s ok
:(
It’s going to be one of those games huh
Holy fuck hope Derek is okay
I am so happy he got up and is walking holy fucking shit I felt sick to my stomach
Good vibes for your man there Steelers nation.
Please God don't let this be one of those games where some trash QB looks like Montana in his prime against us.
Jesus Christ
Damn it man this isn't the start I wanted : (
pain
good to see him walking.
"Good start, manhandled upfront"
Quick slants stopped working three weeks ago. What’d we run? Quick slants
How is Ben on the ground after every god damn play
Worst 11-0 team of all time
I swear if we lose to the Bungles I’m gonna kill a beetle.
At least the defense actually came today
And another baker Mayfield commercial
Your best offense is a defense.   Usually not literally though lol.
Ffs
Fuck this team
Fuck
🤦‍♂️
Holy fecking shiz yinz
"Holy shit, this team is a joke..."
Wow.. Just... Wow
Wow
Yep
F
Fuck
Welp. Can’t call it a bad “drive”
wtf is wrong with this team
Wtf are we doing....
FUXKING BEN
This team is awful🤦‍♂️
Nice start.
We're gonna find a way to drop this one aren't we?
Dude wtf
uhhhh... not a good look
Oh man
That’s unfortunate
Well that was not ideally
Why make it easy
Looks like we are improving.
These last few games feel like the steelers of 2019. I just dont understand
Great.
This team has just completely turned on its head. Fuck even going to the playoffs.
i can’t handle this team man like wtf
"Uh, that was clearly not Pouncey’s fault."
Yiiiiiikes
It’s only a matter of time until watt gets hurt the defense is always on the field
This offense can't be more of a fucking joke right now. That play alone showed how this team isn't a playoff contender.
Maybe they shouldn’t be pumping Ben with so many pain killers before the game
"I don’t watch college football, is there a decent QB the Steelers could draft in round 1? Dependance on Ben is staggering and when he plays bad there’s literally no hope for this offense."
Defense gonna have to score some TDs tonight.
What the hell has happened to this offense??
Pain
Not great when our defense he s 1 play off.
Can we just put out defense in on offense as well?
Ocho cinco fucking it up
Fucking Perine man I'm so conflicted as an OU fan
Alright what fuckshit is comin on the next drive.
Our defense is so good that it's crazy how much it masks an otherwise terrible offensive core. Imagine if we had ANY offense better than this. I can only get so erect.
Ugh
Let Mondo run
Making the 7 foot guy attempt to go out and make a block in space is pretty weird to me.. I don't know of any other OC who can't play to the players' strengths.
If they throw short of the sticks I’m going to lose my mind.
The question here is can they get a fist down against the vaunted Bengals defense.
  What a drive
Holy shit this offense man
oh my
looks like Duck is back there rn
Poor throw
This is just a ugly game so far
It looked like Ebron was open on the post route too
one and done
Third and long gonna guess screen
I gotsta admit.....Ben has a nice stat line
Bengal down on the sideline
Jordan Berry is a stud
My antenna will be up again when we take the lead
What a dime. Take notes Benjamin
How did they complete a deep pass before we did?
I think it's time to start addressing the fact that Ben's fallen off a cliff.
I was literally about to say that I’m only interested in watching the defense and then that happens
"First downs and points are overrated, apparently."
Guess we’ll need a defensive TD
BEN TAKE NOTES
Holy fuck offense looks real bad.
This offense is absolutely pathetic
It’s all compounding from the o line. Ben has to throw too much and the receivers can’t get separation because they know the o line can’t buy enough time to throw it longer.
I wish we can do that
... this is embarrasing
"Bengals: 2-3 first downs.  1 turnover. 
Steelers: 0. 0."
Lmaooo
Jesus Christ
Offense needs to figure their shit out
So much for my wish of less Berry and less 3 and outs
Should we just rest are players these next two weeks since we’re not getting the bye week or winning?
Haden getting greedy
Prayers up for boyd. Pittsburgh grown.
And a new OC
Nice edge.
The patch work Cincy line is getting some push
I love joe
This is not a great team. It's still good but offense is baaad
I’m surprised they put Haden as the deep return man and not Ray Ray
This is the best field position the offense will see all day
Got lucky there
Dude what the fuck he is always smiling
Ben has two completions for two total yards
Holy fuck Ben
Guys Ben could throw 5 INTs they are not going to put Mason in
This offense doesnt deserve this defense
That should've been picked
Ben throws a pick every fuckin play
thanks for the 7yds of field position.
"This is nothing but speculation on my end, but could bens throwing inaccuracies be due to having a different throwing motion?"
Oh boy
Would have been behind him anyway.
From the Browns with loss.
Fuck it. Just pull Ben. It couldn’t be any worse.
"What is that, almost three picks now. Its coming."
Maybe Ben needs to sit a series.
the only 6 points this team has scored in the 1st quarter in like 5 weeks has been Haden's INT return if I remember right
LOL.
There’s literally zero reason to run play action anymore
He should have 4 turnovers
Why do we look so BAD
Ben is having a terrible game Jesus
 If Cincinnati had a top 5 defense there would’ve been at least 3 turnovers already. Ben is seriously not in it.
"I'm glad the defense is having fun, and even the Bengals offense is having fun! Steelers offense looks miserable, though. They know something ain't right"
That should have been a pick 6
Thought I was watching NFL not Madden
Ben.... cmon man.
Fucking throwing to the flats hasnt worked 1 time this year
Jesus Christ lol
What a play
So we're just not going to run the ball again this game then?
OMG. They look like dogshit.
Posterized....
Lmao we’re getting embarrassed
We needed 7 yards
This drive went exactly how we expected.
Yikes Ben
Garbage.
What the fuck is the point of any other receivers running routes if we are throwing predetermined passes
That was definitely a fumble haha
The middle of the field was so wide open Ben could’ve under hand threw that
Imagine being 3rd and 7 and throwing an incomplete pass to the LOS.
Were done
Straight to his head
The post was wide open again. WTF Ben
When is the last time Ben completed a pass 10+ yards
Why even throw to someone on running near the line of scrimmage with a couple defenders on him?
"Ouch, Juju took a hit on that one."
I don’t think I can watch this anymore 😔
What’s going on?
again they don't run a play to the first down
"that was more of a football move than that Ebron fumble earlier this year. the refs and findley saving us so far, this is embarrassing"
And another 3 and out.....
Watching Ben throw [like](https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2Fimages%2F44819cab5c551c9f9a9344226a63c405%2Ftenor.gif&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Ftenor.com%2Fview%2F5263684&tbnid=sRCtXgdORvpc-M&vet=1&w=220&h=121&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim)
This is just embarassing beyond belief.
Worth watching? lmao what we doin
Wonder what is going through Tomlin's mind?  Would he consider making a change?
They have all the momentum... The Bengals...
Looks like a fumble. Smh
That's a fumble.
Holy shit this game is shit.
🦆
God Damn
Lol
Humiliating
"  
Didn't they blow the play dead?"
Thank god we have a dfence
"Probably for the best, we have a better chance to score points with our defense on the field"
LOL. Wow
Is my fantasy team realty going to lose by 10 pts because I started Ben and DJ?
Cringe
Jesus fucking Christ. This is painful to watch.
Now I’m just curious to see how bad this can get.
"Well, that was a quarter of football"
They just ran the option with Finley again
"Lmao, someone calling out, “gonna get your qb killed.”"
Not really having an issue against this defense
Just tuned in. What...
[Playoffs?!](https://i.imgur.com/LyqhjIq.jpg)
Every single person on the offense needs the shit slapped out of them
At least Finley got absolutely smacked on that one
Yeah please blow us out Cincy
Rip
The standard is bad passes
CORVETTE CORVETTE
Killing me slowly
It’s over
Pain
Ima cry 😢🥺
lol
nice
Yeah probably time to head off to bed
"https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJpgPGbA/
Look at the comments too"
Come on ebron
How much we owe Ben next season?
Good field position let’s goo
"Holy shit, a run play on 1st down?"
are we breaking records with how bad our offense has been lately? we must be
The standard has apparently been lowered.
Do we get a first down here?
I want to eat my phone
Another h2h not called. Shocking.
Finally run the FUCKN BALL!!!
Run run pass here we come
Positive yardage?!
Do you guys think part of the problem is lack of leadership on offense??
Gotta hit a few deep throws to back the defense off.
The announcer said ‘Feetner’ again.
Wow
"fuck yeah, yards!"
I'm ready to turn this off already...
Gotta go for it
He ran right into the olinemen
ONE YARD ONE FUCKING YARD
Just sneak it goodness
Benny Snell is so fucking useless. Cut that bum already.
Snell thought we were tying to get Trevor Martin
He got it nice
Benny snell is surprisingly fucking atrocious at short yardage situations. Remember when he thought that was his speciality?
"Running play!


Pittsburgh going to the supa bowl"
"“If we can’t pick up a yard, we’re fucked”"
How do you go from 11-0 to looking like the worst team in the league by a lot? The offense isn't even the side that lost players.
It’s just funny at this point.
All I got to say is B R U H
Yes
Oh no short yardage
we can barely gain a godamn yard on two attempts. wtff
oh god dont go for it we cant make it
Just fucking JUMP. Good fucking lord.
WEEE DID ITTTTTT!!!!!!
Well shit... not bad
WE GOT A 1st down!!!
Getting a first down should not be such a hurdle...
I’m literally laughing out loud.
This offensive line is full of broken down old pansies. Get the fuck out of here.
What the fuck happened since the Washington game???
BREAKING: The Pittsburgh Steelers picked up a 1st down
Snell: Man I don’t wanna be the first to get a first down
I swear I just saw Ben under center. Nah
"Cue 3 straight passes after 4 straight runs. Dial it up, Randy."
Lmao couldn't get one fucking yard. Thank fuck hockey starts up soon.
it isn't even close he flew over the line what the fuck
Stop the count
I mean not that it matters with the way the offense is playing but that looked like a clear first down to me.
What the fuck is up with the whistle the last few weeks?? They blow it way to eaely
"Oh my god, a first down"
Alright that does it Go get Travis ettienne with our first pick...
Is it just me or did it look like the splits in their DL would have let Ben EASILY sneak that for like two yards?
At least we beat the ravens.  That is all our season will amount to playing this shitty.
Ben throwing to quadruple teamed receivers and shit
"Who's the backup TE? Samuels?

edit: ah yeah they have Vance"
What good QBs are going to be available late first round?
"We need to draft a new OL, except for Decastro"
The Steelers offense is broken
I saw the gorgeous counter play to set up 3rd and short and somehow believed that our offense had learned how to stop sucking a bag of dicks.
"Yes I'm sure he ""probably"" could've gotten a flag"
Finally a 1st from a pass
Holy crap an on target thro
[deleted]
Diontae with the iron grasp.
"Wow, Snell yet again got more than 2 yards. Maybe he will finish with an average of at least 3 YPC tonight."
I love how 24 can only get up and pull his pants up
That run was all Benny. No help from the OL
Well I guess McDonald doesn't practice much as a passers anymore
Snell looking pretty impressive. Promising.
"That's a pittsburgh steelers


First down!"
Ok dj let’s get his confidence going
Why is the ball thrown so low
"Good to see DJ putting the work in at least. He's had a moderate case of the Moncriefs, but you have to hope he can work his way out of it"
How the fuck is AV blocking down there. Either that was the dumbest play call in history or he fucked up majorly
Tarmac Randy after the game
Lmfao
Yey super creative jet sweep. Wooooow
THROW A FLAG ZEBRAS!
Imploding.
Hahahaha
"Nail, meet coffin."
Pain.
You deserve hell
Lol
"Damn it, Ben!"
Im out.....Not worth losing sleep on a work night.
Everyone’s getting pissed
we are melting down rn
Claypool being a dickhead great
The playcalling is looking as trash as the last few weeks.
😂 right into his hands. Ben defenders WYA??
Nice block Vance
FUCK
Wtf is Ben doing?
aTrItIoN fOoTbAlL
Wtf is this shit
"add 15 to the run back 

just give them more points"
SANDERS
jesus.....
Lolololololol
bengals high stepping on us now? oof
😑
Okorafor throws a tantrum like a toddler
wow. just..... wow.
"It’s been a while since I’ve felt this way, but I legitimately kind of want to stop watching at this point"
Holy shit this is bad.
what am i watching right now?
"oh my fucking god, im in disbelief"
"Man, they sure don't miss the flags against us"
No velocity on that ball
Wtf
guys idk how much more i can watch..
ben is gone
"THIS IS A FUCKING MESS, ben please fucking learn how to read the field"
Wow
Bench Ben and Okorafor
The defense should just refuse to go on the field
Jesus fucking Christ how is this team not 4-9
So they losing by 10 or 30 wild card weekend?
We've given them the ball on our side of the field how many times tonight?
WTF offense... Ok this is not excusable at this point
crash and burn. this hurts :/
The browns are salivating watching this game
Wish more players cared more like Chuks
Wew lawd
Jesus. Why didn't he hit DJ? Afraid of the drop?
Blow out city.  Lol
Give me Rudolph
Where’s my ducky boi
TD WOOHOOOOOO
lol
game over. fuck this shit
BenCH
Bruh
RUCK
Mmh mhm mmh... this is rough boys
Mm.
FUCK
How in the mother fuck can we miss it by THIS MUCH.
Pain
someone who can throw the ball has to play.run game meaningless now.
Why was TJ on the bench that whole series?
[deleted]
He smilin’
Pain.
What the shit
Am I going to wake up soon???
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
This is embarrassing
This entire organization has its head up its ass right now. They have absolutely no answers.
I cannot name a worse game I have seen them play. I’m trying to rack my brain but I can’t pick out a single one
We need the duck
i am honestly intrigued to see what tomlin does  about this during the half. if he does anything at all.
"Fuck this team, I hate them so fucking much right now. Seriously, this is trash."
"jesus christ the entire team is feeling the aster , like wow never have i seen such an underperforming steelers team"
Lol he waited too long. He can’t read this defense
Ok wtf
think we could still lock down trevor harris
WE CAN’T DO ANYTHING RIGHT ON OFFENSE.
Fuck...that completion to Johnson was behind him
What the hell is going on with Ben this game?
Well at least he can catch
"About to go watch Scrubs- the Steelers are JD , and the Bengals are Dr. Cox, delivering an epic beatdown that will hopefully help the Steelers grow in the end"
Is mike Vick retired??
What if we all lined up facing backward? Maybe this will trick our offense to go towards the right endzone.
Johnson just survived an assassination attempt.
ben putting all the receivers in danger every play
Juju drop
Feel like I'm watching a lions game with a better defense
Saved by the flag?
"Nice job taunting, tool"
Taunting?
no huddle coming
Awful penalty
Fade me
It was a hell of a ride
Has claypool been targeted at all?
C'mon guys! I want to believe in you but do something!
Offense literally making it easy for this 2-10 defense.
Fuck this game
So are we trying for someone like Kyle Trask now? Ben looks washed
No timeout to save time. Steelers already giving up.
At least the streak is alive
Nelson been solid tonight
Steelers not calling timeouts. Not interested in trying to get back into the game for the second week in a row
Should they just run the clock out? Don't need another pick six before half time
Best coverage we've had all night
Alright time to see if 2 minute Ben is still alive
1.4 yards per play 😑
Nice play by Nelson
Can we go back to Pringle Monday?
Flyin' Finley is looking like Aaron Rodgers back there!!
Any chance fichtner doesn’t run the ball 3 times here?
If we don’t try on this drive then that’s us basically quitting
And let's just run out the clock
OL looking great
Tomlin: I attribute this to Ben sucking
Wow not even trying
You kids realize they will never bench Ben unless he fakes an injury right?
Can this team do anything right?
2nd and 22 run ok
"I’m turning this shit off if they won’t sit Ben, act like you care and want to win"
Did he know he was running the ball??? What was that?
-5 total passing yards
Wtf who’s watching the clock!?
Why the fuck are you running out of bounds!
Way to stop the clock
This fucking team...
That was Ben's longest completion of the evening.
Tell em' Louis!
https://youtu.be/L8hX2Ex58os
Is this Faceoff?
[removed]
Offense needs a complete overhaul. No identity.
Hop in mfer.  2nd half come back ride begins now.
Fuck it pick 6
This offense is hopeless. If Ben has the pocket and open receivers but he’s forcing it elsewhere or simply cannot put it on them. We’re STILL doing draw play on _ and forever. But yea its JuJu dancing thats to blame
Any news on Ebron?
Yea fucking right Ben
Merry Christmas!
Just kidding guys. That's be pretty cool though right?
Be is still in. Pain.
lol
"Oof, starting up just as great as he finished up"
"Certainly, mupet night football"
Tomlin living in his fears
Big Al. Big fuckin sucks.
Ohhhh here we go just keep doing the same thing guys it will work eventually!! /s
The post was wide open again
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON
Wait I was told Ben had his sweats on and helmet in his hand
Does Villanueva suck?
Jesus christ. Almost picked
For crying out loud. Can’t even get 3 yard.
Is it me or have the refs been giving us awful spots all game?
NEED. BETTER. PLAY. CALLS.
Carl Lawson is soning big Al rn
Carried by Benny fucking Snell lol
Need urgency
This spots are terrible
Hooray another 3rd and short
"There’s zero chance Ben comes back next year, he knows he’s done"
The way ben looks the last few games Idk if I want him to come back
This offense won't survive the Wildcard game.
"Seriously please bring Mason out. I'm not saying he is normally better than Ben, but sometimes there needs to be a spark and Ben has been in a slump since the loss a few weeks ago"
jesus christ finally lmao
Fucking finally
lawson woke up today and chose to eat
No more fucking sweeps to the kid
Just like that.
LETS GOOOO
We winning
Bubble time bay be
Oh well that's better
What?
ALRIGHT LETS START THE SHOW
Thank god
Well then
BASED.
Lmao wtf
Back in it baby!
There we go
Ok there's the passion and fire
WOAH
Beautiful
Sensational
"I’m not getting my hopes up, happened last game too"
Tomlin kicked someone in the scrote at halftime - both sides coming out firing
At least no shutout. Lets get the w now
"It was a decent play design to get a first in a 3rd and short situation, it worked, and yinzers are hating on it lmao"
Lets goooooo!
I retract my previous statements
Anyone else want Stafford next year?
Defense turn to make a play
Defensive score let’s get it
Tyson did well there too
come on defense
Three and out. Get the offense back on the field
Time to turn it around
Pound the football here
"Please, just please don’t go 3 n out, yinz turtle headed out Uranus, let’s keep working to baby Ruth."
Who the hell decided to put lemonade on the table for the Urine-Wick commercial?
North and south kid.
"Feel like DJ made one too many moves after the catch on that one, but I appreciate the effort"
Is this...a tease of a running game?
Yes. Just run snail for 29 yards. Call that play again. I like that one
SNELL. IS. SWELL.
Nice run
LETS PLAY FOOTBALL
Way to go keep punching them in the mouth
OMG guys a run that worked!!!!
 Benny Snelllllllp
If he runs like a pussy then... I love pussy?
7/11 is open
Yes RUN THE BALL!!!
They pull hassenauer?
Randy ain’t doing shit
BENNY SNELL FOOBAUUUUUUUU
Benny booyy!!
Benny Snell baby.
Benny for MVP???
Is this what an offense looks like
Where tf did they find this running game?
"U/wedgiey1 

Our running backs look ok now"
"Man what a difference. At least there you can say the Bengals had great coverage 

They're trying. That's fun!"
Minkah plz
Sack
"Honest question, is that considered a sack? He was falling down."
"Like to see that, I do."
Good job D
Finley with the nervous smile...
Decent return
Don’t give me hope...
I would like to see more from Mcfarland
And now DJ hurt.....MF already
Dj hurt no contact
Oh no
Another damn injury damn
That can’t be good
ah shit cramp is best case there
Dj hurt right as he gets hot. Damn
Come the fuck on man
Fuuu
Non-contact...
Looks like a cramp.
Thank god
Will we be able to field a team for the playoffs?  Jeebus.
God dammit Randy!
damn
Benny can't read his blocks and doesn't account for where LBs are. Just runs at the line.
Wait wtf
All I feel is pain
Get Highsmith the fuck out of the game
FUCK
Don’t hurt Finley for FFS
Offense on the bench so long now
NEED A STOP
False start
my god...
Who the fuck is this guy!?!?
WTF
Weak
Awesome now no one can tackle
we just need a stop
Hands on hips...fuck
Thats it boys
Already know what’s gonna happen
Jesus fucking Christ
It’s just fucking embarrassing man
Fuckkkjj
What an embarrassment
Fucking cool
Bah.
Lamar jackson jr out there
My name is Finlay! And I love to fight!
tomlin’s big beady eyes looking dumbfounded is what annoys tf outta me
"Awesome, just awesome. Wtf man."
My lord
Lol
"Steelers need an elusive back and a downfield hard rushing back, these slow backs don’t cut it. Hard year for LBs but I’m excited for a healthy next year. I hope Dupree resigns"
Show life offense! Make this be worth it
They had everything going their way then that drive.  They jammed it down the Steelers throat
Now we need the offense to play really good... which means we have next to no hope. This sucks.
Lmao
*mute*
sorry but running is fucking useless right now
I don't think there's enough time left to do these runs
Down 14 in the fourth and that’s the first time tonight we run it on the first two downs lmao
Please just start chucking the ball
God fucking damnit our play calling is so fucking stupid
Whats the aversion to play action?
Back to run run pass...fade me
Time to go pass pass pass and fichtner decides now we should be running 2 of 3 playa
Commitment to the run now
"Ah, the Fichtner special."
Why do they keep subbing out Gray?  He has looked good.
Just glad to see people catching the ball and not dancing behind the first down marker and actually getting the first down
This game isn’t over yet
Wow look just a couple of intermediate passes and the underneath stuff actually opens up
Nice hit by Snell there
"hurry up, we are running out of time"
WTF IS WITH BIG BENS ARM?
"Fucking hell, Ben, wtf are you doing?"
Thank fuck
Gotta score before it hits under 5
BEN???
Lol...
Got extremely lucky
Whift
Nice throw Ben. Lmao
That’s why he plays corner
Can we sign one of those kids to play wideout?
"Just get the first down please, don’t go deep"
Bengals will give them that shit.  Bengals are protecting the goal line and nothing else
MOVE YOUR ASSES JESUS
He doesn’t give af about that right now
Just keep making that short pass to Chase and you’ll get there eventually
Is Todd Haley still making calls from inside of Randy’s head?
Fuck that was there!
I swear to god I have never seen more batted passes this season. gotta be a record against us
Asinine
go for it
Classic
What in the fuck was that?
Lol of course.
I've never been in a dumb group
Pathetic
Gotta for it
WTF is wrong with this playcalling. Fucking again.
nice down tempo drive......hurry up morons
O-line fucking blows
Slowest no huddle I’ve ever seen...
Of course
Why rucjing run it there why why why why why why whyw heywbeyehe
juju wide open. miss
goodnight yall
Ben missing so many open receivers...
You have to go for it
End zone NOW
Pain.
Another knockdown. What the fuck!?
What are we doing
3 rd and short....cant get it.
“I’d run it” LMAO dumbest shit said all night
Big brain OC with the run there
"Snell, that was exactly what couldn’t happen"
WHY ARE YOU RUNNING UP THE GUT
This play calling is so fucking bad
Gotta go for it
Any reason not to be running the hurry up?
Ouch that hurt
O-line once again gets dominated on an obvious run play
"Need to start saving time now, because we don't make big plays. We need to kill their offense quick, so that Ben can dink and dunk down the field"
Go for it. Fuck it
RANDY YOU FUCKING DIPSHIT. STOP RUNNING ON 3RD AND SHORT WITH BENNY SNELL!
Jesus Christ Pouncey and DeCastro for destroyed so bad they tripped JC pulling behind them
Easy PI call
Fuck this team. Ben HAS to run under center.
Lmfao we are trash
NICE PLAY CALLING YOU FUCKING IDIOTS
Wow
Gotta go for it or we lose
"Na bro this ain’t it, where’s the fucking creativity"
Stop. Running. Out. Of. The. Gun. Let our fucking linemen get low and fight it out in the trenches rather than start standing up.
Flag
"PI

PI

PI"
We’re fucked
RIGHT ON THE MONEY
"No yard, no win."
Lol bungles
I hate divisional games.
Fire up the renegade
Let’s go D!
fucking RUN IT  IN and keep the game moving
Benny Snell dynasty owners rise up!!!
Wait we can’t do something on first and goal can we?
My bois we got this!!!
Let’s go Benny!!!!!!
We need to run hurry up offense more.q
So now we get the ball back around the 2 minutes and we’ll run out. We still need 2 scores. Fuck this clock management.
I need the D to step up big time
PLEASE
We can not let the run fuck us here.
Can we get a tackle for a loss please
praying for a stop
such a great push and give up 4 yards
Have got to stop the run come on
Fuck
move ben to MIL.
[well that explains it](https://i.imgur.com/NcPyrAp.jpg)
Fuck man
Get this please
garbage defense.......obvious runs and they cower in fear .......cuz......Cincy
Hot damn we almost blew that entirely.
Minkah is a dog
I ain’t feeling confident this drive but I believe we can do it
Ben couldn't get the game winning drive last week. Let's see if he can get the game tie-ing
I believe
Man wtf
Not a great start to this drive
Lol
ugh
Let's not try and get the first down...
"I like Claypool and all, but this man needs some body control. Ball is underthrown, and he’s leaning away instead of trying to come to the ball."
So are we trying for a 1st. Or are we fishing for a DPI
Feels great to have no expectations here!
Juju time
".... ah yes, 10
Ft over his head"
Fuck all this
Welp. It’s over
What an absolute joke
We getting any guys back next week -- other than Glass Joe?
RIP. GG and I'll see you all in the wild card
Damn see y’all Sunday
"Dude.

What?"
"Maybe we'll get a pick 6? Maybe?

What the heck happened to us these last three games?"
Yikes
Pathetic
I just want this season to be over man.
Well that sucked.
Garbage
Recycle Fitchner
[deleted]
Yo Juju let's get litty later 😜after disrespecting opposing teams on their own home field👌
I love JuJu’s attitude and delusions that he’s good enough to be dancing on their logo before the game. I’m sick of this shit man. Dude couldn’t be a number 1 receiver if his jersey number was 1.
Tomlining 😎
"Thanks to Juju's dumb ass I'm gonna be tagged in memes when this ends the blowout that it is. 

Thanks a lot #19."
"Ben, you gotta hang it up bud. You had a good fucking run."
Just fucking retire you fat bitch
"Absolutely embarrassing, I can see losing to Washington or Buffalo but. It a 2 win division opponent. This defense is garbage and I never want to hear them out in the same sentence as the 05 or 08 Steelers ever again. 

We’re in some real trouble come playoffs if this bland offensive play calling keeps happening over and over."
Fuck this team. Absolutely no heart. Never met a bigger bunch of frontrunners in my entire life. And the ultimately slap in the face is Ben taking a knee to preserve his precious statistics in the loss. Fucking frontrunners.
Watt if this sub tried to be less toxic for once? Just give a try.
"Did JuJu dance on their logo earlier? If so, he deserved that"
BENCH BEN. RUDOLPH IN
Think juju will post that turnover on tiktok?
EVERYONE RELAX. THIS GAME AINT OVER. THIS SEASON AINT OVER. SUPERBOWLS ARENT WON ON MONDAYS IN DECEMBER. #HEREWEGO
I can’t wait to see JuJu dance on Indi’s logo next week
ref saved us there
Where's juju to come do a dance?
"Eric Ebrick


Tiktok Boy


Butterfingers Johnson


And Chase “40% of snaps” Claypool"
Juju deserves it for dancing on logos like a disrespectful ignorant fuck.
"I don't know why the Bengals are celebrating like they did something, Ben just dropped the snap."
Ben is the biggest problem with this offense
Hey maybe Juju should stop dancing on other teams logos
Holy shit that was a beautiful throw. We haven’t made one of those all season
Petition to change our name to the Tik Tok Steelers
BEN IS FUCKING TRAAAASSSSH
NEVER A LOSING SEASON
Lmfao at the mods rage deleting every post
Fuck y’all hating Ben
Ben throws a TD and he points to the sky like a cunt.
If we lose to the bengals tonight this isn’t gonna look good on Tomlin’s resume
Anyone else not a super huge fan of Juju still doing the dance on the logo after getting smacked last 2 weeks?
Derek trying to be TJ
Ben might be washed
Time for Rudolph
Im done. This offense is cooked. Its really not worth my time. They are guted. No soul.
[deleted]
Fuck you retard ref
7 points spotted from the refs. Thanks cucks
Ben is playing like shit but I like the no flags. That’s our division and they’re letting them play physical football for once.
Fuck Ben. All my homies hate Ben.
Interference... again.
I hope someone is waiting for 21 in the locker room after the game
"Not a Steelers fan. But just out of curiosity, what do you guys think of Carson Wentz ? Would you guys be interested in trading for him ? 

PS : I am not an Eagles fan, either. Just curious."
"So, how is Tomlin without his GOAT QB? Looks pretty shitty to me."
It’s Mason time
"I turned off the game but following it on stat tracker or whatever

Why is Ben in exactly?"
I predict 3 and out here.
Damn so Tomlin and fuckin' Randy must have ran a train on Weepy Ben during halftime. I'm here for it if it wins some games again
Juju shaking bengals players hands on the bench and shit. Fuck all that friendly shit bro
Ref's just kept us in it
Big Ben just fucked me in fantasy football
"Unrelated to this game, but does anyone know a good place to purchase some rope?

Asking for a friend."
Ben SUCKS
Can't wait to see what lit posts juju does tonight!
On to Tik Tok next week
11-0 my ass
JuJu culture ends today
"Wow, just heard JuJu danced on a logo? Is this true? I just heard it for the first time just now. Is it true? What is everyone's opinion?"
At least juju got the TikTok in before the game
Get rid of ab junior juju
Did no one learn from Shazier? Wtf
Lol we are 100% losing this game. Dear lord.
Ben is playing like dog shit
Send Ben back to the burgh at halftime. Dude is washed up.
Dance JuJu Dance
Good call. Idk how you can argue it. Clearly a catch and fumble
"Steelers offense better go all out vertical throws, stop with these useless dink and dunks."
Hopping over the line on 4th and 1. Jesus.
Oh ffs. Ben is going to get someone killed tonight
Stafford 2023
It looks like Ben is not trying to get receptions but PI calls
"Lmao, Ben clapping, this team is over"
Can Snell run through anyone? Maybe?
Fuck Ben. I’m done. YOU ARE TRASH
"I think you have to bench Ben, right?"
"Bench ben? For mason Rudolph? You guys are slow...

I remember all the clowns sayin he deserved to be in the MVP convo a few weeks ago😂"
Get Okorafor off the fucking team. What a bitch
Ben is legitimately worse then any other starting qb
"Honestly, the only way the Steelers come back is if they put Mason Rudolph in"
Maybe AB was right...
That’s the season right there folks. Can’t believe this how this season going to end. This is the Tomlin Steelers!!!
guys it’s just a game. go be productive with your time instead of sitting here cussing out a team you’re supposed to support. the team is devastated by injuries and our franchise qb is past his prime. shit happens. relax
FUCKING GARBAGE COACHING.
We are watching Bens last games as a Steelers. Take it in while you can
Pushed off but I'll take it
[deleted]
"Been working so I haven't been paying attention, looks like I haven't missed much?"
Its doesnt matter if we win this game we are not going all the way playing like this.
"This is worse than the Rams losing to the Jets. Give up any playoff spot you might get, it’s not deserved."
Y’all need to chill out and go check out JuJu’s Tik Toks
"Tick tock steelers, the clock is running out!"
That’s weak lmao
Thanks refs
CALL A TIMEOUT TOMLIN YOU RETARD
"I went to go use the bathroom, i come back and its 3 and out lmao."
Challenge?
"failure Ben, you're dog shit"
RETIRE BEN
Bens been throwing bad footballs.
Remember that hype video pre season of Ben throwing the ball? Pepperidge Farms remembers.
If Randy is calling plays next week Tomlin needs to be fired.
There’s no way we beat the colts
"BREAKING: a single gunshot was heard in the Steelers locker room. On another note, QB Ben roethlisburger will not be starting in the second half and left to go home early..."
How do y’all feel about JuJu’s dancing tradition?
"All you people saying Ben sucks, you realize he's had an average of like 3 seconds before pressure all night right? How the fuck can you expect him to go through his reads with the defense in his face before the receivers even hit their breaks?  Ben had some shitty throws, but this loss isn't on his shoulders, the offensive line needs to step up."
Bruh what am I watching what happened to you guys
Incoming 3 and out on first possession
"Question: Who is your daddy and what does he do?

The Bengals: ... Big Ben and he plays quarterback for the Pittsburgh Steelers."
Lmao 3 and out
3 and out. Thanks Ben for being ass
Pain
Terrible under throw
Oh fuck
Just tuned in! Kill me
 WATT DOWN
Derek just needs some cbd cream and he'll be right back in
"you see watt sticking his arms in the air after the hit? not a good sign

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fencing_response"
Lol wtf Ben
Ben needs to hang it up after this year
It’s not even enjoyable to watch us play anymore
What would it take for people to admit Ben's arm is spent?
"Well, if this is how we are gonna play, it’s probably not even worth talking about the post season."
A first down on this upcoming possession will be a moral victory
Yea goodnight y'all
"WTF is THAT nonsense in the end zone???  I get celebrating on a great play, but that wasn't a great play, it was pure luck."
At least it wasn't a 3 and out lol
I WANT TO FUCKING DIE
This is a one and done team
Take a deep shot
Al is a terrible OL
Did Tomlin even prep this team?
Ben’s arm is gone
Ben should have 3 turnovers lol.
Diontae just watching like “duuur” o_0
Why can't we have a quarterback with and arm like Jim Finley?? Or Jake? Whoever this nameless bastard is.
Are we allowed to ask about streams?
Anyone who thinks Ben is still an Elite QB is a clown.
Ben is washed my dudes. He's gonna be a pick machine
Uhhh targeting?
That's a fumble
bench Ben
"Look at me... *points to eyes*  

We're the Jets now."
Right near the logo. I can see the headlines already lol
The non lous riddick announcer is a fucking twat
I’d take Landry Jones over this right now honestly.
"That sucked but was bound to happen, can't dance on logos and not get fucked"
Imagine if Burrow was playing 😂
“Boo Boo Shoester” - Antonio brown
And for fuck sake JuJu stop dancing on the opponents team icon on fucking tiktok when you’re playing like horseshit. These guys act like going 12-0 was an award in itself. Love juju but looks like a total dumbass right now. Embarrassed for him.
Guess I am goin to work hungover tomorrow.
Man I’m so fed up. Just angry on how our offense is so predicable. Can we just do something out of the ordinary and call Beast mode to help us survive the playoffs?!!?
"Hey guys, Duck isn’t on the fucking roster. Stop asking for him. 

Rudolph should be the one coming in."
that that that that that that’s all folks!
"We know Tomlin can build a great offense
We know Tomlin can build a great defense"
Throw to Juju he can do it!!!!!
That’s a terrible spot
Wow that was a terrible spot
DUDE LOOK AT CHASE
Ben “Mason Rudolph” Roethlisberger
What is Ben’s decision making? Like it’s so bad! Throwing downfield does nothing if you’re always throwing it to the wrong guy.
Ben trying to kill our fucking receivers
I think there's more people in these game threads when the team is playing poorly. That seems strange to me.
"Ben is just throwing to whoever is covered the most, wtf is going on, he paid off or not giving a shit? Just weird"
And Ben is due how much next year? And our future is Rudolph? Should be a fun next few years
Ben 4/11 for -5
at what point do we turn the game off
it's ok steelers you can take your time :)
We always play like crap against our rivals
Let’s not count Ben and the offense out yet for the season.  You guys really want Rudolph for the playoffs???  You REALLY think he gives us the best chance to win??? Give me a break.
Lol this team sucks
What a pass
Bench him now
Fucking sit his ass
I really hope the reports about Ben coming back are false. Don’t go down like Eli be better Ben.
Pull him
Put mason in smdh
Mason time!
"First ball Ben throws with velocity.  Except, it's to the wrong team.  I need a drink."
Didn't this fucker just sign a 1 year contract today??
Fuck these scumbag refs.
Which is his bad knee? Is it his plant foot?
All talk.  All. Talk.
Ok that's game lol. Hope they can win another game this year but I'm not seeing it right now.
Where my Ben defending homies at?
This is awful
fall off after losing 1 game😭😭😭🤣🤣
"Is it wrong to start rooting for Bengals to win this game.   Lifetime fan, season ticket holder, but WTF is going on here.  Which team here is 10-2 ???"
L
Poorly coached team being led by a QB who's playing scared = this team
"DJ not dropping the ball? Damn, I must be drunk already after 1 beer. Also, stop running Snell already. This is fucking sad."
GIVE MASON A CHANCE
how the fuck is Ben still playing? like at least sit him for a drive or two - zero accountability - inmates are running the asylum
What do you even say to this team at halftime?? It’s very obvious that 3/4 of the team has given up.
Ben needs to beat his meat already and release all his tension
If we get conservative and don't try to score here then we basically conceded the game
Kneel down
A timeout. You fuckin assholes
At least my Buckeyes have a future
[deleted]
Quick: current Ben Rothelisberger or pre injury Dak Prescott: GO
Idk what to say I’m just bummed
RUDOLPH LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
"It’s amazing that this game is only 17-0 and a true testament to how bad Cinci is. We’ve lost either way. Either we actually lose the game or we win and while we spend a week of the apologists saying “IT DOESN’T MATTER IF WE WIN UGLY, WE WON!”, and the coaches and the players patting themselves on the back, buying into their own hype, and planning their next dances, Andy Reid, Mike Vrabel, Sean McDermott, Kevin Stefanski and John Harbaugh will be watching the film of this game and plotting all the ways to exploit our many holes.

We’ve been exposed by the fucking Cincinnati Bengals and I don’t buy for a second that our coaches are able to make the adjustments we need to fix the problems."
We need to sign or bring in James harrison or some other steelers vet as a culture vet to instill some form of steelers football mentality
Remember when we were all saying “half of our team is injured” and thought that was the reason we were ass😂😂
Definitely got away with a push off lol
Ok we got that one drive in the Bills game too. I wanna see it twice now!!
"FUCK! This team needs to get fucked up tonight. They already have a playoff spot, if they end up winning this game, nothing will change, one and done, fichtner here for another couple seasons. Tomlin same routine every game with zero adjustments. Bad attitude and game plan. They need to get destroyed!"
Like I said. 1 TD ain't enough. Ben dug the grave; he's gotta pull us out
Why am I watching a commercial about a piss trough?
"Needed a touchdown there, but good to see some fire finally. Back in it!"
7 only come on
#76 is trash
That injury is what happens when you continually juke for no fucking reason.
Guess we decided to stop tackling up front...
That’s game.
Im done clear house i've fucking had it just burn it down this team is toast
Where is our fat middle linebacker? Still covid?
They are going to get destroyed by Cleveland’s run game
Seriously fuck our offense. Need a qb with brains and Vision.
"we should give away our playoff spot, most undeserving garbage can in the league"
"I’m so done with Tomlin, can’t wait to move on from him in 15 years when he has no losing seasons but still no super bowl wins since 2008"
147 yards for Ben.  How many does he need?
We deserve to loose
Holy fuck
Am I smoking crack or does Ben continuously try to live and die by the big play? Forcing the ball into impossible coverage time and time again? I don’t know why he can’t stick to the easy stuff underneath!
Literally crawling to 60K.
My eyes are bleeding
They do know it's the 4th quarter right?
"here come the knock downs

thats 2 today that I can remember, Ben has been good for 2 a game all year"
Refs just gifted us a chance
Ref saved the day
"Wow, lucky DPI there."
"Lmao our defense is trash rn , have the guy in the backfield and give up 4 yards"
Spain is making Tuitt look as soft as Snell
Do we go for the two pt conversion if we get a tuddy?
"If we get a TD, we need to go for 2"
"our run D took a massive dive once Bush went down, outside of the Titans game somehow lol"
Minkah is unreal
Why are we not going for it
we just gave a team their 5th win in two fucking years
Claypool needs to come back and high point those types of throws. That'll get a PI
Running play out of the shotgun
Lol nice throw
Lol
Guess that answers any questions about if Ben still has that vintage “2 minute offense” in him...
Okarafor is fucking garbage.
"We fucking suck.

I won't be surprised when we don't take the division."
Tomlin after the game: “The standard is the standard”
JUJU NEEDS TO STOP DANCING ON THE FUCKING LOGO
We missing AB so much. JuJu sucks.
hahahahahahahahahahahahahah
[deleted]
It’s almost like dancing on opposing teams’ logos fires said teams up
"Everyone apologize now for attacking me and downvoting me when I said we suck since week 5.

Just kidding you don’t have to bc I’m sure 99% of you guys here agree with me now. Welcome aboard"
"I bet we move the ball better with Rudolph. Not even kidding. Would it hurt just for one drive then put Ben back in? Obviously they would never do that in a million years for perception alone, but it wouldn’t hurt at this point. Let Ben think for a drive."
"Yup. They're gonna lose this game. 

Oh and Juju is a moron for dancing on another team's logo. Grow up and act like a leader."
"This stuff really confirms that Juju won't be back after his rookie contract. I really like him, I do. He's a good, charitable guy. He's a talented wide reciever. But the way he carries himself when not playing the game is not how the Steelers work, and they don't put up with antics, ESPECIALLY without production. Didn't even tolerate Antonio Browns generational talent ass because he was a clown. I wish Juju the best of luck wherever he goes, as long as it's not against the Steelers."
You're losing to the Burrowless Bengals.
REFS MVP
Claypool needs to go up there.  But another bad decision by Ben with the game and probably season on the line. Dude just needs to retire
"Juju is a good guy, but still, gotta grow up a bit and forget about social media."
"While you watch this lifeless, injury-riddled team, just remember how we looked back in late October. The NFL stole this season from us."
"Prediction , pitt gets pick 6. Rides momentum into halftime. Come out firing on all cylinders and score a td. End up winning 31 17"
"Lessons learned from AB, don't let personal social media goals intrude in the game.  Juju, no more dancing on logos and firing up opponents."
How much of our meltdown the last few weeks has to do with the NFL screwing with our schedule due to COVID? Could you imagine if we actually had a bye when we were supposed to?
Diontae actually worked to improve andJuJu is still Tik Toking. It’s clear Diontae will get the deserved extension and they will let JuJu the clown leave
Getting bailed out against a 2 win team on their 3rd string QB ishygddt
"ben's gotta be out out to pasture. if we don't get stafford or someone like that, the windows closed. can't wait for this team to do nothing and sit in mediocrity until all the talent leaves. lol"
"Who is to blame for the loss today? Y'alls defense is still very good, is it just the offense?"
[removed]
"Analysts: Advanced stats suggest steelers aren't as good as their record

Steelers homers: STILL UNDEFEATED!!!

Steelers fans with eyes: Wow we barely beat a covid ravaged Ravens team.

Steelers homers: STILL UNDEFEATED!!!!"
Ben and Juju really shouldn’t be playing in this game right now.
Bring in the duck!!!!!!! You guys are dumb as hell
Tbh. As soon as I saw juju made the video dancing on the logo I knew this was gonna be a disaster.
[deleted]
notice how everything went downhill when juju started dancing on logos
"Ben was hit throwing that you shitty ""fans"".

Downvote all you fucking you want - you don't get to imagine what happened."
"I don’t want Juju or Ben back next year, they are not superstars"
We’ll beat indy
"Also Claypoool has been benched because since his breakout game vs the Eagles hes been bad. Sorry to break the news to you all, your best receiver that actually still takes his job seriously is Washington. The others are too busy blogging, dancing and being clowns while swearing up and down that they wanna win"
"People seriously want to bench Ben.. did you start watching this year??

There's no better option. Ben can throw a pick for every drive for the rest of the game and he's still a better option than anyone on the bench.

Come on now."
We lost by double digits to a 2-10-1 team 😂😂😂 but Tomlin is a good coach right
Lol ya’ll so one and done
"Every year, we have above a .500 record just to lose in the playoffs or have meltdowns like this. Unacceptable to not have been in a SB since 2010. Tomlin needs to go idgaf what you morons say"
Tomlin is so fucking overrated lol. You think Andy Reid or Belicheck would allow this to happen to the 2-10-1 Bengals?
"derek watt jut killed himself there.  EDIT: In my defense, it looked like he dove at the guys legs.  on replay we can see there was a block in the back.  everyone calm down."
Juju is a 🤡
LETS FUCKING GO! WE'RE THE FUCKING PITTSBURGH STEELERS & WE WIN FUCKING SUPER BOWLS!
I’m glad Juju won’t be re-signed.
[deleted]
Fire every coach. Cut the entire offense.
mason rudolph gives you a better chance
"3rd and 18, and we through a 2 yard pass. Fuck"
Maybe the people here who got mad at people saying this team was done last week will actually open their eyes for once
[deleted]
I’m not a Steelers fan but I’m tuning in at half. Do you think I should throw $25 on Steelers money line rn? What is going on?
Our dudes are gassed. The O didn't do them a single favor for the entire first half
TO THE REFCUE!
I can’t tell if it was a DPI or not.
I love this
worst team in the league
Imagine losing to the 3rd team in football with some no name qb. What a joke
Finley puts on his mask to cover those teeth. I get it.
Edit* Ben actually fucking sucks man. Hopefully he can get this shit together. Downvote the truth
Juju with the drop lol
"Juju can't set aside his own personal brand inspite it hurtng his team and creating a distraction. 

Sad man."
go 11-0 and now you’ve become ungrateful
Okay NOW put Rudolph in
I fucking hate Ben
steelers fans serious question what happend?
Crazy Ebrons back started hurting after he realized he didn’t get a flag.
"If I'm Pouncey or DeCastro and I see Juju dancing on another team's logo after tonight, I'm dragging his ass back to the locker room by his face mask"
Mike Tomlin is the most coddled coach inNFL history.
Keep dancing 19. Friggin asshole.
Honestly I’m so over JuJu.  Not gonna go full Mark Madden on him but you have to walk the walk at some point and he simply hasn’t for 3 years
"I love how Tomlin doesnt get any flack for not getting his team prepared. Everyone praises him when we win, but when we lose nobody says shit. It’s been the same shit for almost a decade"
[deleted]
"Dude. Randy came in and saved us. 

#imsorryrandy"
"Dance, Ju Ju."
Tomlin outcoached yet again
Anyone up for a tiktok dance 😂
"Juju was just having fun!

Ben is an MVP candidate!

ya’ll are fuckin hilarious"
Literally everyone besides blind ass Steelers fans knew they were frauds lmao they’re blindsided it’s hilarious
No control over your players Tomlin. God this team is so fucking full of themselves.
Ben shouldn’t play next year
This playcalling is so bad.
I’m convinced we’re cursed
Tank for Trevor?
WE NEED MATTHEW STAFFORD
Let’s see JuJu dance now
"that's not a catch lmfao, clowns"
Maybe less dancing more catching;)!!??
Doodoo Shit Poopster
I'm not sure the Bengals should be running their 3rd string QB into our defense -- no matter how weak our offense looks.
The offense is broken. How to fix
Get tf of tiktok
Litty
"Trevor Lawrence, here we come!"
sit ben
Why do the annoucers hate is so much
Like I said. Garbage. Wants to get chippy because he got blown up behind the line. At least he’ll TikTok about it
This is not Ben at all. Something just isn’t right
"Silver lining is when we do get Super Bowl number 7, we won’t have a covid asterisk next to it"
Well boys it’s basketball season now. WVU has a great squad. Pitt looks really good outside of that head scratching loss to st francis
"Well guys, is there still a chance for improvement ?"
Steelers being outplayed in every facet of the game. Not just offense. The whole team is disappointing tonight. But especially the quarterback.
Only the duck can save us now
every team that plays against us tries their actual hardest they've ever tried
Do you all remember what Mason Rudolph looks like? Like if you think it can't be worse...
Good decline.  3 and out coming up.  Yall about to eat crow!
PICK SIX AND O TOUCHDOWN. WE'RE BACK
We’re going to lose like 27-21
"If Clemson wins ....

😢😢😢😢😢😢

**#ItStinksBeingAJetFan**"
It’s not just fitchner is Ben too they design the playbook together I’m sure or Atleast ben has a lot to say
Lmao images being Vegas and setting the line at 14 for the Steelers and having the bengals lead by 14. Steelers are straight ass all over in every facet.
I replied to some douche earlier complaining about the naysayers about how we were playing bad against the Bengals. Let me look that fucker up and call him out
Tiktok
LAMAR CAN’T THROW
I think game is over homies
Should have went for 2
The referees have been one of our most clutch players this year. I would love to see this one get pulled out for a W.
"The Steelers need to either put Ola in there or sign Harrison, Matthews or Suggs. You cannot expect to do anything in the playoffs with fucking Alex Highsmith."
No effort by this defense when it matters
Still no timeout huh
At least that should put to bed the arm strength concerns lol that was about 55 yards on a rope
[deleted]
This is on Tomlin.
What a bunch of failures.
We have no superstars
[deleted]
corvette corvette
kneel Ben you coward
You know what? Maybe fucking JuJu needs to stop dancing and start performing. Furthermore? Ben needs to put his money where his mouth is...I took a deep breath...and guess what? You’re sucking.
God this team is such a stinking pile of shit. Tomlin is great at collapses. Overrated.
Here’s a little love from a ravens fan just beat the browns and the colts and we’ll see you in the playoffs💜💜💜
I LOVE REFBALL
Ref bail out
[deleted]
Y’all saying bench Ben sound like people who only started watching because we went 11-0. Have some faith in your team.
This Bengals D is fired up. I wonder why? There couldn't be anything one of our players did pre game to make them play insanely above their potential right?
Ben is playing like shit no doubt. But he's also being forced into desperation 3rd and long plays. IDGAF who's qb. Thats not gonna cut it.
"I love JuJu. He was my favorite player at USC & now with the Steelers, but one of the captains better tell him to knock it off with the dancing on the other team's logo BS"
I cannot honestly believe the things I am reading in this thread. I dont even know why I bother looking at it anymore.
Steeler garbage
[deleted]
Tikee Tokee
Benny Snell runs like a pussy
Would you guys be happy with Sam Darnold next year?
God why are all the primetime games so ass
"They’re fucking dunking on this defense with a 3rd stringer. Heyward, Tuitt, Williamson, Highsmith are zeroes."
Lol we need the refs to beat the Bengals
[deleted]
"JuJu is going to be a free agent, right? Cannot wait till the fucker’s gone. Let him be a cancer on someone else’s team

EDIT: seems as though I am upsetting some fanboys. Sorry... any douchebag that fires up an opposing team TWO WEEKS IN A ROW for his own TikTok bullshit? Is fucking selfish."
11-3 guys relax */s*
Fuck it tank for a better pick I would rather get a franchise qb than get a better playoff spot
"Goodnight y’all! I’m probably done for the season, see y’all in the off season!"
How anyone keeps defending this 'should-be-sex-offender' is beyond me.
Why isn’t Mason Rudolph starting? Is he hurt or something?
Mark Madden is right about JuJu
Not a Steelers fan... but how do y'all feel about JuJu giving your team bad JuJu so that he can flex his dance moves on TikTok?
i literally hope we lose out and lose the division
The Steelers Tik Tok star has been nowhere to be found all game. One big gain when no one was around him for 10 yards. And people actually want to re-sign him?
Tomlin is so fucking overrated. Always just standing on the sideline doing nothing while other HC’s light fires under their players asses
Fire Fichtner and Tomlin this is bad. The Steelers would lose to the god damn Jets right now
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHA
Our defensive line was worse then Ben tonight and I cannot believe i’m typing that
Big Ben MVP
[deleted]
“Tomlin is a great coach” “Ben is MVP” “Number 1 defense” I never wanna hear that ever again
"Juju dancing on the logo again, reminder he’s still a child."
Where all the bootlickers at tonight?
Ben need to retire and the Steelers need to trade up for Trey Lance. He can’t make the easy throws 15 yards downfield
This is just proof Tomlin is a top 3 coach in the NFL like idiots were saying after we got lucky a trillion times earlier in the year
Tomlin is the most overrated coach in the league. Gets praised as the second best HC yet we haven’t been to a SB in fucking 9 years
"Yea bench ben so a shitty backup can come into this offense.. I don’t get that logic.

When a run game is non existent you throw in the backup QB for a spark.."
😂😂😂
Wonder if cincy remembers that tik tock.....
I rather lose now than lose in the postseason
Johnson is so bad after he catches the ball
"That was a soft call, but..."
The refs did their job. Time for the defense to make sure that their effort in bailing out this shit offense doesn’t go in vain.
Would have Been a weak ass PI call he wasn't catching that ball either way
How can you say that’s DPI. The ball was literally batted away it’s not like the receiver was impeded by the defender.
LMFAOOOOOOOO
Ben is washed
Ryan Finley is elite!
Gotta stop fuxking around on tik tik and social media and win.
i actually feel so sad for ben man.. sigh
Tomlin looks like an idiot patrolling the sideline..... get this dude the fuck out of here
[removed]
Straight embarrassing. I’ve been saying it for years. Tomlin and the coaching staff need to go.
Leave Mike Tomlin in Cincinnati. Fucking moron.
"Not Ben's fault yet a big reason why the run game is shit is because Ben refuses to take snaps under center because he needs to ""dissect the defense"" for his own selfish needs. 

But hey, Big Ben's not the problem guys he has no run game"
Juju and Claypool are garbage. TikTok stars with no interest in playing football
2nd game in a row I’m done watching early. This offense is sad and annoying to watch. I’ll try again next week
Juju needs to be cut or traded
"This is embarrassing. Get that fat-fuck out of there. He's done. I know everyone likes to suck his dick because he won 2 Superbowls, but he's finished. And the longer we sit by and let him hee-haw around is the further this stellar defense erodes. This isnt just a one-game thing, he's been awful.

 *The downvotes are pathetic. You folks really that goddamned stupid?"
Fuck JuJu
Juju sucks
[deleted]
Dance on that logo
Juju ain't shit without Antonio
"Ben will get the deep ball down, give him oractice"
so no dpi there on the shove?
Where’s the game I live in Pittsburgh it’s not on Channel 2
“See we aren’t just dip and dunk” haha what a joke.
I don't think the block in the back was major. The real damage was their feet entangling knocking his tackle out of line.
Alright let’s see how fast we go 3 and out here Or drive to midfield and punt
Incoming run run pass
Ya 2 yards
Bench Ben
Big Ben......what a stud!
This team is trash
Kars for kids makes me even more suicidal
This is what happens when you don’t have a good qb. Should’ve drafted Hurts
everyone excited for the playoffs yet?
"Boys I’m on the road coming home, not driving. What’s the team looking like?"
This team does not deserve to be in the playoffs
Finley is the best QB on the field. :)
Second play in a row haden has tried to be cute and got out of position. Play the fucking game bro
"Honestly I would not be shocked if we draft Kyle Trask this year. I believe one of our scouts was at the Florida Georgia game too. Sure Trask doesn’t have the biggest arm, but I think he could improve his power a bit if his footwork is corrected"
Blew JuJu up!!
Holy shit JuJu
Fuck that’s a fumble. Blatantly obvious 😞
Man he got lit up and then fumbled lmao
"3rd loss this season? Where is this team gone? Bench ben isn't gonna do shit.  Can't run, can't pass, can't hold on to the ball.  They need to lose"
Did they just run the read option with Finley?
"Don't worry, the Bengals will Bengal, it is inevitable"
^corvette ^corvette
"When you see a third stringer making more passes than you, definite time to consider hanging it up."
Y’all shouldn’t hate on Juju for one play. The fumble wasn’t his fault and he’s greatly improved on ball protection this year
"When Ryan Finley looks like the best QB in the game :')

Bonus: Finley is playing the Steelers D and Ben is playing the Cincy D. 

:')"
The secondary is social distancing against the Bengals receivers...
"Seeing Kevin Greene and the game on the field tonight, I miss those Blitzburgh days. This team just looks disinterested and going through the motions. It is so strange, like they have no heart."
Good hustle Ray Ray
Two shitty spots
PI???????
Yes SIRRRRRR
👀
Ebron smart to get out of there early
The one time Ben hasn’t put air under it all night
THIS IS PATHETIC WTF BEN
Sit Ben.
"I haven’t seen a team implode this badly in a long, long time."
Ben's got the yips.
This team is a joke
GIVE ME MASON
Bench him
Goddamn it Ben...
Bench ben. This is fucking absurd.
I don't want 2 more years of this
No linebackers. No other pass rushers. No quarterback. No offensive line.
Bitch move by Chucks too
So I’m also a Notre Dame. Wanna know how it started and how it’s going now
Wonder what it feels like to traverse covid land to watch ur team lose
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
EVERYBODY DANCE NOW! lmao
Time to bench Ben
"But keeping Ben out they're telling the defense hey, you don't fucking matter. Get out there and continue to get smashed by a QB who doesn't have your back. 

Toxic"
How are the Steelers 11-2?
Lol that’s why he’s a bust
Not calling a time out tells you everything you need to know that the Steelers aren't playing to win it
The fact with that they did use their time out on 2nd down means we have no faith in our offense
2 and 22 hmmm draw play (while they have TOs) smh
https://youtu.be/ak3RrawMsco the offense right now.
We got this!
Y'all gonna feel silly when Ben drops 3 tds in a row
MASON MY BOY
THATS THE PASS I LIKE TO SEE
"""Ben wants to come back next season""

Fuck that"
He almost dropped it again lol
"Trash. This game is over.  Gamblers,  get your bets in while the numbers nerds still have the steelers as dogs. We got this."
Why do Ohio let fans in stadium?
gaaaaah they cannot score. its over if the bungholes do
Ball game
May as well just rest everyone for the rest of the way. No reason to get anymore injuries.
"what a great defense 

gives up 24 points to a 3rd string QB"
So sad we are getting lit up by Andy dalton Jr
Rudolph with your nose so bright
"Run, run, pass. 3 and out coming up"
Little urgency here
Wow that was the game
foxy is a jinx
I know we don’t have a run game atm but snell is horrible
Holy shit we just got bailed hard
Whatever.
Can’t we challenge PI
Chase plays deep balls soft as fuck
Game over.
wasn’t even close what the fuck man
Rubber arm
😂😂😂
"So two weeks against the browns right 

And its probably for the division too"
RAY RAY TO THE HOUSE
Stay tuned for next week in a battle between the Indianapolis Colts vs the Pittsburgh Chokers
FU big ben. Lost my game in fantasy bc of this garbage
Damn you guys suck. Is it ok if everyone starts calling you the Fraud Squad?
[deleted]
Juju will keep dancing and yall will keep losing
I need the Steelers defense to do well for fantasy. So far they look like ass
Tik tok that cunt
This teams season collapsed worse than the twin towers
Does anyone else think JuJu needs to stop dancing on the logos? It's firing up every opposing D.
[deleted]
Mike Tomlin will not get any blame AGAIN. Mike Tomlin just sucks.
watt happened?
Lol I’m not ready to have Ben as the QB next year. I’ll take 1 Trey Lance please.
[deleted]
Keep dancing to another team Juju. Take Ben with you.
Talk all the shit you want but remember you gotta get on the field with us
Big Ben is the worst QB in the AFC North and the Steelers are an average team
Bailed out
Where’s all the dumb yinzers that want to sign juju?
WHY WOULD BEN ALLOW THE DEFENSE TO MISS SO MANY TACKLES?!?!?! BENCH HIM!!!
Zack Taylor > Mike Tomlin
[removed]
"AB is still better than JuJu, that’s sad. JuJu ain’t nothing without AB."
[deleted]
"This organization is clueless at this point. They blow their 1st round pick on Minkah and then get Claypool. Offensive line should have been the top priority. An average defense and an average offense can win games. Hell the Chiefs have an average at best defense with an excellent offense and look at them. 

Too much focusing in the wrong places. This team lacks balance."
[deleted]
[removed]
This team STINKS
Hahahah can someone make a tick tock of that?
That’ll teach Juju to stop dancing at centerfield
Clang goes jujus hands
That was a bail out call.  The offense didn’t earn that
[removed]
[removed]
This falls on Tomlin. Garbage coach
Injure them please
Juju honestly deserves it for dancing on the logo. I’d try and kill him every play too.
[removed]
I've been saying since the Washington game that this team is not nearly as good as their record suggests and this is just proving my point. This is a one and done playoff team that gets blown out by an actual contender in the playoffs.
And Ben wants to come back next season... 😬
Ben looks like asscheeks
14.5 pt favs.
"My dudes, I know things look dire right now, but there's not a person here who doesn't know that the Steelers are slow starters. We all have seen Pittsburgh hang on through three quarters and then turn it on in the fourth and find a way to win! We got this!! It's the fucking bengals! Here we go!!!"
That's what happens when you still keep dancing on the logos but not doing much else...
[deleted]
That was a good hit.
Ok so juju karma is now even... he paid his due- lets see what we can do now
"They need to light a fire under Ben and juju, bench em both at least for this quarter 🤷🏻‍♀️"
Somehow it’ll be Finchtner’s fault that Ben threw into triple coverage with 11 breaking wide the fuck open
Have to pull Ben now
BENCH BEN
WE GOT TOO COCKY STEELERS BROS
"So many over reactions in this threat it’s absurd

Edit : we should not fire Tomlin. Ben does not need to retire solely because of this performance. Calm down. It’s bad, but it doesn’t mean fire tomlin and Ben has to retire."
Lol did nothing with that flag
So nice to have so many level headed people in this thread
"**Week recap**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Halftime|PIT|0|@|17|CIN|
|Final|BUF|48|@|19|DEN|
|Final|CAR|16|@|24|GB|
|Final|SF|33|@|41|DAL|
|Final|SEA|20|@|15|WAS|
|Final|CHI|33|@|27|MIN|
|Final|NE|12|@|22|MIA|
|Final|JAX|14|@|40|BAL|
|Final|TB|31|@|27|ATL|
|Final|DET|25|@|46|TEN|
|Final|HOU|20|@|27|IND|
|Final|PHI|26|@|33|ARI|
|Final|NYJ|23|@|20|LA|
|Final|KC|32|@|29|NO|
|Final|CLE|20|@|6|NYG|
|Final OT|LAC|30|@|27|LV|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Ben is God.
Alright time to sit Ben again after that deflection /s
Defense has no balls
[deleted]
Juju needs to go-go. He sucks
Maybe JuJu is upset because they don't let him play with his toys? Maybe they took away his XBOX? Maybe they grounded him for not mowing the lawn?
[removed]
Now can you guys accept your 11-0 record from before was fake
"Not gonna lie, that hit felt good to see."
[deleted]
[removed]
AHAHAHAHHAHAHAAA
"It cracks me up what most of you put on Ben, what you  put on the WRs, put on the OL, and what put on coaching it’s like 75% of the time completely wrong"
[removed]
Do u see what happens when juju doesn’t touch the damn ball?
PI call was complete bullshit
Fuck Juju Smith-Schuster
#gobrowns
[deleted]
[removed]
Nice TD there by the refs.
Juju hasnt backed his shit up for a while... he needs to knock off that diva shit real quick
I never want to see a player hurt.  But I’m glad Ebron is out.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Watt goes offsides at least once a game
JuJu got rocked 🤣🤣🤣
You guys won't win the super bowl but guys def prepping for dancing with the stars.
Juju and ya damn tik toks
Chase started his NFL career 11-0 and now he has a big head. Man needs to sit down take this medicine. Get humble
Yall getting memed on 3 games in a row now
Ball game. Blow this team up
Steelers are mad overrated
These tiktok catches suck. Dude perfect for the win.
Refs mvp
Well the bengals are the best
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Wow. I don’t care if the offense has sucked. That was on the defense. It’s only the beginning of the second quarter.
Juju fumbles all the time my goodness
Fuck you Von Bell. You fucking inbred
Ryan Fucking Finley!
Ju Ju dances before the game and smiles and laughs and.....
https://twitter.com/complexsports/status/1341202956511801344?s=21 😂😂😂
CORVETTE CORVETTE 😫😩
Bench Ben please and fire Tomlin.
"Chickens are coming home to roost.

Ben, Tomlin, and the entire front office should be gone next year. 

It will be over a decade since we put a balanced team on the field that could last an entire season. That's on management.

How many more chances do they get? Another decade? Pull the trigger."
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
tell JuJu to stop dancing LMAO yall are terrible easy 1st round loss
"Always go for it in the Red Zone.

**ALWAYS.**"
[removed]
[removed]
"At this point ask Juju what's more important, helping this team win or dancing on logos. If he chooses the second, sit his ass until he learns how to be a Steeler and not some clown from SoCal"
[removed]
[deleted]
Juju got smacked lmao
Y’all miss AB?
Your team is so fucking overrated and I’m a fucking clown betting them to cover the halftime spread 🤡
Sorry but I can’t feel bad because JuJu is on your team
Juju sucks
Steelers suck lol
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wish Dan Snyder would’ve offered The Steelers a first round pick for Mike Tomlin. Tomlin is done
[removed]
"The Rooney’s just need to hand Lincoln Riley a blank check in 2022. I’m talking upwards of $15 million a year

Mike Tomlin just ain’t it. Sometimes it’s best for both parties if a coach and team part ways."
[removed]
"How the fuck are they kicking FGs??

Jesus."
[removed]
Heyward is so overrated
[deleted]
Anyone else think this would be the perfect game for The offense to change it up and go with a different style  against a bad team ? Or do they stick to there guns and play the short game and rely on the defense As usual ?
"""Why would you change anything? We won 11 games with my signature run, run, 2 yard pass, punt every other drive"" - Randy Fichtner, probably."
Idk I think we come out with a different look tonight I think claypool definitely gets more than 2 targets over 30 yards and I believe we will definitely see a James Washington long ball. But hopefully we can figure out the run game and play a good all around game and not just rely on the defense
"Sticking to their guns, but they’ve run out of ammo."
Tomlin needs to play the Tom Cruise rant in the locker room.
Thoughts from the game I think they did change it up a bit turnovers have killed them .... and I just don’t think Ben can bomb it anymore and have to play to that due to the turnovers this game yes I know two weren’t on him but every deep ball he threw looked awful
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Making cookies, drinkin’ beers... hoping for a comeback blowout!

“WHO DE THINK THEY GONNA BEAT!”
🤘🤘🤘🤘😆😆😆😆🤘🤘🤘🤘"
""
[deleted]
This didn’t age well
They probably do have an easy win with our offense
This didn't age well
Someone Needs to give Ben some porno mags and buds now
It looks like they just might have one.
We literally lose every time I see these posted
I actually laughed lol. That was funny.
This post aged like milk
"yall really need to stop playing off these ""easy"" teams 😭😭"
delete post
Everytime he’s done this he’s struggled and we have struggled not saying it’s his fault. But the circumstances dont help
They do.
Looked like an easy win to me
Thinking right on track so far.
/r/agedlikemilk
[deleted]
Ironic since Ben threw that game away.  Just like that ball over Diontae.
HAHHAHAA FUCKING DOOFUS STEELER FANS
[removed]
WOOPS!!
Aged terrible mate great post
Lost to a third string quarterback 💀
Lord have mercy he has WHEELS
[removed]
Claypool/diontae
I need Claypool and Ebron to have big games. My fantasy team came to picking up players off waivers and they were still available.
Okay no because i need Diontae to outscore ebron in fantasy by 17.... so im going with diontae and Ebron busts
Well I got diontae and claypool in my captain spots. I’m fading Big Ben because I feel like the receivers will score more plus Big Ben costs to much.
""
Maybe you could use it to burn our offensive playbook?
That’s fucking sweet dude. Never let her go. Huge Zippo collector market out there. Limited edition stuff is top of the line.
That looks dope af
That's sic
I love how the brand name is how many points we’ve scored against the bengals
"Nice lighter. I like the idea of Zippo lighters... until the lighter fluid leaks out in your pants pockets and gives you mild chemical burns on your upper thigh.

But if I had that one? I’d try figure out a work around."
That...is...awesome!
Pretty badass
"Looks awesome, mind me asking where she got it?"
"Nice, she's definitely a keeper. You're lucky to have her."
"That's totally awesome dude! I have been to the Zippo factory and museum many times, because they were a customer of mine and I just love the Bradford Pennsylvania area. Congrats to you and you obviously have a keeper for a girlfriend.

Now immediately use it to light a fire under big Ben's ass!"
Damn that’s hard...I want one now
The future of that Zippo looks brighter than our chances of winning a playoff game.
Ugly af
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
"Glad he walked off, not gonna lie I had a little shazier flashback when he was stuck on the ground for a sec."
i started watching after he got hurt how bad was it?
When I saw those stiff hands above the chest... I was so scared. That’s a huge sign of unconsciousness and likely a severe concussion.. Feel better Derek!
"""prayers"" lol"
[deleted]
[removed]
https://www.steelers.com/audio/steelers-nation-radio/
[removed]
[deleted]
Amateur hour
I mean it’s pretty clear it’s ben. Whether he’s hurt or what have it he’s playing terrible
We deserve to lose tbh.
"What has happened to Ben and his deep and mid ranged passes?  They are either underthrown or have nothing on it.

We need to address in free agency or the draft"
"Absolutely pathetic. Between the game plan and the lack of execution on the field, we just look awful. I’ve never seen so many third and long from this team."
"Ben is trash. He fixates on too many players. He is only throwing to mainly Washington and Johnson. Both have dropped many passes. Juju’s childish dancing on logos is disrespectful. Every time he has, we’ve lost. Where is Tomlin in all of this to tell them to get their shit together? Ben is broken. When I found out that he wants to play in 2021, I just said why? Ben isn’t good. He’s injured and broken. He isn’t the same. It’s time to move on."
Honestly this can't be any worse of a start offensively. Just horrendous
"Fucking embarrassing honestly, they are looking like how everyone has been talking about em all year"
Both teams suck and I'm not even surprised anymore.
Ben sucks. This is a joke
"Are getting the crap kicked out of them on offense. 
They are little boys getting bullied"
What the actual fuck is happening
A 10 posession 1st qtr... TEN. Score:3-0
Can we fire coaches mid-game? Asking for a friend.
How didn’t we pick Leveon back up?
Until something drastically changes I am rooting for the Bills. This team does not deserve to be anywhere near the playoffs. If I was a wild card team I would be doing whatever it took to play Pittsburgh in the first round.
""
""
[removed]
Why does it matter?
I think that spot is the least of our worries my man.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Dude no one cares
[removed]
Johnson hasn’t dropped anything tonight....
Are you watching the same game I'm watching? None of the passes to him have been even close to on target
Ben can’t throw to them anyway so
Ben needs benched for his own good
Big Ben sucks.
Ugh. I now agree with you all. Fack.
Johnson hasn't even had a chance ro drop the ball today.
Juju just got blown up and he’s soft so you can scratch him off the list
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Big picture. He's sucking alot of money from us. We can't afford to draft his replacement. Need OL
He has to retire. I can’t remember the last time he completed a pass for more than 4-5 yards. We can deal with the dead cap space next year. We will still be better off than with Ben at this point.
[deleted]
You guys are fucking ridiculous. First and last time i come to this sub during a game. Seeya next week
Stfu
QB and RB for sure.
"Soft boy JuJu just got blown up and fumbled the ball away, don’t forget that too."
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
Team isn’t that good overall ngl. Our defense is all that matters
Ben is playing like trash.
He’s been under throwing the ball and there’s just no zip all around. He’s almost been picked atleast twice because of it
i just lost hope with the offense but this defense can win us. game by its self
"The bigger point is it's a young man's game now. 

Brady, Brees, Ryan, Ben, Rivers....

Just going through the motion. 

It'll take a lot for a old QB to win a title nowadays, with alot around him."
