text
[removed]
We play tomorrow tho
Good try tho
"Damn, thought I slept through Sunday.  Even had a dream where I had to choose between the browns and ravens and it was painful."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"Hello r/Steelers,

Appologies for not releasing these sooner, I just didnt have the time to knock them out as fast as I would have liked this year. 

* Pacific: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/CbiNoJE.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/r4liQPr.png)
* Mountain: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/tFgC0vR.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/9xM5Zia.png)
* Central: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/pTwiOFb.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/Wk5U2D9.png)
* Eastern: [Day Time](https://imgur.com/XLR4VbD.png) – [Night Time](https://imgur.com/ixc6Amj.png)

As always, credit to /u/dbeat for the original work.

Enjoy!

*Error Correction: Week 3 was listed as 11pm, corrected to 1pm. Thank you u/lizzi6692 for point this out. 

*Note I: If you notice any errors, please let me know and I’ll try to correct them as soon as possible.

*Note II: If you are having trouble viewing these at full resolution on Mobile, you are most likely viewing through a Reddit app. I recommend either viewing this sub using a mobile web browser and from there clicking the links, or downloading the Imgur app to your device and opening the links in there. These wallpapers are 3414p x 2112p and view as such when reddit apps are not interfering with that."
"Thanks for the wallpaper, but I did find an error. On the Eastern pics, the Texans game is listed as 11pm, not 1pm."
Do you have the blank background files? Or maybe a PSD for this? I’d like to update it weekly with scores if possible.
"Question: on week 2, for example, what is the box that says ""OFF MNF"" between the date and the opponent division? There are a few more of these further down the schedule and I can't figure it out.

Thanks for the work on these, definitely going to use this for my wallpaper!"
What stadium is this? Definitely not Heinz field
good cowboys fan
"These are amazing. Do you happen to have the blank backgrounds, as I'd love to change these to UK time?"
"Awesome, these are always my favorite. Thank you!"
I feel excluded as a European :(
"A psd would be great for us UK based yinzers, love it!"
Can you edit this with the new sheduale change lol. I been using the original one my fav wallpaper. Have it on android as a widget taking uo a full page lol.
"Uhhhm, is that a dirty purple ratbird crowd I see surrounding our schedule??!?"
"We made it. Just under a hour away from full on glory and all day greatness. 

What are we watching today? Who we rooting for??

LETS GO"
"Man, I love football. God damn did I miss it and spending Sundays with you weirdos. Here's to a great season"
"""Lamar Jackson. You name it he did it last season... except win a playoff game.""

I laughed."
Lol baker
"Browns first drive is an INT. Second drive is a fumble on a fake punt. 

Browns' fans might be on suicide watch by halftime."
I'm super excited for the Saints Buccaneers game I wanna see Brady in his Florida man form
Baker Mayfield has an INT on the first drive of the game. Hahahaha fuck the Browns.
Looks like 2020 is the same in one sense.  The Browns are still the Browns.
"I've lost track...was this year supposed to be the Browns year, too?"
"3rd and 41??? It really doesn't matter who their coach is, who their GM is, who their fucking QB is, they'll always be the Browns. God damn"
Baker sucks so much. I love it.
3rd and 41 jesus
"Cleveland looks awful, but fuck, Lamar looks so good. The game looks effortless to him"
"I don't think this game could have started any better. Ravens getting some great turnovers off of the Browns and Baker being stupid, yet only up by three currently."
Sad Tom is my favorite Tom
"2020's brought a lot of change to my day to day, but it's nice knowing that the Browns and Bengals are indeed still the Browns and Bengals."
I would be happy to see Cam doing well if he was on pretty much any other team.
"I’m rooting for no outbreak of Rona. 

Also whatever benefits us.

Also us."
"So on ESPN they were discussing the Arians/Brady pairing and everyone was super optimistic about how well they’re going to get along. I, for one, think we’ll see some tension once Brady realizes that Arians does not care nearly as much about protecting him as Belichick did."
Minshew is incapable of tanking and I love it. I wish he was on a better team but damn he’s fun to watch
Our defense is going to eat Burrow
Hahahahahahahahahaha bengals ahhh
Baker threw a pick on his first drive. Is anyone surprised that trash bag is picking up where he left off last year?
"Browns look like a mess. 24 points allowed in the first half plus Baltimore lost a fumble on the 7 yard line or it would be even more. Baker looks lost again like last year. Still can't utilize OBJ. Chubb and Hunt were running all over Baltimore but now they're going to have to throw all second half. 

Ravens look to be about the same as last year. Lamar with 230 total yards and 2 TDs in the first half. Tough for defenses to stop his legs, Hollywood Brown, and Andrews. Hopefully the Steelers can do it this year with the offense having a pulse and not leaving them gassed.

Bills are playing the awful Jets but Josh Allen looks great. If they can't beat out NE (whose struggling against the Dolphins) for the division this year they never will. Bills could be a serious SB threat this year although the AFC is loaded.

Colts look pretty good with Rivers and Raiders have some serious weapons with Carr looking good. Both could be playoff teams."
Ravens will be a problem this year. Time to see how we come out looking tomorrow
"All these QBs rushing for TDs today, slim Ben better get one in tomorrow"
"This Saints D is scrappy and I love it, especially since it’s against Brady"
Can’t wait to watch the Browns and the Bengals try to out-suck each other.
I sure didn’t miss Collinsworth during the off-season
"I hope Rivers continues to bring down the Colts.


I always thought he was an a-hole of a person and I hated how r/nfl tries to compare him and Ben all the time. It wasn't always the Chargers fault, it was Rivers."
"Im sorry if this is the incorrect place, but Im trying to watch games with a buddy from the UK this season. He wants to root for the Steelers cause of me.. So I'm converting one :). Anywhere I can watch the games?"
Mayfield is so terrible lmao
Good heavens the Chargers are *dreadful*!
Love to see Brady hit the turf. Was nearly a strip sack too.
"I’m not sure what I love more, seeing Brady throw a pick, getting sacked, or bitching for a penalty that he doesn’t get. It’s great when we get to see them all in one game."
this bucs game is becoming outright porn for us. brady looks terrible
I want to see some top tier bengal memes tonight boys.
HahahHahahaha bengals
"Palpatine w/o Anakin: 1-0

Anakin w/o Palpatine: 0-1"
C ya next year Cleveland 😂
Joe Burrow was sacked? Wha...how? I was told by r/nfl that he couldn't be sacked and would throw for 9000 yds and 5000 rush yds his rookie season?
Will be turning into browns/ravens at 1 and tampa/NO at 4. Let's go Browns!
Lolbaker
New year same browns
Opening drive. Baker INT. The Browns season is officially underway.
"Baker already throwing an int, Browns might just hand this game away"
Myles Garret first game back since attempting to kill Rudolph with his own helmet.
What are the browns doing??
"Marquise Brown looks good, damn"
Ooooh Ravens fumbled it. This game is gonna be fun
Browns kicker is bad
Watching some jagoffs in orange helmets play some jagoffs in helmets with a stupid bird on them. Can't remember the names...
Browns still suck lmfao.
Seriously. Not even 2020 can stop the Browns from being actual flaming garbage.
"Goddammit, Brady looks good."
BS flags followed Tom Brady to Tampa. That's nice.
And Brady gets picked off!
"haha, fucking bungles. lmao. hope the kicker is alright though"
"What a fitting season opener for the Bengals. Just wow, snatching defeat from the jaws of victory. 

Burrow has a long season ahead of him."
"If I was Burrow, I’d be pissed at Green. For all the mistakes he made the rest of the game(which lets face it could be forgiven given his rookie status), he handled that final drive very well. On a team that isn’t a complete trainwreck, he could be a great NFL QB."
I can't wait for Lamarr to try and make that throw against our secondary.
"Eagles vs The Football Team, I wanna start off slow."
Alright I was not accepted in the nfl browns ravens game thread for probably obvious reasons so I’ll be hanging out here. Go football!
Lol browns r poop
Jets still suck in case anyone was curious
Feels strange starting out season on Monday but I guess I can enjoy browns being browns atleast. Small signs of normalcy in these strange times
[deleted]
I love the Browns so much. How are they such a bad team with so much talent there..
"Bears win after some amazing fourth quarter play from Trubisky. As an adamant anti-Chicago fan living in IL, I am severely disappointed. Mostly bc I got my hopes up on Detroit actually doing something."
This is the best day ever.
That was an ugly interception by Burrow
Bungles gonna bungle
"If we win tonight, the Washington Football Team will lead the NFC East. Weird"
During the Pats game they just brought up the lack of crowd and honestly I hadn’t even really noticed. The fake crowd noise isn’t over the top or distracting and I don’t really miss the crowd shots either.
why is cowboys ram the SNF game and not bucs saints. i feel like that had more hype than this but maybe that’s just me
"Go chargers, go browns. 😎

Also rooting for the jets, jaguars, dolphins, and panthers."
Lol baker
"I remember getting a YouTube video recommended to me where Ryan Clark was losing his mind when someone else said Ben would be the 4th best QB in the AFC North. Now, I understand Browns QBs haven't had the best situation but if Ben can't AT LEAST play at the level of Baker Mayfields performance so far today, I will be very sad lol"
I’m watching Miami vs NE for the early game. Rooting for Miami of course. Will probably switch between Bengals/Chargers and Bucs/Saints for the late game and I’m pulling for the latter in both matchups.
"Siant and bucs letss see how tom bradybdoes with his new team and weapons. Also gonna watch hikights or tune in to see how joe burrow does.  I still think he had one good year the best by a qb in collegbhistory yes, but before that he was a jobady and not even a starter I belive. I wann see how he pans out if hes the real deal or not. He looks the part so far but everyone gets hyped in camp."
Trubisky is just bad
You guys winning your fantasy games?
Does Lev ball have the worst contract in the NFL? No way he’s a jet next year
"I bet Belichick’s not going to be thrilled by what Newton just did. 

Overall though, I think that once Newton’s more comfortable, the Pats are still going to be a team to worry about. And while it wasn’t as blatant as some other games, the refs are still clearly in NE’s corner."
"So can someone please explain me the bears? Trubisky is 7/17 for 107 yds vs the lions MINUS okudah. 
Cam and Jameis were on the market but you traded a 4th for big d*** nick and pay him 21 Million just to announce that trubisky is the starter? Or do I miss something here?

Nvm he did it!!!"
"Man, I’m just loving that football is back! Roll on Monday, let’s go Steelers!

How about those Jags though? Loudest I’ve heard that stadium since... ever. #thatartificialcrowdnoise"
Did the fucking Bengals already destroyed someone? Holy fuck...
Josh Rosen’s face when they showed him in the stands 😂
"I like Joe, but watching him pitch that INT is gold. Oh bengals"
Jesus Christ that hit on the kick returner was hard.
Feel bad for Burrow to have to play on the Bungles
Anyone else glad Ben got a haircut lol ???? He was looking rough last year with that cave man hair
Gotta love the Bungles Bungling it
"Baker's career path kind of reminds me of Alex Smith in his early years.  Smith kept having OC and coaching changes every year, and people kept saying how he was over rated.  Then he finally got in a situation where he was able to stay in one system for several years, and he played much better.

I can't help but wonder if Baker could be a decent QB were he in a different organization that didn't change HCs and OCs every year."
"Im pretty sure every football fan will be watching the tampa game at 430. As for the day games im going to be watching the bills jets game as i live in upstate ny, but ill also be keeping an eye on the browns ravens."
"Never change Bengals, never change."
RedZone
I’m trying to find a way to watch online but no luck
Cleveland good lord. They might even be worse than last year.
That was a bad move on Miami’s part. They should’ve gotten that snap before the 2 minute warning.
Time to see how Burrow does
Burrow starts his career with a 3 and out.
Chargers LB just suffered some sort of leg injury and it didn’t look good. He’s being carted off now.
Of course his first TD as a Buc would be rushing. Can’t have anybody else sharing the glory.
I know the Chargers have a new QB but I don’t know much about them otherwise. Are the Chargers that bad or is the Bengals defense actually decent?
"If Burrow is going to be running for TDs regularly, he needs to practice his ball spiking."
Sack #3 for Burrow.
Saints better not start making stupid mistakes now.
"One of the Bengals’ O-line just went down, that’s not good for Burrow."
Apparently the Bengals never learned a very important lesson: never get cocky when you’re losing.
"Have to give the kid credit, he’s handling this pretty well."
They need to kick this and take the chance on overtime.
E
Stream?
I know Chase Claypool will probably be a beast and I’m so pumped for Ben to be throwing his way but damn I wanted JK Dobbins and he looks outright beast mode today
"Da Bears! 

(Sorry, my Mom is from Chicago, so it’s a thing)"
Damn I wish we had taken Lamar.
"Things I've noticed

Browns - OBJ is overrated and they had a lot of self inflicted wounds. I've said this plenty of times but until the Browns get a stable FO and a decent coach no QB will develop there. There is too much talent for that team to be that ass 

Ravens - Good start but honestly didn't see a lot of improvement from Lamar. Not trying to discredit him but that Browns defense is booty butcheeks. Side note those announcers were trying really hard to make it seem like Lamar was out there throwing nothing but lasers. He had some nice passes but lets keep it real here

Buccaneers - Covid really messed this team up. Combine that with Evans being hurt and that offense line being questionable its gonna be rough for them for a couple of weeks. That LT better get his shit together or he will get Brady killed. Gronk looks pedestrian. I know he isn't a burner but man does he look slow. He just looks big and slow. Maybe that will change but right now the Bucs look a mess

Defensively though the team is solid just undisciplined in certain areas. Gave up some huge penalties due to mental lapses 

Saints - Offensively they look like a well oiled machine. Defensively they look pretty good too. The only I will say is they have to figure something out with Taysom Hill. I understand he's a swiss army knife but I think those packages have run its course."
"Anyone else having issues with Buffstream? It's either not loading or asking me to login. Never had these issues before, I also have ublock, so I shouldn't have these pop-ups."
"I've been watching it on Buff. 

Make sure you're scrolling. It was doing it to me then I realized there's like a decoy video player at the top and the actual stream towards the bottom."
I had that problem going through nflbite.com. But I got around it by going to buffstream.io/nflstreams.
"http://bfstrms.xyz/watch/nfl-red-zone

This link is working for me.. its the nfl red zone stream"
"Viprow.me has been by go to for years. Basically anything yoj could want from TV, just lots of ads to click through."
"I am at a friend's house and cannot load it on their WiFi, but can on the free Xfinity. So, knowing what I know, it's an issue with their firewall and security. And I know a lot about networks and computers."
[Best site](http://yoursports.stream/)
"I bet the over for this game, ama"
""
"Not necessarily looking for a stream just asking a question about their official app's capabilities so I hope you don't mind me posting here rather than the other subreddit.

I cut the cord recently and am wondering if getting the Steelers Mobile App would allow me to watch the games on my TV still via my Chromecast. I'm in Pittsburgh so I shouldn't have any market issues to combat. Any one have any experience with such a setup? I'm also wondering if it being MNF has an impact on viewing in their app as well. Thanks! Here we go!"
You can do a chromecast of your screen (on android at least). Anything in your phone screen will go to the TV ^be ^careful ^with ^porn ^( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I usually pull up a stream on my desktop browser (chrome) and cast the tab to my chromecast. Works flawlessly for mee
"For posterity: the Steelers app would not allow me to cast the live stream to my TV via the Chromecast, it was blocked."
How are you viewing the games now that reddit live-streaming is gone?
"Buffstream, 720p.me, NFL bite. Use duckduckgo to search for streams because I think Google blocks a lot of results for copyright reasons"
There’s some discord servers that have streaming options
DAZN in Canada.
I listen if it’s not in TV... 🤷🏻‍♂️
nbastreams.xyz
Gamepass in the uk only blacks out like 2 games a week. Ive been using that the past few years
Sunday Ticket - only $100 if you’re in college.
Buy ticket. Cheaper than going to bars.
"I work on Sundays and want to listen to the games. This year, the NFL blackedout all radio broadcasts to mobile devices. Local radio streams just loop a message that they can't stream, TuneIn no longer supports NFL, and SiriusXm, the only service that still seems to support it, requires a compatible car. Even the team app now limits the broadcast to a specific area. 

I'm pissed beyond belief. I have been stuck indoors for months, can't go to games and have to work a shitty job on the weekends, just for the NFL to shift us all by limiting our options. Does anyone have a solution?"
"TRY THIS:

The stream “blocks” are supposed to be set up by individual stations. It’s not automatic...they have to actually turn off their stream. Big stations are pros at it but the smaller ones forget a lot...or might not even know that they have to?

What I did last year is pull the Steelers Radio Network list and find 5-6 stations from small towns (the kind of small town places that might only have one guy working) and then try them in TuneIn until you find one forgets to pull down their stream."
Try a location spoofer? That's what I do
Steelers app will play their radio. I’ve used it while in the car and it’s pretty good. You may lose it sometimes but it’s solid overall.
Can you request the desktop version of the website on your phone and get around it?
Sirius has a mobile app
Can't you.listen to steelers games on steelers.com?
Can you ‘watch’ on the NFL app?
yes if you have a pair of headphones
""
"Dude looked lean first time I saw him this year...

LETS GO!!!
🤘🤘🤘🤘"
Lookin like a motherfuckin SNACKKKKK
How about Claypool showing a little chest hair??
"That's what an apha wolf looks like in sheep's clothing. 

I feel sorry for the Giants tomorrow."
"Glad to see they decided to travel today instead of tomorrow. 

The King is Back."
That is Large Benjamin
the tie clip is too high
Love that suit.
His best look yet!! Lookin fit and with the mask on I would say 10/10 GO STEELERS!!
"I’m hard.

-full homo"
I'm glad he stopped cutting his own hair
"he has been Reborn.....just like Private Pyle in Full Metal Jacket.... *Hell*, I may even *allow you* to *serve* as a rifleman in *my* beloved Corps."
"Hm... Maybe we're taking advantage of  mask mandates to swap in a different qb without anyone noticing? That could be A Luck, just saying"
[removed]
[removed]
"He wanted a specific contract. He was upfront with us.


I think it was dumb. You think it was dumb. We all think it was dumb. He made his choice and we are going to win with people that want to be here.


But yeah he kinda got what he deserved in terms of the team he landed in."
It's pretty hard to evaluate him on that offense
Why would he miss the Steelers?  He got everything he cared about from the Jets.
"He got what he wanted, which was a big guaranteed contract.

If that hamstring injury is serious and he misses more than half the games this year OR Frank Gore comes in and runs better, then he will be released.

It will be a pretty sad end to his prime.  Sat out 1 year, next year he rushes for < 800 yards ... this year = ???

However I doubt he cares.  Injuries are exactly why the players want guarantees, and I can't blame them for that."
This is a terrible take. Feel bad about it.
"Honestly, I'd welcome him back with open arms."
We'd still take him back on a Vet Minimum contract. He's got to be humbled now.
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"The Bengals and Browns losing their season openers in typically incompetent ways, reminds me that even though there is so much uncertainty in this world, some things remain the same."
"So brutal for Burrow, lol"
It was entertaining as usual to hear my browns fan dad yelling at the tv all afternoon.
Amen. But this truly means we will play down to our opponent tomorrow
Living close to Cincy hearing about Burrow on the radio ALL WEEK....this was awesome haha
"Don't forget the Lions!  They always find a way to blow a lead, fight back for a chance to win,and drop the game winning pass. ALWAYS."
Damn guess baker woke up feeling dangerous again
Low-key felt bad for Burrow lol. He looked good though.
Some things never change
""
""
I think he and the bengals end up having a Stafford/lions trajectory.
"He had a solid 1st game.  Mostly ran preset quick throws but made some plays and kept his head, too."
I actually feel bad for Bullock. Not his fault that his leg just died on the spot
"I enjoyed watching the chaos of this weekend, but it makes me scared for tomorrow"
I honestly feel bad for the kid. He's clearly talented and a good guy. I started laughing out loud watching that last drive. Just a brutal way to learn that the bungles are always gonna bungle it in the end.
Bengals gonna Bengal.
"This is a great shot. Welcome. Wait til you face a real defense.

But in all seriousness. Decent debut."
"Welcome to the Bengals 

***

posted by [@barstoolsports](https://twitter.com/barstoolsports)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eh1OzeVWkAcn7_A.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Does anyone have experience with Dhgate? How do their sizes run? I am a big dude(4xl)...I have heard elsewhere that they kind of run small, so I was thinking about ordering a size bigger. 

The only ones they have in 5xl are custom jerseys...which is OK, but there’s no place to specify name and number."
"I’ve got several from there. They run a little big, but the quality is good"
"80% of the time you end up with a good jersey, the other 20% it’s defective. I got an Artie burns one, (don’t judge me, 2016 was a different time), the sleeves are about 2x longer than they should be, it’s essentially unwearable. Buyer beware, but I think they have a return policy?"
They run a little baggier than Nike sizes. They’re worth the money. $30-40 for an almost legit Jersey you don’t have to worry about getting bud light or wing sauce on.
I haven’t ordered any football jerseys from there but the soccer shirts I’ve ordered ran HELLA small. I ordered a 3XL and it fit like a large. I haven’t ordered from there in a while because of this but I think you have to put your customization into the notes after you add it to your cart. Could be wrong about that though. Good luck
I got a 2x from there and it's actually too small for me to wear.
My tj jersey is a dhgate knockoff and it’s slightly small but im more disappointed about the stitching and embroidering than the fit
Order your Tshirt size. I usually buy XL official jerseys but DHgate larges are a little big even.
"I’ve ordered from DHGate.  Not aware of options for over 3XL, but it’s been a year or 2 since I last looked.  Tried one, ran quite small for a 3XL.  Do they have 5X now?  I may try that."
"> which is OK, but there’s no place to specify name and number.

There's usually a blurb on the page about how on the purchase screen there will be a box for you to enter in the info you want, or they will auto-message you and you can answer back with the name/number. 

As for the fit, it depends on the jersey. I've ordered from different sellers and gotten entirely different jerseys, even though all of them were supposed to be the same year. One sold me a jersey that is clearly meant to be worn over shoulder pads, but otherwise has a tighter athletic fit to not be baggy. Others have sold perfect replicas that you would get from the NFL shop. Usually most sellers will having a sizing chart, use sewing tape and get the right size."
"I’ve ordered 3 jerseys, and 2 pairs of shoes from DHgate and they’ve all came about the size I ordered them in. The jerseys I ordered a size larger cause I was scared they’d be smaller, but I ordered a 2XL and it came a 2XL. For all 3 of them lol. But I like them a lot, the only people that are gonna judge you for it are real fucking weirdos. 

Go save that money king."
"I don’t like getting fake ANYTHING but I get all my jerseys from DHGATE now, the stitching, logos, and lettering are as damn close to perfect as you will get. Highly recommend. 

Just get one from a seller with good feedback on DH, and for shipping I’ve gotten lucky and received a jersey within a week before (pretty nuts for overseas) but then sometimes it’ll take a month or two."
"It's really early, but for one of the ""GOT"" QBs Brady sure looks pretty average when the play calls aren't based on illegal footage.   


I think Brady's performance difference this year will give us all an idea of how much of an advantage filming gives  a team and how much Bilicheat ruins the NFL."
"The dude is forty fucking three, on a new team, in the season of COVID, lol. Can this sub *please* stop having such a little brother syndrome with Tom Brady?"
"It's GOAT... GOT is Game of Thrones. Also TB12 can play like a mediocre QB this year and he will still be the GOAT QB. He has won 6 Superbowls and there is no reasonable argument that diminishes that accomplishment. I hate him too but let's be real, he has accomplished more than any player in NFL history."
"Wasn't based on film, but on lineman iIllegal holding and WR/TE illegal pick rub routes.
They (and the Manning Broncos) did it so much the NFL had to backdoor make it legal by having their media partners & refs ignore it.

Eventually the entire league started running those obvious illegal pick plays on the goal line or short yardage. (except the Steelers until last few years)

Today NE ran an obvious pick play for a first down, TV ignored it, but when Miami did basically the same thing Romo was all ""pick play, pick play""."
 Now that’ll be interesting on 9/20
I’ll be blaring that shit tomorrow night in my basement
"Did you watch the games yesterday?  They pump in that crowd noise like they did for the NHL.  There's nobody in the stands, but it sounds like a regular game."
"I’m with it... “it is, what it is”. 🤦🏻‍♂️"
""
Steelers: It’s about to get a-lot worse.
I hope he grows out the beard.
[deleted]
I’d rather get my scrotum pierced than read anything else from that site
"I have no idea why anybody would write this, or post it for fake karma. I think that negates any real karma you might deserve (and I doubt you deserve any good karma)

Fuck the mods for even allowing this shit to be posted.

Seriously, Fuck. The. Mods."
"This isn't even satire... satire is supposed to be on the fringe of reality, so that you actually think more about the subject. This is just a really poorly written attempt at ""edgy"" humor or something, and it is just awful."
[deleted]
""
Love him
🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
"He is just such a kind, sweet, humble young man!  Brings out my overprotective Auntie instincts"
that's awesome
Awwww I love him
"Some of these comments man

""Juju only does philanthropy when he's on camera. I can confirm this, because I've never ONCE seen a video, from a camera, of him being philanthropic without a camera around."""
"no cameras.... just someone randomly sitting there recording a homeless guy for no reason as Juju goes up and gives him food 

crazy coincidence"
[removed]
Can't wait for another perfect season from the browns!
Seeing Browns fans talk about trading OBJ and moving on from Baker is incredible
I was rooting for them today to give the ravens an L which would probably help us in the long run. About halfway through I was just frustrated and sad and I realized that’s how browns fans feel all the time.
[Stop!](https://media.tenor.com/images/424f8597b8a947167f9bbbe17f5a0d14/tenor.gif)
[Never forget](https://sicovers.com/featured/the-browns-are-back-2019-nfl-season-preview-august-26-2019-sports-illustrated-cover.html)
Browns play “football” good. Sometimes score big goal.
It's more fun to visit their sub after a loss.
"My favorite tweet ever is AB's ""just took the browns to the superbowl 🤡"""
"""play"". They're call the Browns for a reason. Especially with OBJ there now. 💩"
"OTOH, the Ravens looked good as hell. Not great."
Is THAT what they were doing?  Oh.
So how long before the NFL steps in and takes over? That amount of talent and they still ass
Kevin Stefanski has them going in the right direc...
"It is definitely a pleasure. I have a friend that’s a Browns fan that consistently discussed them as super bowl favorites each of the past 2 off seasons.  This year he basically said it’s fitting they’d go on a super bowl run in a year with no fans allowed in attendance.  That’s delusional thinking that even an optimistic Pirate fan can recognize LoL.

Go Steelers baby!"
""
THE NFL AIN’T READY FOR BIONIC BEN
"Oh, Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law

Law man has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home

Oh, Mama I can hear you a-cryin', you're so scared and all alone

Hangman is comin' down from the gallows and I don't have very long


LETTTTTTTTTT'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
"OH MY GOD OKAY ITS HAPPENING EVERYBODY STAY CALM

STAY FUCKING CALM"
"Jig? Up. News? Out. Me? Finally found.

Steeler fucking football today boys.

Let’s go Ben, TJ, Heyward, Juju DJ, DJ, fuck their DJ(Daniel Jones), fuck Saquon, fuck New York, fuck the Giants and fuck the Ravens."
GAME DAY. MY BIRTHDAY. WIN OR LOSE ITS A DAMN GOOD DAY.
HERE WE GO
"I'm actually excited to see what Ben can do with this young WR core. I'm beyond stoked. I'm hoping the defense can be even better. I love a solid ass defense. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GIRLS."
"Wake the fuck up Samurai, we've got a division to burn."
MY DAWG JACK IS BACK!!!! LETS FUCKING GO
"BIG BEN IS THROWING TO JUJU SMITH SCHUSTER 

DANIEL JONES IS THROWING TO MINKAH FITZPATRICK"
The game kicks off at 00:15 Tuesday morning for me and you best believe I’m staying up for it! I cannot wait to watch us play again
Oh how I’ve missed this
"Not time to wakeup, not even bedtime yet."
"Yeeeeeeeeah buddyyyyyy. Tbh I was nearly convinced there wasn't even going to be a season, but thank God the nfl got their shit together. 2008 2.0 here we come baby!"
I MISSED THIS
Stop yelling I'm awake and pumped for the game.
"(Long inhale) 
*FINALLY*"
5 Mins early.
"LETS FUCKING GO! PRIMETIME BEN, ENGAGE!"
(sweat pant boner extruding marvelously)
bring the pain boys
Bold prediction: the Steelers' 1st TD of the season will be scored by Minkah Fitzpatrick.
God I can only be so erect.
Feels so fucking good to be able to say that. I’m working from home and I got my new fucking Joe Haden jersey on today.
Not yet!
I too am excited for game day.
WOOOOOO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Was waiting for this, balls. NOW it’s time for Steelers football."
I’ve waited too long for Jack Lambert’s Balls  to tell me this!
My students are drawing a final sketch of a crime scene that occurred in the Steelers locker room today. Had to rep the Steelers in class today.
"Yo I’m decked out at work. Got a Steelers mask, Steelers tie, and my ID is on a steelers lanyard. LETS GOOOO"
E R E C T
"My best football friend is a Giants fan. This game comes around only every 4 years, and I need these bragging rights so very badly. LET’S GOOOO!"
"LET’S GOOOOOO!

Also, why is motherfuckers one word and mother fucking two words???"
This thread. I’ve been waiting for this.
LETS FUCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Already a couple Stoneys deep, cannot wait"
"He's back!!!! 

Lets fucking go!!!!"
Excited! Had to watch them for the west coast but now excited because I get to watch them as a yinzer!
I’ve been waiting to be waken up for a very long time. Thank you.
I’ve missed you my Australian brother u/jacklambertsballs
"I only wear my jerseys on game day, and putting on my color rush Watt jersey felt so god damn good. My body is ready. Gonna be a long 12 hours until game time"
"I’m not very vocal around these parts, but I’ve missed you all!!! Can’t wait for tonight!!"
Ah shiet I missed this
IT TAKES ALL OF US!  HERE WE GO!!!!
BOUGHT SOME IRON CITY BEER FOR THE FIRST TIME. CAN'T WAIT TO WAVE MY TOWEL!
"Interviewing candidates until 6 pm, then have a 40 minute drive home, with a stop for beer on the way. This evening is about to get hectic."
Is powerspike streaming tonight?
I. Could. Not. Be. More. Ready.
"I HAVE MISSED THESE SACRED WORDS SO VERY VERY MUCH.

Let's get it."
I’m soooo fucking pumped
I took today off because it's gameday. I'm looking forward to seeing the Steelers train start railroading everybody
"Dammit, I did not expect to be woken up this early from down under.  What the hell am I supposed to do for the next 9 hours?"
IS IT 7:15 ET YET??
The time has come and so have I.
I’M WOKE! #HereWeGo
LET'S FUCKING GO!!!!!!!!
HERE WE GO!! So pumped!
Yeah the offense is going to be fun to watch but I can't wait to see our defense after last season especially with another year under their belt. They should be insane
"“You tell em Ben’s coming, and hell’s coming with him”"
"Sadly I live in Germany now, still staying up til 1am to watch my damn Steelers tho!"
"I'll be up at 1AM sharp to watch, let's GOOOOOOOOO"
LETS GO!
God I missed seeing these post pop up on my feed LETS GET THIS WIN BOYS!
My work day is shot.   Productivity = 0
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Lettss fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LETS GOO
Daniel Jones played in 13 games in 2019. He was sacked 38 times & fumbled 18 times. Our front 7 is going to be like sharks with blood in the water. HERE WE GO!
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.

FUCK."
Came looking for this very post. Brought a tear to this lurker’s eye.
WE BACK
Finally ready to watch Big Ben play
anyone got a link to watch?
From a WFT fan to a the Steelers. Please POUND the Giants tonight for the love of god
Was looking forward to this post for quite a while... Here we go!
I missed this.
Man I miss these posts
""
"Jig? Up.
News? Out.
Me? Finally found.

Steeler fucking football today boys.

 Let’s go Ben, TJ, Heyward, Juju DJ, DJ, fuck their DJ(Daniel Jones), fuck Saquon, fuck New York, fuck the Giants and fuck the Ravens."
Another Steelers and Logic fan? My guy.
"Came here for this.


Ain't no Duck or Mason bullshit now gang. 

We're B A C K !!!"
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Just stay healthy.
"The real question is, how many touchdowns will Minkah have?  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
"Two. One rushing, one receiving."
*and ladies
Not sure but Claypool gonna out the league in notice with three TD's and over 100 yards. You heard it here first!
More than Saquon.
Juju and Conner 2 TDs each and we win by 25!
"I'm playing against him in Fantasy.

I have Diontae as my flex.

So if we could go super pass heavy that'd be dandy."
None I guess. Hey juju
NONE ben gets all touchdowns. Conner is against me in fantasy football this week and the game is very close.
I have a sneaking suspicion he’s gonna get Bettis’d by Snell a time or two and have 60+ yds rushing and no tds while Snell has 3 yds and 2 tds
0
"I really hope Ben has a Rodgers-esque performance from yesterday. I think Conner gets 1 TD, Ben throws 2 TD, Boswell makes 2 FG including one to win the game with seconds left.  Defense has a turnover that gets us in FG range near the end."
None touchdowns. Hammy pull midway through 2nd qtr.
Hopefully a few but Juju is on my fantasy team so...
"You answered it in the picture, man...30"
European stuffed monkey meme.
F
/r/agedlikemilk
"None, because he’ll end up injured during the game. 

I hope not, but man the dude is injury prone."
I don't care if we win or not I just want big b to get the feel again
"Bold prediction- Connor pops off with 140 rushing yards, 2 Tds, 50 receiving yards"
1 rushing
A 2 point conversion
6-7
69
Hopefully non for my matchup sake
He needs three for me to win fantasy. Let's go!!
Hopefully 3 because I’ve got him in fantasy against Derrick Henry
Hopefully 0 cause if he scores more than 11 points I’ll loose this week on fantasy
"I hope a lot, since he's my only starting RB, I'm 15 points down, and the other person has Barkley.

It'd take a miracle, so go James."
"What are your guys' predictions for defense tonight for sacks, turnovers, and chances of a defensive TD against Danny Dimes? GL and kick their asses!"
100%. No if ands or buts. I won’t accept any other outcome.
If it’s 3rd and long just punt
My fantasy opponent has the Steelers D/ST so that pretty much confirms it
My fantasy NEEDS some defensive TDs
Threads like these make me think this will be a trap game
High
I honestly think if the giants are smart it’s going to be run game strong and quick slants to minimize the pass rush. If anything it will be a fumble or a botched lateral pass. That being said it’s the giants and they aren’t smart
"Predicting that Giants won’t score 2 TD’s, I don’t think they’ll even pass the 15 points mark"
"Honestly I'd say very low. 

I think we will be stacking the box on Saquon all night to make danny-boy throw...and get 3 picks but none for 6.

That's my prediction."
"There was a post a while back showing the giants tweet asking who the receiver of Danny Dimes first TD would be, and someone replied Minkah. I’m sticking with him"
Random.
[deleted]
Best bet is to try both during the pregame show. Maybe call someone on the phone who is watching and see which one is better synced up.
"Choose the one with ""better"" commercials"
Trying to get some ideas for the little gathering we are having.
The tears of giants fans.
"Go pick your ass up one of those premade rotisserie chickens from Walmart, giant eagle, wherever. Get a pack of restaurant style tortilla chips, Mexican shredded cheese, sour cream, corn, black beans, jalapeños. Throw the chips down on a sheet pan and then just load them up with everything. Pop them in the oven for like 10 mins at 400 degrees until the cheese is melted and the chips start to brown. Big ass tray of nachos for less than $20"
I am going to sous vide some flank steaks this afternoon and do a steak fajita spread for the boys
Bigham Tavern wings!
"Just cross-posted to our /r/NYGiants Gameday Grub Thread a few minutes ago. Feel free to join us there for ideas!


https://www.reddit.com/r/NYGiants/comments/isk06x/gameday_grub_thread_whatcha_got_cookin_for_todays/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf"
"Buffalo cauliflower wings and loaded fries, with some Moosehead to wash it all down"
"Leftovers, beer, and whatever's in the cupboard."
I live in Jersey. Have some friends coming by( Giants fans) for some typical smack talk. Making some lasagna and getting some Korean Wings and have some corn nuggets. Gonna be a good night
"Homemade chicken pesto pizza, it’s my favorite game day food."
"Southern Tier variety pack, meatball hoagie, and Cajun wings for me probably

but mostly beer"
Probably kraft mac and cheese and granola bars cause I’m fucking broke
"Wife took the week off (we were supposed to get married on Saturday but... 'rona...) so she decided to just keep the honeymoon time off.

She says she's making a bloody mary bar and a bunch of appetizers. 

+Spicy bourbon meatballs

+Wings

+Nachos"
Crab Rangoon pizza. It’s the best.
"Usually slam WAP (wings and pizza) on gameday but I’m on a diet right now... probably just chicken and rice, lightly salted with the tears of giants fans."
Bacon cheeseburgers with grilled onions and A1.  Couple of silver bullets. Rockin the 39 jersey I got for Christmas last year.
"We live in Philly, but for every season opener we make Primanti sandwiches. My mom is the mastermind behind the idea and has been fine tuning the ingredients for years. She's gone through several revisions. Different coleslaw recipes, ordered the fries from various pizza places to replicate authenticity. They've become pretty damn delicious in the past few years."
Fried oyster po boys
Local bars wing night so I'm going to have about 28 wangz in my mouth by halftime
"**NACHOS AND BEER!!!!!**

Than after I smoke a couple bowls I'll eat whatever my wife brings out of the kitchen.

As long as it isn't made from fucking cauliflower, LOL"
"Last time I watched the Steelers/Giants play it was on a cruise ship in the middle of the Caribbean. All the beer and wings I could eat while watching the game with a bunch of Steeler fans. Awesome time.

I suppose I'll recreate that experience... Beer and wings!"
Wings baby!
NACHOS
Mineos of course!!
"Roasted chicken, roasted potatoes, roasted green beans and cantaloupe."
Chipolte
"Beer cheese, pretzels, buffalo cauliflower"
"Toasted Ravioli, if you don’t know, they’re the fucking BOMB"
BEEF JERKEY AND PEPPERONI ZAAAAAAA!!!!!
either a 75 cent chicken pot pie or a can of soup.
I'm the only one eating kielbasa and sauerkraut?
Wings (fried and sauced) and fries (frozen...don’t judge) with a buffalo dry rub sprinkled over them.
McDonalds
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Juju's poor fingers
"Fake, his arm is bigger than that. Get out of here u dirty browns fan"
can't believe you photoshopped my arm on him
He really was addicted to porn.
[Morty?!](https://pm1.narvii.com/6610/e0dcd18e2b74c1140445d7297a10582bf9247270_hq.jpg)
Haters will say it's photoshopped
I love this. It’s so stupid.
Did ya hear?! Bens arm is better than ever. The only problem is he throws way too fucking hard now
Gives me a Armothy vibe from Rick and Morty.
Lowkey james connors arm looks like that
Looks legit to me. Let's go!
"I hate to break this down, but this picture might be photoshopped... I know it is very subtle, but I realized because no tank top has one sleeve.
Oh and by the way, Ben's arm seems smaller than what I recall..."
The Bengals are playing the Browns on Thursday night. Ben will probably get 400 yards in that game.
Quagmire!?
Holy shit is that Brady Quinn
Me after quarantine
BuT lOoK hOw FaT hE iS!!!1!1
SUPER BOWL
Funny after quarantine my right arm is the same size. Just for different reasons
He could sling it over Mt. Worshington
I'm surprised he can even put his arms straight down to his sides.
[https://i.imgur.com/OL2DlE4.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/OL2DlE4.jpg)
"I don't know guys, I think this might be photoshopped"
"i can't be upset even if we lose tonight.

I'll still be glowing with joy after what happened to Brady."
Oooo weee! That elbow hitting at a perfect right angle! LETS GOOOOO BABY!!
OMG 😳
Fuckin wanker
"Gentlemen, we can rebuild him."
I seen dis one on rick and Morty
W
Nine Lives ~~Blade~~ Ball Works
Take my strong hand..
I thought he quit porn?
Looks normal to me
Our dad is back
"""been watching some of that internet porn"""
I heard from Qanon that Pornhub was an integral part of his rehabilitation plan...
Armothy!
Porn addiction coming throughhhhhh
You people are idiots. It’s photoshopped. LMAO. Look how much they reduced his left arm. It looks lopsided and out of proportion to his throwing arm (which may have been reduced as well).
reddit is astonishingly stupid sometimes. this is one of those times.
Yeah he wishes that was is arm nice look
[deleted]
""
""
"I understand the whole point of this is to be negative, but this piece doesn't even do it well... it willfully misinterprets everything and just rehashed the same old worn out criticisms and jokes."
So all he has is political rants and doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Got it
That guy got real butthurt when he got fired from deadspin.
I’m more upset about them calling all of PA awful. We disowned central/southwest PA a long time ago
He could’ve at least researched who the QBs are on the team.
why did he mention ab going to the patriots when he only played one game for them
Lol trying to keep an old deadspin tradition alive
""
"I keep seeing history about his past posted and wanted to take a moment to address something.

&#x200B;

The point of our legal system is that everyone deserves their day in court. Only in a court, through arguments of reason and presentation of verifiable facts can someone be deemed guilty or innocent, and only there can a sentence be given. One of our founding fathers, John Adams, famously defended a group of british soldiers who were almost victims of mob justice after they were involved in firing on an unruly crowd. It would have been easy to railroad them, to allow them to suffer an injustice for the purposes of public sentiment, but there was something more important at stake and that was the perseverance of liberty.

&#x200B;

Its easy to say that everyone deserves their day in court when you think a person has been unjustly accused. It is the true measure of justice when someone receives their day in court when the opposite is assumed.  People can argue all they want about whether or not this individual was a good person or not, I don't care, it really doesn't matter. Good or bad, god only knows, we all deserve our day in court, and you don't get one when the police shoot you 3x in the back as your run away."
"If the NFL is really serious about the message of ""End Racism,"" the Steelers wearing ""Tree of Life"" on their helmets would have been a powerful message as that's the worst act of racist violence this city has seen in a long time. Especially since the league was silent after current and former players defended anti-semitism in the wake of Desean Jackson's hateful comments. Instead, the Steelers are going to wear the name of someone who shot and tried to kill someone in a drive-by that the victim identified as his attempted murderer."
Wasnt he the shooter in a drive by that almost killed someone?
"I've seen a lot of comments about how Antwon Rose is the wrong person to honor or isn't deserving of it. I think with Antwon the message is that he was a 17-year-old honors student who made a bad decision and paid for it with his life. Black kids just aren't given the same leeway to make mistakes as, say, a Kyle Rittenhouse.    

Antwon had the potential to get with the right crowd, grow past this incident, but it was taken away from him by a cowardly cop. Obviously a different story than Breonna Taylor or Philando Castile, but I don't think that disqualifies it from being told. Especially with it happening so close to home."
"This is how redditors want the police to act

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XK2HTrSOo-E"
"Guys I think we are all missing the point. Everybody deserves their day in court in this country. A lot of black people are getting denied that and that’s the problem I think we are trying to highlight. I personally think police have a hard and stressful job but at the same time it’s their duty to bring people to justice in the right way. 
Go stillers"
"Truthfully, they could’ve found someone better to honor. Did he deserve to die, no. But if you run from the police when they try to arrest you for being involved in a drive by shooting, these things unfortunately happen."
David down would have been a better choice
"Antwon Rose got what they all deserved. Rosfeld may be a shitbag, but it is perfectly legal to shoot fleeing suspects (even in the back) in some situations.

From 18 Pa.C.S. 508:

""\[A Peace Officer\] is justified in using deadly force only when he believes that such force is necessary to prevent death or serious bodily injury to himself or such other person, or when he believes both that:

(i) such force is necessary to prevent the arrest from being defeated by resistance or escape; and

(ii) the person to be arrested has committed or attempted a forcible felony or is attempting to escape and possesses a deadly weapon, or otherwise indicates that he will endanger human life or inflict serious bodily injury unless arrested without delay."""
Honor a suspected fleeing attempted murderer  ...disgusting to me . Not for me...bye Steelers.
Terrible look for the Steelers. Makes my decision to not watch this season very easy.
"Talk all you want about Antwon.  The real story here is why that ""officer"" is not in jail.  That's clearly at least negligent homicide."
Was this rashard mendenhall's idea
"The fact that the Steelers are Honoring this guy like he was a Hero...is embarrassing. 

They pretend that we don't know the facts of the case. They pretend that we don't know who this guy was and what he was really into. 2020 Thug life, I guess."
""
OBJ going to the Browns wasn't surprising considering he likes shit 🤡
The Browns Dynasty = finishing 3rd in the AFC north every year
That's what happens when you have a QB and WR more interested in being celebrities than football players
Lmao the safest bet to make every year is Browns miss playoffs no matter what. Never fall for the hype. It’s been this way for decades
[deleted]
Browns do to the sport what women do to OBJ.
“James Conner will stay healthy” ☹️
Mayfield seems like a nice kid. I hope the Browns become more competitive. I'd rather see the bungles be the doormat of the division.
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"Yeah calling it now. First pass is a bomb to Washington, basically saying fuck all you who doubted me. 

Did it against denver in 15 with his ac joint sprained too"
"Can an over/under be a yes/no question?

Like, over/under what?"
I dont think you know how over/under works
It'll be a bubble screen or a 3 step drop.
Over / under what?
First pass is going to be a pass to the flat. Either to Ebron or a Conner on a chip and release. My bold prediction. Hope I’m wrong and it’s a bomb to Juju for 97 yards though.
I just keep envisioning his very first throw being a long ball and just how refreshing that will be after last year.
Long bomb down the sideline to Diontae first play or a passive run with Conner.
HUCK IT CHUCK IT FOOTBALL ALL NIGHT!
over and its a flea-flicker to chase claypool
Over. His first pass will be TWO long balls
More like over/under on first long ball being an incompletion
whats the over under for how many yards his first pass will be?(not counting YAC)
I wanna see him just launch it as far as he possibly can to no one in particular
I’d say the line is 0.5. I’ll bet the under
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"I expect people to be surprised at the Steelers offense. Lots of motion, maybe some jet sweeps, shovel passes, misdirection, etc."
[deleted]
Daniel jones shit stains in his pants
"From us: What's the usage of Diontae Johnson? Is he taking the next step? How are we using Ebron, since we've not really used the position well? Will our pass rush be the same without the interior threat of Hargrave?"
"For us: contain Barkley and force Daniel Jones to throw.

For giants: can their pass defense improve this year after ranking 30th last year? 

I think you’ll see Ben really air it out tonight with his new weapons. Ebron will get a TD."
"How does the Steeler's new-look IOL perform against a stout defensive line? 

* David DeCastro is out. 
   * Stefen Wisniewski, while experienced, is new to us and will be starting in his place at RG. 
   * Matt Feiler, who spent most of his career at tackle will be our starting LG. 
* The Giants have a high pedigree on DL.
   * Two first round picks in Leonard and Williams at DE. 
   * A second round pick in Tomlinson at NT.

Does Ben Roethlisberger gel with his new weapons?

* Inconsistent veterans.
   * Juju has the most snaps with Ben at over 1,600, but he also shared those with AB. Can he perform without MBC? I say yes, but we will see.
   * James Conner is a good-great RB when healthy, but has missed 11 games in his three year career so far. Can he stay healthy?
   * Vance McDonald has chemistry with Ben and is often remembered for his stiff-arm of Chris Conte, but he has a tendency to disappear. In his three seasons with the Steelers, he has had more than 50 yards just 5 times.
* New faces.
   * Diontae Johnson, while promising, has only caught 3 balls from Ben in-game.
   * Chase Claypool sounded great in training camp, but is a rookie. Can he pick up the nuances of the position and the playbook in time to be effective this year?
   * Eric Ebron seems like a fantastic free agent signing. Will he mesh with Ben?

&#x200B;

Personally, I am very optimistic about this season, as I should be. It is the day of our first game of the season! We will get answers to the questions listed above and soon. Here's to trophy #7 and an injury free season. Let's go Steelers!!!"
"Keys to the game 

Giants - Protect Daniel Jones, no turnovers. 

Steelers - Contain Barkley, who steps up at WR? 

Also Steelers O-Line gonna be different then it has been for years. Gotta see how they play."
"New pieces on the O line, can they protect the pocket?"
Stopping saquon barkley. If we stop the run we’ll win this game
Look for the winning team to score more points than the other team.
Contain Barkey. Protect Ben. That EZ
I want to see something from Eric Ebron. I think he has the potential to be the next Heath Miller  (great blocking as well as catching)
"-The amount of times we play Ebron flexed out with Vance also in the game.

-Time share at RB

-Banner at RT and our guard play

-Redzone offense with Ebron and Claypool

-Bush playing sound/avoiding over pursuit

-Dupree and Watt contain (I’m a little worried that they’ll pin their ears and go for Jones and rightfully so which will allow rushing lanes for Saquon/Jones and screens/dumpoffs to hit big)"
"Look for the Steelers on offense to try and score more than the giants.


On the opposite side, keep an eye out for the defense making stops a priority."
Your mom’s shirt off all 4 quarters
[removed]
"Two accusations, two thorough investigations, zero evidence, zero charges, 1 forever marred career."
"The one with the hotel employee was an obvious attempt at a gold-digger trying to get a piece for herself. She was bragging to her co-workers that she was going to get pregnant and have ""a little Ben"". 

The one in the bar, however, looked a lot worse. It felt like *at best* a guy trying really hard to get a girl to perform sexual favors. 

It's tough for me to cheer for the guy, but it does really seem like he's learned a lot from the stupid situations he used to put himself in."
[deleted]
"With all the injuries this season already, let's take a minute to give well wishes to both sides tonight.

No injuries pls."
"Blessed be the shoulder, ankle, and knee. Amen."
I hope Banner is ok... he was such a positive energy in the off-season.
Man jinxed it.
"My fam doesn’t have cable so will I get the game on the ESPN app on my phone/tv? I DONT have plus, just regular"
If those don’t work you can try either sportsurge.com or nflbite.com they provide you with a lot of different streams that are mostly reliable obviously some aren’t but there’s more good ones than bad
"I don’t think you can watch the game on the free version of ESPN, but Yahoo is streaming games for free this year: https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/live-video/"
""
""
"If I were guessing, him liking this tweet is less ""man I miss the Steelers"" and more ""oh yeah? watch this"" sorta thing. Not that *I* think he's gonna turn it around with NYJ, but *he* has to think he will."
"It’s not realistic from a cap perspective, but I’d LOVE to have him back. Great security blanket for Ben, we miss his pace and ability to take over games. Jets are misusing him SO poorly"
"Awful contract for the jets. Yet again, Steelers FO remains undefeated. 

All but guaranteed he gets cut in March. Just in time for us to let Conner walk.... 👀"
I'm not sure anyone could survive that coaching staff tbh
"Such a fuckin shame man, he’s so fun to watch on a real team"
He was the best RB in the league with us.
""
I would hate to lose JuJu even though our best bet is to pay the defense. Hopefully they can agree on a deal that works for both sides but there is the possibility he won’t be here next year :(
"I will be heartbroken if Juju leaves. He’s bought in to this team/city more than any other young stud WR we’ve had, but we also need $$$ for TJ down the line"
"As much as I love JuJu, if we pay him what he will likely be worth there is a big chance we wouldn’t be able to keep players who are more critical to the longterm success of the team. And not resigning AV or Conner yet makes sense, they both need to prove that they deserve to keep their spots at this point."
I mean there’s a whole period of time called the offseason where you can resign people
"I just have a feeling he is going to California. The guy likes Pittsburgh and it has been great, but he absolutely loves his family and his home. I bet we see him taking a friendlier deal in San Fran than pgh honestly."
"This f'in guy. 

If we *had* extended everyone his headline would be ""With season opener Steelers have little cap room in case of injury after spending big on dubious extensions"" 

Douche."
"With season opener hours away, expectation is Steelers aren't extending many key 2021 free agents right now. Team doesn't negotiate in-season, so Al Villanueva, James Conner, JuJu Smith-Schuster, others headed to free agency -- unless PIT can stop them first.

***

posted by [@JFowlerESPN](https://twitter.com/JFowlerESPN)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
"Maybe JuJu wouldn't accept it based on his current value, but he's a guy I'd have liked them to get done. If he goes off this year, we lose him or we pay him a Brinks truck."
""
">“Bill Nunn goes into Alabama A&M and he takes all the film on John Stallworth and he tells the coach, ‘I’m going to copy the film and send it to the other scouts,’ ” said Wooten, retelling the most infamous Nunn tale of all. “And to this day, he has never sent us a copy of any of those tapes. To this day.”

based"
"I didn't know his son, Bill Nunn III was Radio Raheem in Do the Right Thing.  Wouldn't it be great if Spike Lee would make the Bill Nunn Jr. movie?"
""
Dude....awesome
That’s sick man
Love em! Keep doing great work!
Those are gorgeous 😍
Those look awesome!
"These are bad ass, but we all know he'll sprain an ankle at some point."
"Very nice, the trouble is that they wont be very durable 😫"
His last game as starter.... love the guy ... just saying
"I'm at a bit of a loss here.  I'm out of market and would be willing to pay for something to dependably watch all the games this year but it seems there really isn't an option.  I'm not willing to sign a 2 year contract with directv and a 70 dollar a month subscription to sunday ticket on top of that.  Game pass only gets me the games after the fact.  And all the other stuff like sling and Fubo etc all just get me the channels for in market games but I'm on the other side of the U.S.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised by these predatory practices and blatant violation of antitrust but are my options actually either get directv for two full years with sunday ticket for a whopping 200 dollars a month or go to a bar in the middle of a pandemic to watch these games? Our options are either prohibitively expensive and binding, illegal and undependable, or profoundly irresponsible?  Am I actually understanding this right?"
"nflbite.com

Free, and you get all games :)"
"Sharing the same frustration. I live in an apartment building where I cannot switch to DirecTV if I wanted to. I am also ineligible for the standalone Sunday ticket based on my address.

I’d shell out $10-$20 per out-of-market game in a pay-per-view format. I’d pay $400+ a season for a standalone Sunday-ticket like service where I just get all games. The fact that I am willing to pay a lot of money to watch out-of-market games and I am completely unable to do so is mind-boggling.

So I’ll stream them illegally for free. Their fault, I tried to give them my money."
"There is another way, it’s still legally questionable but as far as I know it’s very unlikely to cause you any problems(and IMO it’s not really hurting anybody). You can sign up for the student version of the Sunday Ticket(which allows you to purchase the Ticket as a stand alone product for $100 for the season), all you need is the name of an enrolled student and what school the go to(all the other info can be yours). Student athlete names are public information and most of them don’t take advantage of the program."
"In some circumstances, you can get Sunday ticket without directtv. Google Sunday ticket without directtv and you can check your address eligibility. I did it the last year before I moved back to the burgh."
"https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iqpulc/looking_for_opinions_best_way_to_watch_online/

You can get a free 24 hour trial right here:

https://www.vhosting.io/cart.php?gid=1 referral code: 27042

I pay for 6 months at a time for $38, been using this particular service for about 2 1/2 years. I have others for backup, but this one is my fave. They have a discord group for customer service and they are always active.

You can use it on a PC/laptop/firestick/roku"
Reddit
There is an NFL app that I have that lets me watch games.  Check out the App Store.
"I signed up for YouTube TV yesterday. Redzone is part of the sports addon but it looks like I should be able to watch all the NFL games this season. Comes in around $80 total. CBS, FOX and NBC are included, so is ESPN and NFL network. The local affiliates will depend on what market you're in but I do get the local ones KDKA, WTAE AND WPXI. I was getting pissed trying to stream Redzone yesterday and caved."
"College students only pay $100.00 for NFL Sunday ticket that plays in the nfl sunday ticket app on your phone or smart TV.  Have any friends in college that will let you ""borrow"" their email addresses?  It has to be a legit .edu address."
"I personally believe that DirecTV should offer pay per view games as an alternative to Sunday ticket. You could  offer individual games at a price of $2-3/game for fans of a certain team who lives out of market and doesn’t want to subscribe to Sunday ticket.

Actually, the the cost of NFL Sunday Ticket($395)....divided by 32 teams = 12.34....divided by 16 games per season= $.77/game.

So,if they opened up individual games at the cost of $2/game? They would actually make more per game than they would with Sunday ticket. It would be beneficial to someone like me... who can watch every game except for when the Steelers play a home game vs an NFC opponent, and the Eagles play at the same time...Our FOX station broadcasts the Philly games.

I would gladly pay...hell... even $5/ game to catch those one or two stray games that I can’t watch."
PM and ill send you a link to my IPTV service.  Its worked flawlessly for about a year now and it has every sports event and PPV.  They have an app you can use for your phone or smart TV or you can even import the m3u into third party apps like tivimate (recommended).  You can also watch via a web portal as well.  I dont get any referral bonuses or anything (I don't think lol never looked) but I can just give you the website as it should be open for signups.
[deleted]
""
"Not complaining about this, because it's awesome and also a repost, so I've already seen it. But, can you really say ""no cameras"" when this is a video of what's happening...?"
"He's just such a solid human being.  I love the guy.  I hope he balls out this year, gets paid big time, and stays a Steeler forever.  Oh and gets at least two rings."
Love it
Is there any way I can stream tonight’s game for free? I don’t get espn through my comcast package :[
Yahoo is streaming games for free this year: https://sports.yahoo.com/nfl/live-video/
Go to sites like SportSurge or buffstreamz
Sling tv trial
NFL App on mobile
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at New York Giants

MetLife Stadium- East Rutherford, NJ

Network(s): ESPN

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:19|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * *|3|13|0|10|26|
|Giants|3|7|0|6|16|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|NYG|FG|1|(10:37) G.Gano 21 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-C.Kreiter, Holder-R.Dixon.|
|PIT|FG|1|(:54) C.Boswell 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|NYG|TD|2|(13:54) D.Jones pass deep middle to D.Slayton for 41 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|NYG|PAT|2|G.Gano extra point is GOOD, Center-C.Kreiter, Holder-R.Dixon.|
|PIT|TD|2|(9:07) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 10 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|TD|2|(:14) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to J.Washington for 13 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|FG|4|(14:24) C.Boswell 36 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|TD|4|(5:28) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass short left to J.Smith-Schuster for 8 yards, TOUCHDOWN. PIT-Z.Banner was injured during the play.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|NYG|TD|4|(1:56) (Shotgun) D.Jones pass short middle to D.Slayton for 7 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Giants | 4 | 25 | 29 | 262 | 20 |
| Steelers | 3 | 21 | 141 | 208 | 19 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^durnig ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iszh2a/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_new_york/)
"Big Ben is one of those Cold War-era fridges you find in the corner of your grandma's basement. It's only stocked with old soda and when the compressor kicks in it sounds like a 747 taking off, yet somehow it still runs.

And I wouldn't have it any other way."
the worst thing about the masks is that we won’t get any quality tomlin faces
James “Nate Washington” Washington
"Giants: *call a run*

Steelers: So you have chosen... a loss"
"My favorite part of this game is how Ben is tricking the giants into thinking the offense is rusty with that first series.


Buckle up guys"
nervous af
"These past few months have been some of the worst of my life with depression and relapsing. Haven't had anything to get excited about for the future. Tonight is the happiest / most excited I've been in a long time. Even if we lose it's great to just watch some football and call my dad at halftime to catch up.\\

Edit: Thanks so much for all of the kind words. It really means a lot as I've been pretty isolated the past few months. Steelers football and the weather cooling down so I can stay fishing longer is one of the things that makes me really excited in the fall. Things almost feel normal."
" Bro... Zach Banner in tears right now is killing me. As Ben and all the offensive linemen come over to him and he's trying so hard not to cry. This is breaking my heart. I hope our lovveable ""Tight End"" can make it back!"
ITS HERE
"Its official. All I have to do is post one hateful comment and we immediately score.  


So, for the sake of the steelers.   


This offense is garbage.  Fire Tomlin, Bens old, Juju overrated, Connor is useless, snell is a 4th stringer most placed. DJohnson can't get open.  


All of that should be worth at least 55 points. I have done my service boys."
"You, a “normal” person: Damn Ben throw it away you jackass.

Me, an intellectual: Prime Ben is back baby!"
We’re gonna be here til midnight if there’s a commercial break after every punt
FUCK THE FLYERS!
Williams making sure Jones leaves with PTSD (Pittsburgh Traumatic Sack Disorder) tonight.
Holy fuck I did not miss the people embarrassing themselves by overreacting in game threads.
Juju my man. He protec. He attack. He get the fumble back
"Mildly poor play: ANABABSBDB SEASON OVER

Legit next play is a pick: BEST TEAM IN LEAGUE 🌟🌟"
"Do these announcers not know player names?

Schuster-Smith?
Nate Washington?"
When 38yo Roethlisberger has more rushing yards than both teams starting RB’s
Washington pushed harder on that TD than I do taking dumps during commercial breaks.
"OFFICIAL CHASE CLAYPOOL HYPE TRAIN 

CHOO CHOO"
"Rushing leader:

Snell  23

Ben  11

Everyone else on both teams combined 6"
We were all excited for this season like we forgot the heart palpitations and anger this team comes with.
"Don’t show me a crying big man, Ima start crying too"
I feel so bad for Banner
"I feel so bad for Banner, he worked so hard to get the starter job and whatever is wrong, it did not look good."
Fuck I hope Banner is okay. Genuinely seems like a great guy
Zach crying makes me sad asf.....
"“Here comes the general!” 
Washington slamming into the end zone."
"Banner, you'll always be eligible in our hearts. Rest up. We'll need you."
God seeing Zach Banner cry is heartbreaking. He’s such a great dude. This is awful.
This whole drive TJ has been a fraction of a second from a sack or forcing a fumble. No time for jones
Connor needs to pick a lane and commit
I missed that Vintage Big Ben fuck you 2 minute drills
The funny part is I think OBJ would be having a much better career if he stuck with the Giants over the 💩
Does that make Ben our leading rusher?
BEN IS BACK IN HIS ELEMENT
[deleted]
Seeing Banner on the side there breaks my heart.
Not Zach. No.
My heart is broken
Yo Alex Highsmith might be a stud
"If you’re blaming Ben already then you’re not watching out OL getting torched and guess what, the Giants are barely blitzing"
"Hey Randy, maybe Ben should keep calling the plays."
"""that's my qb!"" ❤️"
"Bud Dupree is apparent 6’4” 270 pounds
I just about to shit myself"
"Everyone who wanted to run Juju out of town in favor of Dionte might want to wait a bit longer. 

Hoping the young dude bounces back with a huge second half"
You don’t cry unless your really afraid the season is over
"Banner:(
He’s an emotional guy no matter what. Hopefully he’s just scared that it’s something big when in reality he’ll be back soon. I’m hoping and praying for that."
"Imo, a ticky tacky 5 yard penalty should never be an auto first down unless the current down yards required is 5 or fewer. That kind of penalty gives so many free bailouts throughout a season."
oh a bonus mnf game as I drunk scout the Broncos...why thank you
"I would appreciate it if we could do two good things in a row, rather than doing one good thing and then doing a bad thing before we do another good thing"
"NO ONE TRIES TO OUTDO VINCE IN A CHRISTMAS LIGHT COMPETITION AND GETS THEIR WEEK ONE QB NOT DEMOLISHED AS A CONSEQUENCE

#NOBODY"
"Live by the Ben, die by the Ben. You want those spectacular extended plays you're gonna have to eat some coverage sacks once in awhile"
"JuJu is back, Big Ben is back, Snell is here, Johnson looking legit, Washington showing up, Mapletron in the mix, Ebron sneaking in, this offense is ready to wreck some shit!"
Game. Blouses.
"So it was the QBs not juju, are we good with that now"
Call Ramon Foster
Thank you Ref commentator.
Bud is eating these dudes alive tho
Ben is S P E E D
"Eli at home telling kids ""I used to play against that Ben"""
"Hell yeah, way to quiet the crowd 😎😎😎"
I like when Large Benjamin does Large Benjamin stuff.
wtf is that squeaking? anyone else hear that? is it my tv?
"Don't panic, there's a turnover coming"
Really wish we were up by 10 instead of 9
Watching Johnson return balls is a little unnerving not gonna lie.
CAN YOU SNELL... WHAT THE BENNY IS COOKIN’
"That can't be possible tho.

r/NFL told me JuJu wasn't a #1 reciever."
Oh no banner. Was starting to put it together. Thats not good.
Love seeing Coach T and Ben coming over to talk to Banner. So sad seeing his face though
I've never seen a man frown harder
The city of Pittsburgh is gonna be heartbroken for him.
LMAO they using Madden models for stand ins?
i am not letting the new york football giants beat us
That sack was something else
And with that Ben has more rushing yards than Conner.
Mods can u set the default comment to new
Let’s just let Ben take over play calling from here on out.
I'm waiting to hear them play boos for the refs.  I want that *real* crowd experience.
Holding isn’t being called this year
if you dont like 10 second long coverage sacks you dont like steelers football that simple
It's just nice to have a defense that forces turnovers again.
Ladies and gentlemen let's all remember that this is our defense game 1 with no pre season. I'm getting chills thinking about October football.
"Bleed it down to 4 minutes, score a TD, lock in my -6 line. Thanks."
"My goddamn heart just broke for Zach Banner. He worked his ass off, became the starting RT, had a great first start, and there’s a decent chance his knee hurt blew out. Fuck"
NO! NOT MY FAVORITE ELIGIBLE RECEIVER! :(
That right tackle has been false starting all night long
Steven Nelson not having his best night after the fact he should've been an All-Pro last year.
It's been so long. I need to see Watt punch someone in the dick
So what's Duprees contract gonna look like...
"Wondering why the OL is bad?

We’re short Decastro to be fair, but we also took a top 5 RT in the AFC and moved him inside, then started a career practice squadder in his place. 

It’s either gonna take time to gel due to shortened offseason, or it’s gonna fail. But we can’t evaluate it adequately after one game"
Weak ass PI Call
BINCE DID A ZOLTAN!!!
I think I saw Jason Garret clapping after that sack
Vince Williams threw up the Zoltan
[deleted]
"Snell 5 carries 23 yards. 4.5 avg. Connor 6 for 9 yards. 1.5 avg.   


Feed. Snell. MORE."
CGI Big Ben kill it! Kill it with fire!! Oh my god that was horrifying looking.
[deleted]
"Man this Nate Washington guy seems pretty good, when did we pick him up??¿"
From Twitter:  James Washington does not skip Leg Day
I thought my speakers were dying holy fuck that hurt
That hold on TJ was unreal
They’re just letting them blatantly hold Watt
"If you had ""Cam Heyward interception"" on your scorecard, congratulations lol"
Hilton coming at him like he wants his lunch money lol
"So the linebackers are getting INTs and the cornerback is getting the sack? A little odd, but not in a bad way."
"Commercial after Commercial 

Can't say I missed this ffs"
imagine if big ben became our offensive coordinator after he retires
"Benny ""Saquan Barkley"" Snell"
"#BENNY

#SNELL

#FOOTBALL"
Can we get a BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL train going?
"Did


Did we just get a big run????"
Gotta love that realistic stadium silence.
I've missed this steelers football so much!
[deleted]
zach banner is too pure for this world
I know it's garbage time but Steven Nelson giving up 2 TDs not good.
Can we get an actual replay of that penalty or are we just going to take the refs word for it?
"Let’s go steeler nation!!!! Nervous af to see Ben today, he’ll probably be rusty at first but get into a groove. Can’t wait to see tuitt, cam, TJ and Bud against this offensive line"
Defense just bailed Johnson out
This defense is beautiful
You all see that handoff?? Elbow looked great!
A 3 & out is not what we needed after the defense was out there for two straight drives.
How long does Progressive have Baker under contract? They definitely overpaid on that deal
Everyone breathe. This is tradition to start vanilla and slow.
We've got other receivers than Connor guys
Can't wait to pair that with a 1 yard run by Conner on the next play.
"Get Conner out of there, he's killing them with his inability to do anything."
defund the refs
"Defense is still really good

Nothing to see here"
Did 🅱️ince just bring back the Buccos' Zoltan?
"Would be nice to be tied right now 


*looks at Boswell*"
Pepperidge Farms remembers when our OL was elite
"Steeler scientists used something called ""scissors"" to create this special arm jacket"
Like an elegant rhinoceros.. gallivanting
"Fuck, Washington that was fantastic"
That some farm boy strength!!!
MOTHERFUCKER BUCKED HIS LEGS LIKE A DONKEY LMAOOO
I love Nate Schuster-Smith!
Farmboy Strength is an ability some consider unnatural.
I can’t wait for tj’s first sack tonight. And bush with 6 great tackles so far. AND bud is a monster. Saquans numbers are insane
Anyone know why we haven't involved Derek Watt in the run game?
Herbstreit and Fowler are such a huge improvement from last year.
What a throw by Ben. He is so fucking back
"BENCH EDMUNDS PUT HEYWARD AT SS

ITS SO OBVIOUS TOMLIN"
Cam that was majestic as fuck
HEYWARD JUST CAUGHT A FUCKING INTERCEPTION??? LOL
CAM AND BUD SAYING FUCK YOU AND YOUR 19 PLAY DRIVE
"BIG MAN PICK

BIG MAN PICK

WE HAVE A BIG MAN PICK TONIGHT!

LET'S GO CAM!"
Massive question for earlier in that drive. Did anyone else see TJ get held harder than a newborn baby???
"Ah yes, Cam and TJ getting the first 2 picks of the season, just as I predicted"
"Oh mama, I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law..."
Hilton has a sack and Heyward has an INT. This truly is a blessed defense.
[deleted]
Legit heartbreaking that Connor is hurt again
Fuuuuuuck I love Conner's story so much but if he can't cut it this season... idk. Can't have your starting RB missing nearly have the freaking season again. #Snellyeah
"Small sample eye test

Snell > Conner"
Its a beautiful thing to see this offense and defense together at last
Good to have a competent QB again.
I love seeing this after all the juju slander last year and offseason
"BOSGOD!


Please be okay Banner."
Please tell me Banner isnt hurt. please holy shit
"Fuck dude, not Banner"
Feel bad for banner. He looked bad early on but seemed to have shored it up a bit
Oh my god seeing that look on Banner's face... Fuck man...
Damn the look on Banner's face was haunting
Finally gets the starting job and his season may be done :( that freaking sucks
That shot of Zach's crying face coming up will stay with me for a while 🥺
Good play by Haden
I almost forgot what it’s like to put up 20+points a game
Glad we signed Watt
"Damn I already love Claypool. Sliding so the clock keeps running and they can kneel, showing that emotion, making that great sideline catch. Damn it’s good to have Steelers fb back"
"No matter where you are. No matter the injustices you are dealing with. No matter how you are coping with a world of turmoil and uncertainty. No matter the crippling anxiety you carry on a daily basis...

I hope you are safe and well. And I hope that for four hours a week - with the exception of bye weeks - you can just let go of the pressures on your shoulders and cheer for the greatest football organization in the history of the sport. 

Say it with me:

HERE WE GO STEELERS, HERE WE GO!!"
Ben has more rushing yards than Barkley. My dick is hard
Giants fan here...... Bud Dupree is a fucking savage GGs. Always respect some classic Steelers football
Feed Benny Snell
diontae johnson should be cut comments incoming
I'm sorry for doubting you Ryan Switzer
NO BEN NO LIMPING
So far... Snell over Connor
Who’s ready for a run run pass drive ft. Conner?
This is the most Steelers game ever
Can't wait to hear what pat mcafee has to say about that
I’m REALLY hoping boz isn’t foreshadowing here.
I need more Claypool !!
Man I wish we could sign Bud
If only our offense was half as good as defense
Ah good ol Ben Roethlisbamba
Did I hear Nate Washington??
"James Washington outperforming Diontae Johnson, a surprise to be sure but a welcome one"
How about Ben call the rest of the game and Randy stays in the locker room.
Juju forcing that friendly fire was a vet move
James Washington gave a hell of an effort and showed fantastic balance and drive right there. LETS GO
"For those of you who would argue with me and disagreed, this offense is not friendly to young QBs. Look at how much time Ben spends just reading the defense before the snap, making adjustments, the quick timing throws that he diagnosed would be there before the snap, the calculated risks of when to hold the ball. All of this shit is near impossible for guys like Mason Rudolph and Duck Hodges.

Please understand, the freedom Ben has under Randy Fitchner is incredible for an experienced QB who can do all these extremely high level things. But if he gets hurt again I have no doubt in my mind we are just absolutely assfucked on offense."
"A bit upset Johnson is strugging (I've got him in a few fantasy leagues too,) but it's great to see Juju on FIRE and Washington doing well!

&#x200B;

Maybe we get to see some Claypool action in the second half?"
"So happy Steeler football is back. Washington just steam rolled his ass into the end zone, I love it"
Oh my fucking god the mic feedback...
"Colquitt, a punter that doesn’t make me want to off myself"
I feel like everyone in here is a cord cutter and we are all at different timestamps in the game.
"That's just good defense by Bradberey, perfect play."
I counted 4 holding calls how many did you guys see?
How the FUCK is that not holding
No holding call on Watt??? Wtf
"Fucking Bud Dupree is going to make me miss him when we don't re-sign him...

Fuck"
Need a screen shot of cam in the air catching that ball. Lol. Pure elegance.
Fucking pay Juju
"Big al has been a liability the last 2-3 years, change my mind."
Put the nets closer to the posts so that I don't have to have a mini heart attack.
Mike Hilton you sexy fast.
i like to watch sacks more than interceptions man thats so hype
Hilton best blitzing corner in the league
How do we keep our whole defense? Can I start a gofundme to keep Bud?
This will be the #1 defense this year
Huge 3 and out. Let’s put 7 on the board and get our season started right with a W.
James “Questionable” Conner
Diontae is kinda off and still doing well
Snell not going OOB. Nice work
"It’s official, the Snell hype train is full steam ahead"
SNELLERS with the 100 yard day........No big deal
Side note is it possible to get this thread to automatically sort by new?
Juju muthafucka. Almost like he's a no 1 receiver if he has a starting qb
MAKE THAT MAN A STEELER FOR LIFE
I’m feeling pretty fucking good right about now.
Somebody check on mark madden
Goddamn it not banner.
Banner sad makes me sad :(
Damn banner crying looks bad i hope his season not over 🙏🏾
Noooo Banner.. 😭😭😭.. Hope it’s not too bad 🙏🏻
That was a beautiful swim move by Highsmith. He's gonna be a good pass rusher!
[deleted]
I don't like that this store brand Eli throwing TDs on us
Claypool with a big boy scream
Hate to see Banner go down. I think we all are rooting for him to do well. The one positive I saw was a pretty good block from Dotson on the trap play.
Protect juju at all costs
For everyone that didn't like Switzer...he sure as hell wouldn't have done that.
JuJu currently has 69 receiving yards.  Nice.
"Call me crazy but I've been kind of digging not having anyone in the crowd and being able to hear the players, snap counts, all that stuff. Some of the trash talk heard has been top notch."
I’d definitely like seeing Conner and Snell split carries. I like Conner but he’s not like a *THE guy*
Ben looks rusty but I'm sure he will shake it off after a few drives.
"Dissapointing offensive production so far, consistent bad reads and lack of blocking in the run game 

**BUT**

**THAT**

**D**

**THO**"
Conner is not the problem the o-line cannot hold onto their blocks.
Edmunds fucking whiffed that hit.
Wish I got to see that “PI” again...bullshit
Credit to the Giants there. Great play call for that situation.
BINCE
Fichtner 2: Electric Dookaloo
Bro why do we run on 2nd and 19 when we’re so fucking close to getting sacked in our own end zone
"Okay I'm as frustrated as any one else but let's look at this subjectively. We needed a preseason game, Ben certainly needed a preseason game. And if we can't have a legit preseason, what better team than the giants. Not in our division, not even in our conference. Pretty much a free game"
Fake crowd noise not really matching up.
Bud is playing his ass off
All 10 of the Giants points have been spotted to them. Their offense can’t score without an assist. So I’m still confident.
Who made this animation. Jfc
Lol that left knee was gamsemanship to set that up!
"You know Baltimore, your QB isn't the only running QB in the division."
"Good lord, how I’ve missed a Big Ben two minute drill!"
That was a great fucking drive to end the half. I honestly think we just have to give Ben some time to shake off the rust and let everyone gel during this shortened season.
Let Ben call the plays forever. That’s what we get. When Randy calls em we get first and second down runs that net 0-1 yards.
"Out of all starters in the league, Big Ben has won more Superbowls for his current team than any other QB. 

OR as /r/NFL puts it ""CaPtIan FAt fUcK leADeR oF MeN"""
Can’t help but think how much better off we’d be without that shit PI and muffed kick off return lol.
"Why does USAA advertise? Isn't it just for service members... and furthermore, wouldn't they know it's available to them? 

Seems weird that they'd advertise to the masses if the masses can't join."
Holding the Giants to -2 rushing is pretty cool
"ETHAN BRADBERRY!!!!

Oh wait, wrong subreddit."
"Love how Claypool was there, waiting for that fool to try and return that punt"
These holds are getting ridiculous
"Poetry in motion, Cam."
THAT SUCKS FOR THE GIANTS
Juju is a national treasure
"Juju really fucking putting in work...

I love him so much"
Tj will have a strip sack tonight. He’s earned it already.
Hope Big Al at least got a free dinner after getting fucked like that on national television.
Okay. It’s Minkah time
I missed Mike Hilton so much
Diontae looking like a young AB out here
"Me with Conner: I don't want to play with you anymore.

Snell to Me: Snell Lightyear to the rescue!"
"We MUST lock down Dupree, I don’t think it’s a question at this point. PAY the man"
Happy juju is best juju
I don’t want to hear any of you jokers complaining about juju
Haha I love Juju
Radio says Zack Banner is down
Ben with Juju in single coverage is money. They look damn good for a week one QB/WR duo.
Lol JuJu with the cutie-pie-lon cam celebration
Banner helped off without putting weight on right leg. Fuck
"JUJU IS BACK

HE HAS 66% OF HIS SEASON TOTAL OF TDS LAST YEAR IN ONE GAME THIS YEAR

ITS LIT"
Man hugs for Banner :(
Banner being hurt is gonna break my heart man. Hoping for the best
Please don’t let it be serious for Banner :(
I hope banner is ok
Not Banner man... take my knee. I don’t need it they much anyways
NOT BANNER :( :(
"Colts fan, I was really rooting for Banner. That is just devastatingly heartbreaking."
\#STAIRWAYTOSEVEN LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
We are with you BANNER. Come back strong my man!!!
You know this is still a two possession game. In today’s NFL it isn’t over. Let’s get a stop!
Still a two score game
Make Snell the starter even if Conner is healthy next week.
1-0 boys. Feels good to be back
I want Snell starting next week instead of Conner. He was far superior.
I LOVE EVERYBODY! HAVE A SAFE NIGHT
"Now for some Derrick ""195 yards 1/1 1TD"" Henry action."
Ben sounds like he’s changed damn. Sounds like a real leader for once.
And that's the reason why switzer was here for so long
Fuck all the juju haters. Boy is definitely a #1 receiver all day.
Unpopular opinion: Bud is legit and I really think the front office should do everything they possibly can to lock up him and Watt for the foreseeable future
Man. This sub sucks sometimes. Ben has one bad throw and we wanna shit on him. Last year should have been a lesson to you idiots.
TikTok is cancer
"This was my first game thread, I had a good time chatting with you guys. Thank you for that"
"GG r/Steelers from a Giants fan

Honestly a better game than I expected."
"If you don't like that, you don't like Steelers football."
"Defense still boner worthy, now let's see if the offense can bring me to completion.

Update: Randy Fichtner is edging me and im not happy."
"So how do we overreact if we drive down the field?


How do we overreact for a 3 and out?"
I'm about to overreact...
Run run pass. Repeat.
Looks like Minkah is our biggest offensive threat again this year
Conner gonna have a 100 yard game if they give him 50 carries tonight
It’s not obvious at all that we’re running it on 1st
Claypool is fucking huge.
remember that decastro is out so our oline isn’t at full strength
I will kidnap Mike Munchak right now. I swear to Bos. I have never seen an O line regress so much.
Randy looks like a 80 year old Jewish grandma in that mask
We give the ball to Conner and nothing happens. Hmmm I guess we’ll keep doing that until nothing happens again
Our O-line was never built to run the football when we wanted. We need the passing game as a threat to allow the running game a chance.
Does this color guy ever shut the fuck up.
"Why are we so bad at shit that shouldn't even be a concern(snapping, punt catches)? Every year there is something simple we are shit at."
oh fuck off refs
We are not getting enough pressure
Why is there a bullshit PI call on Haden every game?
Steelers need to be losing by at least 7 to get anything done.
Fuck it I guess we just don't need a replay of that PI
You know what’s next. Run run pass punt.
That’s the worst coverage from Nelson I’ve ever seen
What a great PI call lmao. Hardly even mentioned/showed it.
Fire Randy.  Out of a cannon.  Into the sun.
"Alright third and inches, time to whip out the Annexation of Puerto Rico"
Snell pass pro'd like a mf'er there.
"That better be a goddamn fluke Boz, we can’t do this bullshit again."
"We can't have all 3 phases be good at once!

That's not the Steeler way!"
New punter holding for boz. Connection not there yet
maria taylor is gorgeous
Holy fuck Vinnie he has a family!
"Christ, I missed this sub"
Vinny killed a guy
Did Vince throw up the Zoltan!?
Good god I miss munchak
really really missing Decastro right now
Yall always forget Ben starts slow. Gonna be worse with the year off and no pre-season
We need some Minkah in our lives.
Bud and Watt is all we need in life
Dupree is picking up where he left off last year.  Boy is he playing good
Oh boy that Dave and busters was cringe
Guys we’ve held one of the better running backs in the league to -8 rushing yards...
What the hell is that Ben graphic
These graphics suck
Ben hasn’t run like that in years
WITH THE GRACE OF A DRUNKEN GAZELLE!!
Was that ben or lamar jackson I couldn't tell the difference
Thought it was illegal to dive on a sliding qb
Tfw Ben has more rushing yards than Saquon
WAY TO GET IN THE ENDZONE
Run 2 minute offense rest of the game and this is a blowout
"God damn it Herbstreit, that's JAMES Washington not NATE Washington"
Nate Washington?!  Really?!  😂
Lmao Nate Washington
Is this what an offense is?
"Nate Washington??

Obiwanponder.jpg"
I love every single one of you here tonight!
Holy fuck I've missed my QB
OMG. That was priceless. Ju Ju making the Jets look like they're making a Marx Brothers movie.
We get ball back starting the second half
A QB driving right down the field? I missed this so much
The question of whether or not Ben is washed can be put away: he’s still nice with it
Weird how no one on the staff notices that we do great when Ben is calling the plays. We are going to come out the second half and do the same shit that wasnt working before.
Our run defense has me really excited. Lamar is gonna have to throw against our secondary.
"all things considered, to be ahead by 6 is a blessing LOL"
NGL. I love the early start.
-3 rushing yards in a half is the kind of defense that gets me excited in unreasonable ways
You guys defense is scary
Edmunds is the weak link
"Here’s a hint to all OC’s facing us this year, throw towards Edmunds."
Yea TJ definitely wasn’t being fucking held there or anything.
Refs swallow the whistles ffs.
Cam and Bud saving that drive
Dupree is giving me everything today
"INTERCEPTION FROM HEYWARD!!! 

GET FUCKED GIANTS! ALL THAT WORK FOR NOTHING! AB-SO-LUTELY NOTHING!!"
Lmfao absolutely devastating. 9 minutes off the clock in 19 plays just to end in a pick.
"Bud Dupree is KILLING it right now..... we all just said no matter what we lose him after this year, but I mean if he does this all year don’t we feel like we need to keep him? It’s gonna be so hard to lol"
That was definitely way cooler in cams head than it actually was lmao
Heyward leading the team in INTs.  god I love 2020
"BUD, I CAN ONLY GET SO ERECT"
THANK YOU JUJU
Thank God for JuJu.
You can hear juju at the bottom of the pile yelling “let’s go”
I’m loving Snell today (fumbles happen). Dupree is amazing today. JuJu is JuJu. I want that boy to be a Steeler for life.
James Conner no helmet on the sideline. He literally last a quarter.
Steelers D line lookin good tonight. They just gotta finish. It seems like they always right at Jones’ feat.
BOZGAWD
Don't scare me like that Boz
Goddamn it fowler stop tryin to jinx us.
Thank you Boswell for not making me poop my pants
Little out of sync at time but the offense is actually looking better than I expected. Should only improve from here but we gotta play Snell over Conner and get Claypool more touches
Absolutely love those Hilton blitzes
I’m so pumped for this season. With a defense like this and Ben only warming up WATCH THE FUCK OUT NFL
Steel Curtain? Is that u?????????
Fuck all these commercials
hot take: we don't need conner with Benny Snell Football.
Big Ben making up for lost time with Johnson.
"Snell is better than Conner.

Said what I said."
Smart move staying inbounds. Just don't lose that ball
Benny took Pepper's soul out his body with that head fake
He making some enchiladas cause Snell just blistered some Peppers.
Conner has a great story and is a great guy but he's just not it. I love him but we need to move on
"For a team that normally takes 3-4
Games after a preseason to warm up. Really really not upset at tonight."
Mach snell!! Mach snell!
[deleted]
"James Conner:
You're Benny Snell!

Benny Snell:
Yes.

James Conner:
You play running back.

Benny Snell:
Yes.

James Conner:
I play running back too.

Benny Snell:
So?

James Conner:
Well, are you better than me?

Benny Snell:
Well, I've never met you, but... yes."
I truly feel bad for James Conner he's an upstanding individual who just can't catch a break from the injury bug
I’m so happy for Juju 🥰
National treasure. Juju is a national treasure.
It's so nice to see Juju having fun with football again.
"Yo if any if you go to the Giants subreddit I hope you get banned from here fr. 

Don't be Patriots fans"
Ha ha. Fuck AB.
7 beers in feeling good lol
I’d love to see Juju’s celebration playbook.
Heartbreaking to see Zach like this
NOOOO Banner!
Zach :(
"I knew it was going to be more fun in this thread than /r/nfl 

Team threads are the new hotness, game threads are busted"
Fuck man. Losing Banner hurts. Nobody works harder
Not good seeing Banner like that
Is that mcl? Seeing him crying on the bench tells me he is done. Fuck is that heartbreaking
I am gutted.
Heart is breaking for Banner.
That's a ligament tear and he knows it. Wtf. We are not deep along the offensive line. God damn it.
This officiating crew sucks.
What the flying fuck is going on down there? Did this defense fall asleep or what?
Minkah was just gonna take engram all the way down and score a td
We need to wrap this up so Ben has enough time to score again. One more TD and he overtakes Eli for 8th most career TDs.
Good to see Ola and Highsmith rotate in and get some meaningful snaps.  I love raising up new blood and giving Bud/TJ a breather.
That’s a big time pass deflection there to keep it a 2 score game
Stefan has a pec injury and Banner has a knee injury according to steelers radio
Of course juju
"""...recovered by Smith-Schuster.  Why not, he's done everything.""  Lol"
"Jesus, 18 for 112, that's a stat line"
CAN I GET A MAPLETRON CHAIN
I appreciate Danny Smith wearing a face shield only so we can all continue to observe his absurd chewing habit.
"1-0 I’ll take it! 

Prayers up for Banner"
"Juju is happy man, Ben is happy. Really shitty about Conner and Banner. Great first game back, great feelings for this season."
"It's good to be back!! 1-0 baby!!

God I've missed our boys and I've missed all ya'll too!!!"
No pressure on the QB...
I'm seeing some rust. Let's get some WD40 on the field
Good defense bois
Big win for the D right there.
What a stand by the Defense
Johnson owes those boys a steak dinner
Great to see No. 7 back out there.
Would you have early season Steeler football any other way? Jesus
"Just the first drive.

We're going to get back to normal"
Looks like the D is gonna have to light a fire under the teams ass
That is the slimmest 275lb guy I have ever seen
"In case anyone was curious, I do not recommend Hulu as a live streaming service"
"So far

Good:defense looks like 2019

Bad:offense looks like 2019"
"Bud Dupree wants to EAT after this season.

He looks fantastic"
They’re running the exact same run play to the left and it isn’t working
Conner is getting frustrated by getting absolutely NO help.
"In an alternate reality, we keep Le’Veon and Benny goes to the Jets where Elton John’s classic plays on repeat for years in New York"
#BOSGOD!!!!!
"All rust aside, Ben looks good.  Bennysnellfootball looks good & Claypool already match what I expected so great on that."
Not a fan of a Conner centric offence
Your defense looks insane so far. Love to see it
"Randy is on fucking crack with this play calling. James is getting put in terrible situations, our line is barely getting a push and ben's still getting back to the speed of the game. Let him throw it!!!"
i miss munchak
"I’ve already seen Banner, Wisnewski, and Alejandro get worked. Don’t be surprised if you see us taking Oline in the draft."
"This isn't panic. This is just thoughts so far. Connor I don't think is the back of our future. I haven't been sold him since last year. I hope he picks it up, but he just seems so indecisive. Our O-Line looks pretty bad. Hopefully its just jitters. We'll see what happens. Ben has looked good and bad, but he had a year off.   


Lets go Steelers!"
Big Ben looks good so far! Hopefully he can get a little bit of those timing issues sorted out and can stay healthy
We’ve ran on every 1st down. Every set of downs has gone to 3rd down. Our goal shouldn’t be to get to 3rd and manageable. It should be to move the chains as early as possible.
a full quarter of no one saying James Connor had cancer. I could get used to this
I grilled like 4 pounds of wings so if anyone wants one just come over. Got beer too
That was a fast af first qtr
Like that was remotely catchable
It’s still early
Wait longer to call defensive PI ref my god
"I was told there would be suffocating defense


Stapler.jpg"
We dropped only 4 guys back in coverage and STILL couldn’t get to the QB... Giants drop like 6-7 guys back and get to Ben in 3 seconds
Someone needs to explain to me why that was PI.  Cause I didn't see it.
"We’ll bounce back, way way way too early to freak out. 

These dudes haven’t played anyone in 9 months, there is bound to be rust."
Okay just because there was a BS call doesn't mean you just lay down and let them score.
"The P.I looked like bullshit, but it's a one score game. We have a HoF QB. We've  been here before. We got this boys and girls. Buckle the fuck in."
Can we please just once blow out a shit team
"“Kind of a questionable call”

PI is ALWAYS questionable. The only blatant PI I’ve seen in recent history was the one the refs **didn’t** call in Saints/Rams two years ago.

Fucking bullshit officiating."
"Conner can fuckoff, seriously."
"Stop passing behind the line of scrimmage. Period. We have good receivers, put them to work."
JU JU
EVERYONE LAUGH AT THE BUNGLES
Vince Williams destroyed him
We have an Uh-O line.
Man fuck those overpriced safety razors bro.  Get a fuckin shavette and 200 blades for like 20 bucks and be done.  Spend the money on drugs or bills or charity or strippers or drug addicted charity strippers who need to pay their bills.
"Okay, its cute when he's eligible and all but.... yeh"
This offensive line is going to be rough to watch all season.
It would be nice if our special teams players would stop launching their bodies and just fucking wrap up
Bud Dupree is playing his ass off
"Ben is showing some rust but he's also showing big flashes of his old self. Can't wait till Dotson is ready to help out this run game, we need more fire up front."
They better fucking pay Bud
Tuitt was held for like that entire play and still got the sack.
I missed this defense.
"I hate to say it, but Saquon is going to get seriously hurt if not paralyzed if he keeps jumping like that. I’m not rooting for it, but it’s Fucking stupid"
Good God thats a terrible animation
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT BEN ANIMATION
Love Schuster-Smith
Meet our new receiver Schuster Smith Juju
THE RHINO RUMBLES DOWNFIELD!!!!
OH LAWD HE COMIN
Whenever Ben runs I hear him screaming *AAAAAAAA* in a very deep voice.
Look at my quarterback run 😢
Big Boy can run!
"RPO is coming midseason when Ben is the size of the Bus, I've said it before."
Ben has more rushing yards than Conner. Lol
Mobile QBs taking over the NFL
Man I really wanna see more Claypool. Especially in the red zone. Big bodied target.
Ben was like of shit my knee...nah I’m ok in the middle of that run
"That Ben face was a smile **and** a grimace, ESPN. We know that face."
That's a GREAT effort by Washington!!!
THE SECOND EFFORT
Thats the way to fight for the goal line!
James “James Washington” Washington
That was some fucking grown ass man shit
I fucking love James Washington
Absolutely sick second effort by Washington on the TD. Let's go boys!!!
Look how much Washington's ferocity pumped up that offense.
MY BOY JAMES WASHINGTON!!!!!!! HEART OF A PLUMBER!!!!
That was nice. I'm surprised Washington stayed on his feet. Super muscles.
Lol. Nate Washington
"Hear me out, I’m still perfectly optimistic this team can be elite. We put up 16 (should be 17) in a half and we wouldn’t see that last season. Ben has gotten better each drive and the defense is still scary fast and attacking the ball. It’s so early to be down and out. We got this"
It's alarming how much better we are in 2 min situations as opposed to standard offensive sets. I wonder what the difference is...
"I'm confused from watching last year.


So we take the ball and carry it into their end zone????"
BIG BEN ROETHLISBERGER
"I knew our offensive would take some time to get back into the swing. No preseason, post injury etc. Our D tho looks fucking killer as expected."
Ben looks good. James Connor does not
"Don't hate McFarland on the desk at all, actually."
"As a CFB fan, I generally like Fowler and Herbstreit, but you can clearly tell they're college football guys"
The offense struggled most of the first half along with the muffed punt yet we still have the lead? That's not bad.
"Halftime thoughts are the Oline looks bad and the offensive playcalling has also been bad. Snell looks like he’s ready for a bigger role but I’m not ready to give up on conner either.

Giants run defense is legit, I’m shocked they’ve been swarming to the ball so effectively"
Bro.... claypool looked special....
[deleted]
espn needs to man up and let us hear the players cuss on field. NBC with hockey needs to do the same thing.
JESUS FUCK MY EARS
"I've heard of replacement refs, but replacement audio mixers? Dafuq is that feedback?"
 Why go for the home run on 3rd and 5 instead of looking for the short slant
"Snell is the perfect name for a running back, check the German translation."
I’m just glad we tried throwing it down the field
"The Steel Curtain is fooking back baby!

AAAAAHHHHH!!! F I jynxed us!"
"Of course, Terrell Edmunds is getting smoked on a play. Again."
3rd & long and steelers giving up a 1st down. Name a more iconic duo
I swear Steelers give up the most 3rd and long every year.
Edmunds behind again.
Edmunds is more of a liability than Ryan Gosling in Remember The Titans
"Hold or block in the back there, wtf refs."
Edmunds was just outran by DANIEL JONES
"Edmunds doing nothing, just staring at Jones as he runs for the first down"
Edmunds outrun by Daniel Jones
We’re making Daniel Jones look like Patrick Mahomes on this drive. Absolutely inexcusable shitty defense.
THAT’S MY FUCKIN CAPTAIN!
All that work for nothing Jones. You fucking dork lmaoooo.
Bud fucking Dupree is the best player on the field tonight
lmao that was the most awkward looking INT ever. Love Cam!
LETTTSSSS GOO CAM!
LOL jones
BIG MAN WITH A BIG CONTRACT!!!!!
YESSIR CAMMMM
"Dupree can have my children, and I am a guy"
That drive was not good for my innards.
you can drive... but you SHALL NOT PASS (the goalline)
FAT MAN INT!!!!!!
"Ok offense please have a nice slow, burning drive to give the D a break."
Cam is worth every fucking cent he's getting and I'll fight anyone that disagrees.
This fucking espn ad is dreadful
I was a Dupree hater earlier in his career but he’s been the best player on the field tonight
I don't think I've seen Minkah on the field one time tonight.  Haven't heard his name either.  What's he doing tonight?
JuJu and Bupree just saved two massive mistakes in minutes. They better stay!
Snell owes JuJu dinner.
Well thats vintage Ben. You can’t say that’s not vintage Ben. A good sign?
"Cmon Ben, just get rid of it."
AV is getting bodied
Big Al got fucking manhandled.
This game is going fast
"Wearing a conner jersey, he's not the future."
Bozdaddy
Really Boz?
Why is Boswell so trash at Kickoffs?
Hilton 🤑
Hilton bowing lmfao
YEAH YOU LIKE THAT EARLY PENETRATION DON'T YA KIRK!?
Hilton coming from the locker room to get that sack lol
Our D saved Boswell's ass from that terrible kick-off.
Hey how about another commercial
Low key love this 7:15 start time
"I love him, but we need a running back that will last a full game."
I really missed those Big Ben shotguns ngl
"Flashbacks to ""Conor had cancer"" every second play for yeeears"
WHAT A RUN BY SNELL!
Benny is looking TOUGH
Benny Snell football. Tomlin knew
Seems like Benny is gonna be RB1 for a week or two boys
Truly lemonade seltzer is fire
Benny “Benny Snell” Snell
JuJu on that beat again!
Juju and Ben are both ALL THE WAY BACK
JUJUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!
JUJUUUUUUU
Fuck all the Juju haters!!! Where you guys at?!?!
Remember all those fans saying Juju wasn't a WR1? They seem awfully quiet tonight.
JUJU PITTSBURGH’s SWEET ANGEL BOY
Lol. No one but AV came over for the celebration. The team is ready to call it a night and get home.
drink up yinzers
YES LETS GO BEN TO SMITH SCHUSTER ALL IS RIGHT
The Pittsburgh Steelers will henceforth be known as The Pittsburgh Smith-Schusters.
Schuster Smith making players
"I’m glad to see JuJu having fun again. They tried the “serious” football thing and it didn’t make a damn bit of difference. I understand not wanting them to be stupid about it if we’re getting crushed, but if the game is close or we’re up, I really see no harm in it."
Big respect for Banner and his love for the team. Speedy recovery!
seeing banner like that makes me want to cry
"Fuck not banner :(

Who’s gonna be our most eligible receiver?!"
"Shit, it has to be an ACL"
Banner's injury is bad...look at his face.
Fuck seeing banners face makes me wanna cry. I know that face
"I was so fucking hyped to see Banner be a starter this season. He was ready to go and just needed the shot. 

Heartbreaking watching him get carted off."
Fuck man not banner. That frown is so sad.
How about NOT playing prevent defense right now.
SEE YOU ALL IN MIAMI OR WHEREVER THE SUPERBOWL IS THIS YEAR.
It’s so weird seeing Jason Garret on the Giants
Has there been one holding call on their offense this whole game?
TJ chomping at the bit on that one. Daniel Jones lives to throw another play.
"Jones has PTSD (Pittsburgh Traumatic Sack Disorder), he's just throwing it to get rid of it cause he doesn't want the defenders getting anywhere near him."
Steve has looked rough
I don’t like seeing Watt get chopped
JuJu was so damn confused lol
Bad day to have a “nner” at the end of your name.
Didn't realize Snell over 100 yds.
Smell + McFarland next week hopefully
" OMG, love Claypool's awareness to slide to run the clock there!"
"Mapletron sealing the game. Time to light up the victory pre-roll. 

Know what this team is? 

We're Back! A Dinosaur Story"
3.2.1 WIN
We always come to play on Monday nights. I'm glad we continued that tradition. Bring on the broncos. I hope banner isn't as serious as they thought. Til next week peeps!
Can I just say how good it is to see Ben smiling again?
Somewhere Ryan Switzer is laughing in his Ben jersey
What a horseshit PI call that was. JFC
Phantom PI leads to a TD. Shocker
"Hey, just want you all to know, crying doesn't make you weak.

It's ok."
Ebron is on the Giants apparently
Boswell gives me so much anxiety I cannot take it
Fuck it we win I'm smoking the pre-roll.
"Good win, but it's definitely diminished by the loss of banner"
Alex Highsmith was a walk on at Charlotte 🤯
I am super nervous but my two best friends are giants fans so I'm even more nervous. LET'S GO!!!
I am here for the start of this historic 19-0 run
can’t wait for y’all to lose your collective shit and curse the entire team to hell when one player makes a minor mistake. go steelers
Anyone else think this moment would never come?
[deleted]
"Reminder to stay calm. With no preseason and Ben not throwing a football in a game for nearly a year, I expect a shaky start. Over the course of 60 minutes the better team (and particularly better defense) will prevail."
"Jones’ first pass wasn’t an interception, is our defense trash now? Oh no, I’m overreacting!!!!!"
What a tackle
Another tackle for a loss? Love to see it.
Switzer gets resigned tomorrow lmao.
"Welp, I miss Switzer already"
Switz is needed
That right there is Switzer’s value
"Soooo can all the switzer haters shut the fuck up now,"
Should have kept switzer.
Bless this defense
This defense. Fuck
"Watt on 2 of the 3 stops there with the QB hit and the pass defense that forced the QB to throw it away, basically."
"Would not give up Johnson on our return. It’s the first game, no preseason, he muffed it. But he’s shown he has the potential to be a good punt returner."
i see our offensive plays haven’t changed
Forgot we had this Santa looking fuck as OC. Like a goddamn kindergartner that just learned what patterns are. Run-Run-Pass Run-Run-Pass
A 3 and out. It's like I never left
That wasn’t even a pass. It was a lateral and a fumble recovered by the offense.
No pre-season so it will take a little time to get back to it but that wasn't encouraging
I know it’s only one drive but Jesus that play calling looked too familiar from last year
"FUCK THE OFFENSE, DEFENSE IS ENOUGH TO MAKE ME CUM."
$250 that they run it on 1st and 2nd down here
So our punt was for 39 yards btw.
Fichtner if you could draw something up besides Run Run Pass for once that would be great
Have four WRs. Keep forcing it to Connor.
conner isn’t a receiver guys
"Ok. Ben and Randy have Conner in fantasy.

Only explanation"
HE DRAGGED EM
Claypool!!! That’s a veteran play
Hell of a first career catch for Claypool!
Oh yea Claypool BB
Holy shit Claypool
Claypool > Deadpool > Liverpool > Blackpool
These Conner runs are horrific
Snell>> Conner
Connor looks kinda slow
Blocking has not been great so far
Stop forcing the ball to fucking Conner good lord
Conner is bootyhole
This OL might be a bigger problem than I expected this season
Our Oline is still awful
Our O line is not what it used to be 😣
Fuck Snell was open
Our O line looks bad. Both pass protection and run blocking. Yikes
At least Boswell is starting the season off strong for us
Oline about to be our Achilles heel this year
Limp after that incomplete pass contact SCARED me
Conner looks bad but our OL is getting manhandled
I know there's some not so good stuff there but man moving the ball even a little bit is so fuckin good to see again
This is the worst commercial in the history of advertising.
"After 1 quarter, Daniel Jones looks pretty decent."
Belichick in an ad is weird af
That wasn't PI
LMAO WOO HOO GO REFS LOL
Lotta game left
I hate this league sometimes.
Fucking joke. Bullshit penalty to a Hail Mary touchdown. Fuck sake we gotta show more concentration
Don't worry... it's Conner time!
I think refs have a quota of DPI to keep games moving. NFL is such a joke from the perspective of competitive integrity that it turns me into a conspiracy theorist.
Luckily it’s a long game
"Uh, Chris. If Minkah didn't come up that was a 100% 20 yd pick up."
Send Conner to the fucking bench please
CONNOR TO FREE AGENCY
Every year “Conner is gonna show out and have his year! We never needed Bell!” lmao
Change My Mind: Todd Haley is still secretly the Steeler OC
Is the gameplan to get Connor 40 touches then?
TJ!!
TJ WATTT
# TURN DOWN FOR WATT
Just give him DPOY already
Yeah definitely Snell is better let's keep going with Snell!
Snell should be starter: change my mind.
Watt shows again why he should’ve been DPOY.
How’d we get a delay of game with no real crowd?
Ebron showing up!
Ebron vs Peppers reminds me of Gronk vs our LBs a couple years back.
I definitely wanna see more Claypool. His first catch was enough to keep him out there on the field.
Anybody else’s ESPN stream look like shit 90% of the time?
TD JUJU!!!!!!
GOOD JUJU
boz what the fuck was that
lmao it’s always something with this team
They're doing Tiktok dances LMAOOO I LOVE IT
That was the most causal TD I've seen.
Benny Snell is a stud. You guys see that blitz pickup?
Hey. Someone tell Randy Fuckturd I mean Finchtner that throwing the ball works against a shit secondary. Let’s try doing it more
"Alright Boz, that's your mulligan"
Glad I got a 30 pack of IC light
Danny smith must have shit on an Indian burial ground
"Ben Roethlisburger: the original ""you're not supposed to be able to throw it like that"" quarterback."
"Of all the things to happen in 2020, seeing Boz miss a FG hurts the most."
LMAOO Y'ALL OVERREACTING TO BOZ MISSING AN XP
Dupree is DEMANDING his fucking money
"Member when Bud kinda sucked?


Dude seriously hit the pros and turned it on"
That playcall fooled me too
Shit. Can’t even hate. That leap was unreal.
Well. I loved Barkley at Penn State....
🅱️INCE
Jones got fucking hammered
#🅱️INCE!!!!
"VINNY VIDI VICI

BITCH"
Man it feels so good to have a defense again
Zoltannnn
Bince hit DJ like a freight train
Diontae’s getting better as the game goes on
Zoltan.
"I want Matt Canada to replace Feichtner, at least he’ll run different plays and not the most predictable offense in the NFL"
Ben isn't even going to make it to the 2nd game this year if this O line continues to perform like this.
OL looks lost when the giants bring pressure. Hoping it’s just rust
They’re just not gonna use Claypool?
Oh look villenueva being pushed all the way back again
Our Offensive line needs to step up forreal. Ben is a quick passer but fuck he still needs a second at least
"Offense looks rusty, but I'm confident they will tighten up."
"Is the theory for running on 2nd and long really ""lol they will never see this coming"""
Barkley gonna start his season in the hole for yards on the run.
Okay. Thinking positively. Our offense looks awful but we’re a missed PAT from being tied. Maybe when the rust comes off we pull away
"Again, hurdling Hilton, not all that impressive"
Espn needs to hire a new graphic designer
Schuster Smith
Shooster smith
RUN YOU OLD ASS MAN RUN
A FUCKING BEN SCRAMBLE LMAO
"Omg I forgot about ""running Ben"""
Man’s still got wheels
WON'T BE DENIED
LETS GO WASHINGTON
FUCK YEAH WASHINGTON
I MISSED YOU BEN FUCK YESSSSSSSS TOUCHDOWN MOTHERFUCKER
"Pretty sure this is the first time in over a year another team looked at our offense in the red zone, said fuck that, and called a time out."
Holy fucking shit James Washington!
WASHINGTON YOU GLORIOUS BASTARD!!
I’m HARD
WHAT A PLAY. I LOVE U BEN
"This is the way, boys.


THIS IS THE FUCKING WAY"
Love seeing a receiver fight like that!
WASHINGTON FUCKING WANTED THAT TD THAT DRIVE WAS BEAUTIFUL BABY LETS GOOOOO
fuck yeah washington
WASHINGTON MY GOD THAT EFFORT
"COUNTRY BOY STRENGTH! GO, WASHINGTON!"
#THANK YOU BOSGOD
That TD reminded me of AB getting us into the playoffs against the Ratbirds
Fuck everyone saying ben looks bed. Fuck yall
Who's nate washington?
Great balance by Washington
Washington with the grown man strength.
Revenge tour starts today.
[deleted]
Ben looking happy with the WRs
Just let Ben call all the plays!
Thats how you get Ben into a rhythm a nice 2 min drive.
Appearntly even the announcers need preseason to get names right
"Who gets the ball back at the top of the second half?

We get the ball back at the top of the second half."
Good to be back with you all
Our offense looks so good in a 2 minute drill. Idk if it's Ben calling the plays or just our guys playing better under pressure but jeez let's stop with the predictable playcalling on offense please.
"Ben's killing it, JuJu's killing it. Don't want to get ahead of myself. But here we fucking go!"
"It’s the new tall white Broncos QB, same as the old tall white Broncos QB"
The mic better stop making that noise
MY FUCKING EARS MAME IT STOP
HE ALMOST HAD THAT
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
All these gambling ads are degen as fuck
Ok I like Colquit so far
I’m glad I wasted a top fantasy pick on James Conner
Hilton got his glove. Lol.
Our D out here making Barkley look like Conner lmaooo
theres those 3rd and longs we've missed
Edmunds is... not good
Pick up the pace Edmunds.
Holy holding on TJ
Did they get rid of offensive holding this year? What the fuck
Steelers were caught so off guard by the Giants stupidity that the G-Men converted on the dumbest fourth down play ever 😂
That's looks like a holding call against the giants but okayyy
I'm seeing a ton of holding not getting called upfront
No hold?!
Fitz was the only one who saw Barkley was uncovered and came from the across the field to get him.
How is this defense so good and so...
this is kind of embarrassing... LOL
So. Much. Holding.
Let's get the stop defense. Hold 'em for three.
We need a long drive on offense the next series. Our D looks gassed.
Alright I know I've been harping on Edmunds tonight but holy shit dude he is absolutely USELESS
OH. MY. GOD. That ball hung up there for at least 7 minutes.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
GIANT BOI ENDS GIANTS DRIVE
"Can’t catch Jones, can’t mark their zone. Ridiculously bad drive from the defense. Thank fuck for Bud, saved that drive on his own."
Shades of James Harrison there
Big man with the Big interception!!! I fucking love Cam!!!
Heyward you beautiful bastard.
PICK PICK PICK!! after how many 3rd conversions?!
Cam Heyward taking Minkah's job.
Bud is on a different fucking level tonight
"On such a stupid drive with such a stupid fourth down conversion and two stupid third and long runs for first from the QB, the only way it could end was a a stupid throw that is somehow intercepted by a defensive end 😂"
Cam Heyward gonna lead the league in picks this year watch out
"Wait, Ben is actually about to pass Eli in TDs and yards vs the Giants? lol."
Relieved that it was a touchback!
JUJU!!!! Big fucking play!
I forgot how football gives me a rollercoaster of emotions
Juju having a better game today than all of last season
Juju gunna get paid
JUJU HE’S A MONSTER ..SWEETHEART ..INTELLIGENT ..HE’S FUN TOO
I finally forgive Juju for the Ravens fumble.
First down passes?! Is Ben calling the plays now?
Gooooood grief. Juju is a hero.
You have to throw it away Ben
Ben got too cocky there lol
Is it even legal for Juju to go out of bounds and then come back in?
"Said it for years, the offense only works when Ben is calling plays in hurry up"
still can’t believe juju picked that shit up under 8 giants lol
Anyone else rather see McFarland over Samuels?
"I want to see points, even if it’s a field goal here"
BOSGOD!
#BOSGOD!!!!!
Ill take it
He's back!
Was waiting for that Mike Hilton blitz!
Anyone have a image of the Zoltan hand sign that was flashed earlier on the game
Let's fucking ride bois
"Okay! Nice time eating drive for 7, Benjamin."
Checking into the Hilton!
"I'm using hulu live, and apparently I'm behind on everything. I haven't seen Boswell fuck up the kick off yet. Now I can't stay in these threads lol"
Just need to make a semi-decent long drive and get a fg. Then I'll feel safer.
Love you JC but sometimes its availability over ability and this ain't it chief.
I actually miss young Lev Bell and how he could run through small gaps and keep moving the ball downfield.
I like that we are still going to DJ.  Our coaches and Ben have faith in him.
Nice second half for Diontae
FUCKING LETS GO SNELL
"Snell yeah, brother"
I’m becoming very optimistic about this year
"Big Ben’s 2 runs for 11 yards will likely end up being more than Conner’s 6 runs for 9 yards. Meanwhile, Snell’s 100! on 15 carries is a godsend"
dOwNlOaD dRaFt KiNgS
Oh boy now Wisnewski is hurt
Juju bout to get this guap
I freaking LOVE JuJu
Back shoulder juju for a td 🤤
"As an aside, we have to have the most handsome RB corps. in the NFL."
Someone check the o line’s water
Ben and JuJu look good tonight
It’s so nice to have Ben back.  I could see this game being 10-9 and Duck or Mason trying to somehow get into FG range late.
NOT BANNER!
I think Wisniewski and Banner both went down on consecutive plays :/
Shit
Garbage time yards. So gross.
"My god the look the victory pre-roll is giving me right now from the tray...

Let's close this out defense. No more points on the board for the Giants."
Ok lets just not let them score
It’s looked like TJ has been lining up in the neutral zone all night
How satisfying is this game? It was a long year of Stiller football without Ben
wow sick garbage points guys! lol!
2 possession game
The W won’t feel as right losing Wis and Banner to potentially long term injuries. The OL was the one area besides LB we had to stay healthy at
I could probs switch to the Vegas/Dallas game now but I want to make sure we win. I trust nothing
Snell is nice 🔥
Snell is the guy
"Good job, Chase!"
THERE WE GO CHASE
Mapletron hype may be real
Love the emotion Maple
Claypool is going to be a good one.
Hope to see Snell start next week and see some more Derek Watt blocking for runs
I’m so stoked on Claypool
[deleted]
Lmao claypool putting himself between ben and whoever the giants player was
I love Claypool.
"Claypool, team player. Just sealing the win."
Danny smiths face shield hahah
"Run, run, pass

That's Steelers for ya on every first drive"
I think Conner is definitely gone after this year.
Highsmith looking real good right now
[deleted]
"Just getting off work and heading to pick up Chinese food. Already got a good sativa ground up and waiting, trying to decide if the pre-roll I got is gonna be a victory smoke.

Let's fucking go!!"
"I don't want to get too crazy based on 1 catch, but I think Claypool is going to be a hall of famer."
O Line looking absolutely dreadful so far. Not good for a QB that’s riddled with injuries and almost 40 years old. Fuck
This defense doesn't deserve us or the offense....
As weird as it is to say i miss gruden & tirico 😂
"Ok so I still have a shit ton of wings seriously guys come eat some, they're going to go to waste"
"I was hesitant at the time, but it's looking like taking Juju with my first-round fantasy draft pick instead of Diontae was a good move after all."
"The best ability is availability. As much as I love Conner, he is made of glass."
Highsmith!
"When he’s seen the field, Highsmith has looked great"
"LETS GO BABYYYYYYY! 

and fuck the Ravens"
Let the excessive drinking and yelling at men on the tv commence!
Sweet delay of game giants LOLOLOL
Lol whelp yinz wanted it. Just saying.
WATTAGE!!!!
Whew
Steel D wow
At least our D is AMAZING
BIG BENJAMIN TODD ROETHLISBERGER LETS GO
Bad mistake but the fact the defense kept them to three keeps up my faith
What a crummy handoff.  Bring on Duck!
Good old randy fichtner
Didn’t like the playcalling that drive. Damn
I just hope Big Ben has a better night than Brady did yesterday.
Claypool was wide open. Awful from Roethlisberger
No lie i thought they were gonna go dummy deep first play cause fuck it...
Need to shake the rust off. Please
Short run. Short run then rely on Ben to save them on 3rd down. Sounds about right.
Ah the old run-run-pass
Let’s go get a turnover!
Trash play calling
So much for not drinking tonight.....
"Not a fan of run run have to pass, play calling and unfortunately that is Randy’s fav set of plays"
"I have to say, Baker Mayfield is not a good QB but he sure is the MVP of commercials lol"
Time to overreact everyone
Lets go defense!
Hot damn Bud
Bud Polamalu
Well Dupree looks incredible
Dupree was hungry and served up some stuffing.
Lol watch switzer get signed tomorrow now.
I'd give Dan Quinn's left testicle for a defense this good.
Johnson scaring me with these punt handles
I am a simple man; I watch this defense perform and my dick gets hard.
Dude he’s already limping
Yinz know that Conner had cancer?!? Crazy
was he already limping? Lol
All 5 plays have been to Conner. Haven’t missed this garbage play calling one bit.
Villanueva out here getting Ben killed.
"Ben’s limping already, oof"
Ben limping literally made my heart sink jeez man
Give him a wheelchair and Let him throw from it.
WHAT A CATCH
MAPLETRON
Beautiful catch by Claypool
"Benny Snell needs more touches.

Like all of them"
"I hearby give Claypool the nickname of ""Primus"""
MAPLETRON
Let's get Snell going if Connor is cold
Give Snell more touches
fake reverse for 0 yards twice already.
Connor can't do anything when the line is letting him constantly getting hit 2 yards behind the line.
randy please pass on first downs
Anybody feel like we're trying to force the run game too much?
Conner has made zero defenders miss so far.
It’d be great if our line could fucking block
Play calling remains predictable. Offensive line is concerning
Ben needs to be protected come tf on i can’t see him go down again
This oline is not that good
Boz is still good.
"Give Ben a couple quarters to get going, not a bad start"
Blocking is ass
Welp o-line looking shaky to say the least
God what the fuck. Good job Boswell it that o is suspect so far.
At least D could breathe for a sec....
"Looks mediocre and sloppy as fuck, but better than anything we've seen since ben was in there last."
Benny > Conner I said what I said
Bosgod still got it.
Can we stop having Connor run already?
Ahhh im already overreacting to every play
"I don’t understand this commercial, the NFL never went away."
Ayy Highsmith sighting
Our defense would be much better without Edmunds but we are just gonna ignore that fact.
I’m just happy ESPN has improved their MNF coverage from annoyingly awful to acceptable. No ridiculous flying commentators.
how is that PI?
Weak flag
Bs calls starting early i see
So Slayton stretches his arm out to push away Nelson and doesn't get called for PI but Haden does? Got it.
The good news is only 3 games have to be played in September.  More to play in december
Face mask on Watt being missed ofc
Need to get to the QB quicker. Didn’t think I’d be saying that
I need a Ray Liota with Chantix commercial to cheer me up
IT IS NOT A P.I
Fucking stop feeding Conner. Dude can’t handle it.
Please stop with Conner
I’ve seen enough of Connor
"Man, whoever defends the OC is blind."
I feel like we’re gonna rip off bens face like a scooby doo episode and it’s gonna be Duck
Is fuckin Todd Haley back on our staff???
TURN DOWN FOR WATT
TJ F*cking Watt
"Tj's just like fuck it, I'll do it myself"
TJ LOOKIN LIKE A BIG OL TJ LETS GO
TJ GONE WATT
"Fuck yes, TJ! You better put 7 on the board now offense!"
That’s Benny Snell football
"Wow, it’s almost like Snell wants the job or something."
Snell is miles better than Conner
"Last year we ran the Wild Cat, this year we the run the Snell."
"Hell yes, Ebron."
How the fuck are your guys games 2-3 seconds faster than me
Snell should start
are you fucking me Boswel
So help me God if boswell starts this shit again
Looks like the 2018 Juju brought with him the 2018 Boswell.
This special teams is fine 🔥
Boswell still haunted by losing that Tic-Tac-Toe game from the Pro Bowl
god i almost forgot how many emotions i go through during these games. Nice one Bos
That one is for all you dumbshits talking shit on Ben.
What a throw off the back foot
New I jinxed us when I said at least Boz is coming through for us
I’m watching this on the Roku espn app and I’m like 70 seconds behind the comments here. Sucks.
Would love for Chris and Kirk to call more NFL games
Already a four point swing from mistakes alone.
[deleted]
"Man I hate when the stream I'm watching is delayed, I refresh during ads, and read something like Bosgod missing an extra point so now I'm just sitting here waiting for disappointment..."
Missing the PAT almost saps all the excitement out of a TD.
Bud really wants a giant contract next season
Dupree is gunna get PAID by some team this offseason
Jesus....nice catch/run by Barkley
"Alright I'll give Barkley that, but c'monnn guys we need stopping power."
He’s such a beast god damn
That's OPI!
I mean it's Saquon what do y'all expect
VINNY WITH THE EMPHASIS
Bince...
Vince Williams is deadly as a Blitzer!
HE MURDERED THAT MAN
defense is feeling it now
Jones got decked
Vince just tried to commit a murder.
Bince is a stud
"This will make the difference here, Ben can take a hit and still deliver the ball, Jones absolutely shits it as soon as someone gets close to him"
Vince in the Zoltan cult!
Is Todd Haley back? These play calls have been horrendous
We all sexually identify as a Vince Williams
"I watched Dude Where’s My Car yesterday, classic ZOLTAN"
Is it me or is Snell better than Conner?
I thought for a second that beautiful rhino was going to rumble down the field.
Banner is having a rough day looks like
Oline is soooooooo baaaaad! Ben needs more time
Shit he had that just a bad throw
Our punt coverage aren’t used to punts that far
"""special"" teams"
Man whats up with the offensive line? They don't look good and Ben needs all the help he can get with his first game back.
I thought we cut Jordan barry
"I think I've seen more flashes from the offense so far this game than the entirety of last season.

So that's good."
"Wish I could watch the live thread, fuck streaming"
How Bud didn't get that is beyond me
just missed a FF there.  Keep this up please.
Should have stopped the clock at 2:40
Dupree started that
"Man, Bud Dupree is having a good game thus far. Hopefully the NFLPA and the NFL can work out a deal to not drop the salary cap so much next year."
This front 7 is unreal
It's actually crazy how much better our defense is than our offense
Been watching off and on.  Has the defense looked solid so far?
Thank you MNF for minimal fake crowd noise. Hearing the players and coaches is so much better!
Perfect!
Tik Tok sure is trying not to get banned in the US with how many fucking ads I've seen from them within the past month.
That tiktok commercial was cringe af
"I do not like that sleeve on Ben......

That is not a good look, and gives me no confidence that elbow is healed"
Bush sliding on top of Barkley like a fucking SKATEBOARD TONY HAWK PRO SKATER BITCH
"Bush just laid Barkley out there with that hit, damn."
Why they do Ben like that???
LMAO that animation looked more like Keenan Allen than Ben
Holy shit that Ben is cursed
That graphic was terrifying
Did juju make this in fortnite?
Papa Ben telling Super Bowl stories
Nice awareness guy on the sideline. Just gonna stand here and let myself get run over.
"Washington that was fucking beautiful. 

Also am I super stoned or is this second quarter lasting forever?"
Flair petition: Scheuster-Smith
Schuster Smith????? Scuse me?!?!?
Schuster Smith these fucking announcers lmaooo
Don't have to worry about DJ catching covid....
Juju lookin good
"Conner is questionable with an ankle, you can’t make this up kids"
BEN GOT LEGS STILL
Ben “Lamar Jackson” Roethlisberger!
BIG BEN 1ST DOWN RUN
Holy shit did we trade Ben or cam Newton?
"This offense, this sparks joy."
BIG BOI ROLLIN!
Don't tell me Ben doesn't care.
No flag? Starts sliding and #59 sees that and dives forward to make sure he gets a hit.
How tf wasn’t that 15 for the hit after he slid?
Ben runs like a gazelle. so graceful
TOUCHDOWN!!!
washington a beast
WASHINGTON WITH THAT MUSCLE MOVE TO GET INTO THE ENDZONE
James Washington just proved he’s a grown ass man
Damn Washington is strong
Fuck yeah Washington!
REF CAN'T HANDLE WASHINGTON
Washington EARNED that!!!
JWash imposing his will.
WASHINGTON HOF BALLOT
"There it is!! Also, Monday night football is much more tolerable without booger..."
"NOW THATS HOW FIGHT FOR THE FUCKIN END ZONE


LETS GOOOO"
Throwback to that last second Goal line TD to AB on Thanksgiving😪
Fuck yeah. WASHINGTON with the effort
"Ben is back and it looks like the first PAT was a fluke, I’m feeling pretty good now."
Bens back yall
BENNY. SNELL. FOOTBALL.
Benny looks good this year
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
The fake (I assume) crowd sounds are really eerie.
"It's not just that Snell runs well, but he also punishes the defenders. That's what I love about him right now, he is tiring them out."
Snell is the best RB on this team by such a wide margin it’s not even funny
Snell yeah!
"Baby Watt is in!!!.


......and did nothing!"
Benny Snell 2020 MVP
Snell is better
fuck me. was hoping for a flag or something!
Run run pass punt
I am getting sick of Randy’s playcalling. Run run pass EVERY SINGLE TIME
"Hats off to Bradberry, hell of a play"
Have there been any Derek Watt sightings yet or have we not used a FB?
"Just have to say...

DeAndre Baker is a stupid piece of shit. Throwing away the astounding opportunity to be a starting NFL star...

Glad he's not playing but fuck he makes me mad."
I would’ve liked to see Anthony McFarland tonight
Conner seems to be on his way out unfortunately. I will always appreciate how he stepped up after Bell bounced on us
Bro our run defense is unreal
Edmunds fucking sucks
Get Edmunds off the team fucking shitter
Yep. Edmunds
It’s always Edmunds
If I were playing the steelers I'd rather have a 3rd and 25 than a 3rd and 2
He was army crawling lmao
Highsmith with speed
"Holding, hands to the face, holding again....

Did I miss a rule change?? Are they just allowed to that shit when they can’t stop the D-Line???"
Secondary doesn't look great tonight.
Did Bush get rid of that Coming to America haircut?
These commentators can’t stop talking about Jason Garrett.
What a drive by Jones so far.
HOLDING ON WATT????
refs so bad
"This drive is killer, should have been a punt from their end zone!"
No hold there?
Where was the holding call on that 4th down?
Jesus they're holding on every fucking play!
No QB spy assigned? Jones runs a lot when pressured.
Come the fuck on
Hey look its our second half defense!
Our secondary lacks discipline
Why are we getting clowned?
"3rd down conversion, 3rd down conversion, 4th down conversion, 3rd down conversion ..."
"come on, get a stop"
"Maybe take Edmund's out for a play, just one play. You've taken EVERY OTHER starter out why not him!????? Someone please tell me, I dont fucking understand I'm about to have a fucking STROKE"
This defense is gassed. If the offense doesn't step up this next series we might be fucked.
Heyward picked jt
CAM IS NEW CB
BUD AND CAM!!!!
CAM!!!!! Earning that contract
LETSSS GOOOO LMAOOO
Lmao what the fuck
WHO SAID THOSE WILD THROWS WOULD GET THEM INTERCEPTED?  BLESS YOU!
YESSSSSS
LOLL
FUCKIN GOTEM
LMAO Jones had such a good drive and ended with an absolute duck in the air to nobody
CAM HEYWARD HAVE MY BABY
Bend all the fucking way but don't break baby!!!
AHAHAA FUCK OUTTA HERE
BIG CAM
"It’s about time an INT showed up! It was never a question of if, but when!"
Fuck out of here Daniel Jones
"That was stupid by Jones, but man has Bud shown up tonight"
NICE 9 MINUTE DRIVE GIANTS LMAO HOLY FUCK
"Just like we drew it up, lezzgooo"
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Bush and TJ are major hits. Edmunds looks like a waste if he was a 4th round selection.
Exactly how it was set up. End a 19 play drive with a Cam INT
Cam got paid and an INT? What a good week for him.
Bud Dupree is the best player on the field tonight
Remember when everyone got sick from Chipotle guac
I want to slow dance with Hayward to the Celine Dion song they keep playing.
Lol a Cam pick! Haha amazing
Bailed out again lol
That INT by Heyward was magical
That's my boy JuJu!
Jujuuuuuuu
"Oh thank fucking god... 

JuJu you can sleep over at my place anytime. Motherfucker just won a street fight for us."
MBC in shambles
Praise juju
I’d like me some more claypool
Ben being a coach now.  Feeding it to Dionte.
JU JU SMITH FUCKIN-SCHUSTER ON THE BOTTOM OF THE SCRUM
Announcers flip flopping their opinions on D Johnson every play lol
Ben never throws the ball away
AV is washed
They get like 20+ on RB screens & we can't even more than 1
"DJ redemption time, you love to see it"
zach banner is an enormous human
"The thing I am most worried about tonight is Roethlisberger is breaking no tackles, he’s not evading sacks. Something is just a little bit different."
"Booo screens, passing downfield is working"
We're effortlessly running well and getting first downs on quick passes. Perfect time for a random deep drop back.
Ok. Let’s go Boz.
Ok bos let's do this.
Don’t wanna jinx us but I think we’re the only defense this year that can stop Lamar Jackson.
Time to fire up the Fire Keith Butler train for another year!
Lololol sick kick
Good job special teams! The blunders continue
Our special teams is straight up ass tonight
A missed PAT & kicking it out of bounds. Let's just hope the lack of preseason is the reason for this.
Alright TJ time for that pick
No preseason shit like this is bound to happen
Good shit Hilton
"Saquon is not having a good time, he ain’t having a ball"
VINTAGE MIKE HILTON
They really love blitzing Hilton
Barkley completely missed that block. Great jump by Hilton as well.
Come on offense. Lets put the dagger in this game.
"Ah yes, Tyson A-looh-a-looh"
"If our offense were more put together, a SB run would be guaranteed"
"My laptop screen has suddenly taken on a pink hue

Edit: please help"
That was... Just beautiful 😌
Conner is done tbh
James Conner: The Glass Man.
Conner is breaking my heart on the sideline
There's no left ankle injury he just not good
Johnson making moves
These third down conversion are everything right now
"My ESPN app only decides to crash when the game is on, not during commercials 💞 💞"
What a fucking run Snell
That was some nice Benny Snell football just then
SNELL!
Snell yeah!
Benny Snell Football!!
Benny Snell Football
what a run
"Excellent run, excellent staying in bounds!  Snell you have grown into your job!"
Benny. Snell. Football.
"Benny Snell football, that’s the comment. No more, no less"
We Benny Snell Football boys
I could see that hole he ran through from my couch
Benny Snell Football™️
[deleted]
Only question on Conner now is do the Steelers trade him for a 6th round pick at best or just bench him for the rest of the year? No point giving a guy first-team reps in practice when he can't play more than a quarter every five weeks. Time to move on.
"Benny. Snell. Football.

Also, pls tell my phone to stop autocorrecting Snell to Smell"
Benny snell football
James Connor is Verron Haynes and Benny Snell is Willie Parker
Anyone else feel that? The worries about the offense just melting away?
"This drive gives you an example to contrast against our D to show you what can/does make them truly great. NY's D looks run down and beat, but we were still digging and being aggressive and came up with the pick on the 9 minute drive."
Giants D in shambles
JUJU T MF D
SCHUSTER-SMITH!
TD and a time killing 7:00 drive
[deleted]
THE TIK TOK DANCES KEEP COMING
And that's likely game.
Juju!!
I KNEW MY KEEPER OF JUJU WAS A GOOD IDEA
Villanueva coming over to celebrate is hilarious
JUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJUJU
"Great.

I just hope Giants defense isn't pure trash"
Ben is officially back.
"Idk i feel like we shouldn't be winning lol, but we are and I love it"
Welcome back ben. Nice to see you to juju!
Ok these commercials are fucking ridiculous... I don’t remember a game with this many commercials
Look like Banner's right knee gave out and he fell down to the ground in his pass set. Ugh.
I just have to say it but my gosh is it nice to have a good mnf booth again
These o-line injuries arent looking good 😬
Banner:(
Not looking good for ZB. Damn.
Holy shit I feel so bad for banner
No not Zach!
"That's a real bummer for Banner, hopefully not too serious."
Fuuuuuck. So what's our offensive line gonna look like now?
He’s still my most eligible receiver. Hope everything will be ok.
Man these online injuries could be killers
I met Banner last year and that guy was such a bright hearted dude. Hate this happened to him.
Heart broken man
"Devastating.  Hoping for the best, but that look on his face was haunting."
"Damn, that’s tough to watch. Next man up, let’s see what we got in Okorafor. Hoping for a speedy recovery for Banner."
i want our DEF to fucking decimate them these last few minutes. for ZB72 for Shazier
Wtf is this prevent shit?
Not a Steeler game without a stupid penalty
Yet they still cant identify a hold
There's been like 4 flags this game
Should have been a false start
Minkah taking him to the other end lol
Our defense seems to be good at pressuring the QB but can’t keep them from converting the 3rd. That’s gonna have to be something they look at
Steve has been not great
Good shit haden
Good play haden
Good recovery of the onside
Drew Lock we're comin' for ya.
"He did fumble, but Snell has been huge for us"
"Welcome to the team Snell. 

Get well Conner."
All hail King Henry.
"Shit, I forgot Chuks Okorafor existed.

I think we're still fine at the moment."
Tonight was worth the wait :)
Smart play young rook
Claypool for the dub
"Great play. Also, Chase with the hype scream"
"Nice couple of plays for Claypool tonight, especially that first sideline catch."
Chase the veteran!
Claypool scream approved.
Claypools stoked!
Nice play on 4th with claypool
"""Nice big void in this zone defense.""

All too familiar."
everyone hated on Switzer
Ryan Switzer died for this
Run run pass because of course.
James Conner good lord - looks so terrible
"Is it me or Conner dancing (hesitating) too much?

What I loved about him when he was younger was he hit the wholes. 

Now it seems like he is afraid to get hit."
"Giants: Can we have a run game tonight?

Steelers Defense: Ahahaha no.

Giants:

Steelers Defense: Oh wait you're serious? Let us all collectively laugh harder and tackle you for another loss."
I didn't like that. I didn't like that at all.
"Minkah did all he could and made the right read, just a shame the refs are insisting on spotting the other team 7 points against us AGAIN"
"Ben being Ben. He's got to warm up guys. Remember. BEN HASNT PLAYED FOR 10 MONTHS. Chill please. I'm about to have to avoid this sub, some of y'all are toxic as fuck jesus"
Edmunds unplugged his controller on that third down
"Fucking Bud Dupree!!!

Fuck all of you that said we shouldn’t have tagged him!"
"Screen on second and 22. 

Only Steelers."
Devin Bush finally cut off the back of his hair lol thank glob
Ok Highsmith!! That’s what I like!
That right tackle has been taking a full step before the snap the entire game.
"I tore my ACL in a similar way and am scared that’s what happened to Banner. With that said, if it’s not an ACL then it didn’t look too serious."
Anyone mocking Connor for getting hurt gets thumbed down instantly.  Fuck off with that shit
Seeing a lot of Conner hate. There’s only so much the guy can do when the giants know we’re running every first and second down.
"Here's a super early overreaction and take: No way in hell Conner gets any sort of new deal. Guy can't really catch or block, and when he runs it's nothing special. Love his story and all that, but no way he's on the team next year and sometimes I feel like having him on the field is a liability. I'd rather have Samuels out there."
Don't put Conner back in for the love of God. Benny actually is evasive.
Daniel Jones shouldn’t be dropping 40 yard TD passes on you.
#Boycottmadden
"Joe Haden and bullshit PI calls, name a more iconic duo"
Ummm yea so this is checking the boxes to be one of those games
For some of y'all that are Vinnie haters.  Dude is a beast
Thats my captain fat fuck
Samuels is just marginally worse than Conner lol
Show us the damn view from the pylon cam
Fuck it put Rudolph in at right tackle
Hey guys remember when everyone said Juju was trash because he didn't have an elite season last year
"Dude, Banner’s face. Takes the sweetness out of this lead."
"I get that we have a good lead, but I hate how the Steelers let teams get free TD’s when they have a good lead."
Highsmith looking good tonight
Nelson got burnt on two TD’s already. Let’s hope it’s just preseason jitters.
Well it’s that time again isn’t it
The disrespect to Matt Schaub not showing him on the 2004 class
Ya boy hype AF. Win.
"LETS FUCKING GOOOO, I haven't been this hyped/nervous about a sports game in forever #HereWeGo"
So good to see Ben suited up again
Happy to be back with yinz
Loved the message
What all was one the sign? Obv the “steelers against racism” but what else was that
"Are they piping in crowd noise?

Edit: definitely not a Steeler game crowd, that's for sure"
Liking our run defense. Our pass defense....not so much.
Loving Fowler & Herbstreet
Well we got them to punt. So win.
Well fuck me
"Special teams failures.  Yup, that's familiar too."
Are you fucking kidding me
Switzer
Where was TJ Watt? I saw Adeniyi was in for 3 plays.
"Ahhhh, a Steelers ST issue... FOOTBALL IS BACK BABY"
Fire switz... Oh
What the fuck just happened...
Return Switzer please
End me already
I assume It’s just my bias but I feel like we muff a ton of punts
The lack of noise is eerie
Excellent stop by the D
Nfl wr can't catch a punt
GOOD STOP D!
Sigh. At least no TD
Good d
Thank god for this defense
"OUR DEFENSE IS FAST AS F*** THOUGH, WE OK."
"Come on, I want to see this offense"
Defense still elite thank the gods
"Yay defense. Now let’s see Ben, it’s been way too long"
Our D always plays best when backed up
Wow. Defense is fucking insane
Let’s hope that was the worst play of the night. Defense bailed him out!
"The D being reliable is very nice. Little jittery to start, but solid stand there"
"Good shit Defense, best outcome out of that."
So fucking ready to see BIG BEN ON THE FIELD!
Ben's first throw is gonna be 75 yard TD
"Heart attacks are beginning early this year.

But it makes me feel ALIVE."
"That actually makes me feel better, tbh. Special teams gave them a gift but the D showed their dominance."
Big ben you magnificent bastard!!!!
WELCOME BACK BEN! GLAD TO SEE YOU AGAIN!
Nah I think that was an incomplete pass no bias
Isn't there a rule against forward fumbling recovered by the offence?
STOP RUN I WANT TO SEE BEN THROW!
I’ve missed old 1.7 ypc Jimmy
3 and out LMAO oh lawdy
"Woah, Banner is a big boy."
Please call a pass play
ITS OK. Just some rust
Gotta shake off the rust..but also didn't expect 2 runs to start the posession
Great first pass attempt.
Run run pass Fichtner in true form
Not the best drive but it’s our first offensive drive of the season... lets get goin boys
"I’d rather see a recovered fumble than an egregious Ben sack, keep him healthy please"
Yeah our playing calling hasn’t seemed to change
[deleted]
Shake the 2019 off
Just going to pretend we haven't touched the ball yet and get back to that pre-game hype joy.
Baker’s as afraid of the rain messing up the stands as he is of TJ
"Looks like the same old run run pass, with both runs getting barely anything."
I mean why are y'all surprised the offense went 3 & out. Ben is rusty especially so without a preseason. They weren't gonna come out score a TD immediately. I will agee that play calling was ass tho.
I get the saltiness but if we establish the run the Ben can sling it later
"Alright, let’s see a defensive TD!"
Fuck so close Devin
Pay that man!
OK BUD
This defense is unfair it’s so good
Bud pahlahmuhloo'd that dude
"Bud Dupree, that’s it. That’s the comment. Two back to back good plays"
"Well defense is back to dominating. Just need Ben to do Ben things.

And Conner continues to instill 0 confidence in me."
our defense is rowdy rowdy
Anyone else enjoying the vibe the D has going on?
This d makes me hard
"Ok we were just kidding on the first possession, here's the *real* first possession"
Bro johnson gonna be a nervous wreck for us the whole season right?
I know we're still starting but I hate Fitchner
Man Johnson really makes me nervous back there.
I swear ESPN runs more commercials than any other network.
I’m gonna miss Bud
Diontae was definitely making sure he didn’t double muff
Is every punt gonna make my heart race? Come on Johnson
Switzer wouldn’t have muffed that punt
Bud is looking great
"Fuck it, bring back AB solely for punt returns please ..."
Next first round is going to a punt returner
Defense looks like it's going to be doing all the work for the team
I'm starting to think we should have kept Switzer.
Let's give the offense at least a half before we bust out the pitchforks please.
I was raised a Steelers fan I’m raising my son the same way. But this game right here is personal cause his mother just so happens to be a giants fan. So what did I do???? Went and bought me and him matching juju jerseys lol. #winning
Are those on Conner or Ben?  Yikes.
Ben knows we have WRs right?
There ya go Benjamin. Limping is a good sign. He’s warm.
Ben limping... Just kill me.
Oh my god now his knee
Juju sighting finally
BEN STOP LIMPING
Ben stop limping
That's a flag if it was any other QB hit like that
ben you old man i swear to god
Why was Big Ben limping? Don't do that. Stop that.
I don't expect Conner to finish this season as our starter.
My god what a first catch
They're pressuring the fuck out of Ben jesus lol
MAPLETRON
Holy fuck Chase
Claypool...1st Down!
CLAY POOL!!!!!!
"I take it back, get hype, Chase Claypool is a Hall of Famer"
We're really missing Decastro right now
HOLY SHIT WHAT A PLAY BY TTHE ROOKIE
Claypool! What a catch !
BENNY SNELL REST OF GAME PLZ
Is that Claypool? Holy shit
Big Ben's arm looking good and Mapletron made that look fucking easy with that big ass fucking frame of his. Didn't even have to jump while the defenders are in the air.
Make Snell the #1 back
MAPLETRONNNN
Benny runs harder than Conner imo. Benny falls forward and seems to be quicker.
Lot of people way behind in here lmao
Total push off but I’ll take. Great catch to get his feet in. Snell looks quick.
Rookie receivers barely play for us this early into the season. Claypool is not like most rookies lfg
"Ok Randy we don’t have Rudolph or Duck anymore, we can throw on first down"
conner looks pissed with the play calls
"Conner with a nice catch, his hands have gotten so much better over the years."
Did Randy not get the memo that the D-line is NYs defensive strength?
Ben is getting hit way too often. Come the fuck on OL
Give Ben some time.....Dang
Conner is washed
WIZARD OF BOZ
Stop running the ball. Throw it.
This O-line is looking horrendous
Convinced conner intentionally runs into tackles
"Gotta hand it to them, G-Men are looking respectable on defense. If only they drafted a real QB, they might be dangerous."
"As long as we don’t get 2018 Boswell, our season is fine"
"That drive was better than the first, just gotta keep getting better each drive, no preseason and all that. It will all come together."
"Calm down people it’s the first game back


Rust is expected"
O-line needs to step it up
"I don’t even think conner is bad, but surely running him on every 1st down isn’t the greatest idea"
Throws are looking tight except that last one. but it's gonna take some time to get used to throwing with a guy on your waist
The o- line is playing like garbage. No pass or run blocking. They're missing their assignments. Especially in the interior.
Can our RBs just put their foots down and RUN?! Or is the O-line getting pushed back that badly so far?
"i think everyone is overreacting about the o-line, especially since we have no decastro"
D looks crisp but wondering what’s going on with our line. That rusty?
Lol I love these early ass assumptions Lolol
Hopefully our D gives Garrett nothing to clap about tonight.
bush looks much bigger
GET BELICHICK OUTTA HERE
I don’t understand the Ben hate. The line is literally giving him half a second to throw
"Just tuned in, how does big Ben look so far??"
Pretty underwhelming so far
"One thing to be encouraged about, regardless of what happens tonight, is that we are shutting down the second best RB in the league."
"Guys just cause Decastro is out doesn't mean everyone else instantly sucks. Fieler and Puncey aren't blocking well either.

Look at how good our D-line was without Tuitt last year. One guy being out shouldn't affect everyone so much if everyone else is good enough."
"""Smith the new Tight End bangs off a man.""

Are we seriously not doing phrasing?"
"Wow, we just got burnt."
"I really hope Rob King doesn't replace Bill Hillgrove when he permanently retires. 

I think i just hope Hillgrove never retires."
3rd and long conversions make or break a game.
Bro....... c’mon
No face mask for Watt?
I wish we had a real OC
Ew Madden
WE NEED AN OC
CONNER SUCKS ASS
James Conner needs to catch the fucking ball
That boy got bricks as hands
Enough of these fucking screen passes
Even the rules export says no PI
Why are we doing all these goofy ass runs?
Leveon caught everything... we were spoiled.
Trash play calling
"Conner is a one year wonder, let's just admit it"
"We have people on the offense besides Conner, right?"
9 yards on 6 carries for Conner 🔥
Fuck Fichtner
Steelers playing like Conner is a Create A Player
The play calling is so fucking bad.. you're not KC stop with all this misdirection shit
Steelers are playing their typical September football
Welp this feels like last season except with Ben 😭
please fire fichtner
Can we stop running first play every time?
"Conner already getting his ankle taped? Oh boy...

Offense needs to get something going. Still a lot of game to play."
Ben looks awful. The line looks awful. Hopefully Conner isn’t hurt. Terrible start.
Conner running like a cat chasing a laser pointer
This offense looks so unimaginative and uncoordinated.
TJ YOU MOTHER FUCKER BEAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
TJ!!!
GAY FOR WATT
TJ WITH THE PICK 🤣❤️
T J W A T T
TJ U FUCKING BEAUTY
Our defense is better than our offense
Give him all the money
Thank you based watt!
"Some real innovative commentary tonight

""That's a football player making a play""

No shit"
Thank God for TJ watt
Thank you TJ.
TJ MOTHER FUCKING WATT
Benny snell is better than James Conner
That 8 yard run looked like 20 for us. lol
SNELL FOOTBALL
"Wow you mean turning up field, lowering your shoulder, and picking up positive yards is possible?!?!"
"Snell looks 3x better than Conner, not even close."
Snell looks way better
"Snell is way better than JC tonight, but why are we running every first and second down. Take a shot"
snell is clearly playing better tonight can we please stop using JC
Rested and....not ready
Ben shouldve fucking smacked that ref
EBRON
EBRON!
Bens throwing motion looks different. More sidearm
Eeeeeebroooon
It’s be funny if they piped in HEAAATH when Vance catches it.
Jujujuju
JUJUJUJU!!!!!!!!!!
That's my #1 WR
Oh no Boz
"Everybody gets 1, Boswell."
"Lmao of course after a good drive that happens. Oh well, fingers crossed we don’t lose by one"
Thats the ugliest wide open TD I've ever seen LMAO
Chris ‘Cody ‘double doink’ Parker’ Boswell
1 step forward 2 steps back
Ben 🤝 juju
"Oh come the fuck on Bosgod...

Don't fuck me like that"
Get those misses out of your system Boswell.
What’s the week one FG/ XP percentage league wide? Feel like everybody’s been bad at kicking this week
The steelers are really putting the special in special teams.
Kind of bad omen but I trust Bosgod
"Pump the brakes on the Boz hate guys, he's got a new holder in Colquitt. Granted he's a vet and should be just fine but still. Listen to Pat McAfee, the hold is real damn important"
"Random question, but is James Harrison a Hall Of Famer? I say yes"
Now that everyone is getting on Boz for missing the kick he will kick a 65 yarder
Play Snell man. He looks so much better than Conner right now.
It’s 2020 we can’t have nice things
"Fun JuJu is back? 

#HELL YEAH!"
"Doesn’t miss one all last season, misses the first one of this season. Football"
Bud playing like he wants money money
Fuuuuck we not gonna be able to keep bud he keep playing like this $$
Saquon is having his pride(and hopefully nothing else) injured this game
Why does the screen work for the other teams?
They say defense wins championships and this defense is 🔥.
"Good God, he’s fast"
"edmunds is a giant glaring weak point, especially in coverate."
Bud Dupree out there playing for some big money this offseason
Wow they have boo’s from the crowd sounds? 😂
We just gonna wait until Edmunds costs us a championship. Idc if it was OPI he still got smoked.
"Oh yea fully extended arm, Edmunds visibly forced back, good call."
Anyone get the name of that truck?
he fuckin killed him
Truck stick!
VINCE YOU DEMON
VINCENZO 🔥
Credit to TJ for that amazing smart play that led to a TD
Holy cow williams almost killed him ded
"I guess it balances out, but man, fuck these refs and their incessant need to insert themselves into the game. Just stop calling PI unless it’s blatant."
I love these blitzes/schemes we're bringing right now. Damn this D is fun to watch
Jones’ soul left his body
Damn that sack looked brutal.
Why TF would he try to return that. Diontae pls
Obligatory Danny Smith gotta go
Let’s come out and throw.
I like seeing Ola Adeniyi out there!
🅱️ince 🅱️illiams comin thru
[deleted]
Who's ready for this 70+yarder to Diontae for a quick Tudder before half?
Man this offensive line is garbage
Remember that time Conner didn't touch the ball and we scored a TD? Let's do that again..
72 was more lost than James Conner
Fuck this Oline
Banner. Woof.
That was a dangerous pass. Sheesh!
Should've known this offensive line would suck. Should have been the top priority.
Ben is fine
Man that could’ve been vintage Ben. Just too high
Running game not so much
This line play is ABYSMAL
Ebron was wide open too.
OL is sucking
Time to get Okarofar in there.  The team that drafted Banner knew he wasn't a starting olineman.
"So all we have to fix is our entire offense and special teams. 

 
 
 
 
 
 








Sweet."
That Burgers postmates commercial was stupid as burgers fuck.
Jones fighting for his life lol
Dupree is killing it.  Our defense is looking stellar.
"If we get this stop our goal should be TD, not FG before the half. That was a big problem with Randy last year."
Damn our rush defense really is something else
A little bit of Bud makes the day soo much better
The IBM Watson trade thing is shit from what I’ve seen so far
I feel like our offense picked up from where it left off last year... but with Ben! Lol
I’m assuming y’all expected MVP level Ben right away but I think he’s doing pretty well so far for his first game back. Offense is gonna take awhile to build chemistry
Devin Bush with the big hit
Would love to see a long JuJu TD right now
We get it we need a young new QB. Stop rubbing it in lmao.
Johnson needs to remember his hands next week.
That muffed punt messed with DJs head
I want to see me Claypool
DJ looks like asshole tonight. He needs to get out of his own head
Ben a little rustly on his sliding.
Fuck I missed Ben's hustle. I could cry.
It's never a good thing to see your 38 year old QB to have to run for the first down!
Did Diontae piss off a gypsy woman or is he really that bad?
Who needs Cam Newton!
Rumblin
WHITE LIGHTNING
Ben running like this is 2005... Slow cowboy we need you for the super bowl
Absolute savage
This is a good-ass looking 2-min Drill.
Clydesdale
Ben is back boys
Ben with his best Truzz impression on that scramble
Lets go!
HE STAYED UP WITH POWER JWASH
Ben has more rushing yards than Barkley
Ben is back baby
J WASH STRONGGGG MAN
JAMES! Do that every drive!
COWBOY JAMES
Jesus james
More rushing yards than Conner and Barkley combined
Holy fuck Washington!!!
"Wow, Washington looked like he was stopped in the fricken air and still pushed forward once he got back down to hte ground."
Lamar isn’t the only rushing quarterback in the AFC north
"Washington is good for a nice overpower a few times a year, usually it’s a block though"
BOSGOD! I forgive you.
I LOVE HAVING A QB!!!!!!!
WASHINGTON BEING A MAN OUT THERE!
Rusty Ben that’s played two games in 2 years actually looks pretty goated
"That was amazing. Like, a perfect 2-min rush."
Ben is my favorite QB of the last 10 years.  I dream of another Steelers / Raiders AFC championship game.  However it turns out I just want to see that shit.
Lol he just called him Nate hahahaha
The Washington bull rush!!
Nate Washington
HOLY SHIT JAMES WASHINGTON
That touchdown was courtesy of pushing hay lol
Have 19% on my phone so watch out for a big play for juju... turning my phone off now so we don't have to rely on 18
Washington should be schooling Conner.
What is wrong with the commentator ??????
I'll take that. Hopefully just rust for Johnson. He looked promising last year.
I'm all for calling Booger 'Boomer' from now on.
Kirk Herbstreit has face blindness
is this season when they decided to start adding an extra team to playoffs?
God Clowney is a monster.
Should have went for 2!
Beezer twelve washingbeard
"Anyone else notice they played Stuck in the Middle with You during the Emmys commercial? Literally starts with ""Well I don't know why I came here tonight."""
Is ESPN having a mic problem? Christ almighty my ears
Ok ray ray
Ray ray put on the jets there
Since when are we allowed to run back a kick!?!?
Holy fuck this audio
SNELL YEAH
I LOVE BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
I think Snell might be earning himself a number one spot.
Did he say Blake Snell or did the mic damage my ears?
Benny Snell Football™
Benny Snell football baby
Benny Snell J.R will be/should be RB1.
Snelly looking good
"Damn, so close to taking it to the house."
"That was actually a good play by Bradbury, but now they gotta face our D again😈"
Gotta hand that to Bradbury that was a good play
Sucks they couldn't do something there.
Sign up for Draft Kings to lose all your money
"That play aside, Washington is playing with desperation. You can tell Diontae has a lot of pressure on him and he's kind of crumbling. All while another rookie is breathing down both their necks to try and get snaps in Claypool. WR situation will be interesting to keep track of."
how i missed the 3rd down bombs
Holy shit. That was BEAUTIFUL
God it feels good to see Saquon have negative yards
WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU RUN IT? I’M DYING OF LAUGHTER
This defense eats rbs and qbs and they are well fed
Bud is putting a down payment on a private island after this game
Facemask wtf
Why are we always so bad on 3rd and long?
Im still waiting for Edmundo to actually do something **productive**
Threw right at Edmunds.
So clever by Hilton lol
Hilton you sneaky fuck.
We’re always trash at 3rd and long
Giants offense is gonna be gassed by the end of the night putting in all this work for basic gains.
Fucking Edmunds...
Edmunds lol
Edmunds is the only problem our d has
Fuckin zombie crawlin out here
"Is Edmunds slow, or did he just catch on late?"
And Terrell shows he hasn’t improved in pass coverage
"I’ve seen a lot of Ola tonight, that’s good and bad."
Hold
"""Edmunds is solid guys he's just not an all star so that's why he looks bad"""
Holding on tj?
Why was he wide open?
No holding?
Yikes this kid is torching our secondary....
What the actual fuck?
Giants best play is a blown play and a dump off to the RB
Are you fucking kidding
Watt was blocked in the back on that 4th down conversion.
Four third down conversions in a row. What the heck.
Can we put a spy on Jones on third down or something?
No TJ or bud in on 3rd down. Fucking insane
Is Edmunds playing LB
"I'm gaining respect for Jones with this game. His O-line is doing him no favors and he's somehow, frustratingly, surviving."
Why can't we get to this man...
Adenyi needs to make that sack
This drive’s a killer. Defense getting tired
Embarrassing drive
Bruh how many 3rd conversions is that on one drive
This is a crushing drive. How the fuck
HE GUESSED IT
LETS GOOOO
HAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH HEYWARD!
"TUITTTTTTT!

EDIT: HEYWAAAAAAAAARD! (God dammit, could’ve sworn that was a 91, not a 97)"
LETS GO THATS HUGE
Bend don't break
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA
I wasn't worried.
Well that was a much better end to this drive than I was expecting!
HEYWARD!!!!!!!
Fuck YES DUPREE
HEYWARD
YAAASSSSSSSSS. NICE WORK DUPREE!!
Thank you for that
Heyward!!
Pay Cam!!! paid
Well.....that was good
Cam like catch the ball catch the ball catch the ball
Holy shit..... This defense
Cam you forgot step 2. Run that 100 yds back
Watt and Heyward picks. Totally saw that coming
"JFC, that drive."
"Giants offense gassed.


Steeler D 7D chess"
Heyyy I called that turnover
I thought they were going to call a safety against us for Cam having his feet slightly out of the end zone and then falling in
hopefully offense at least gives our d some rest
These past two years have caused me to go from resenting Bud Dupree to absolutely loving him and watch him fly around the field each play.
"Also, Bud has finally  been playing like I've had him play in Madden."
HOLD ON TO THE FUCKING BALL
Juju thank god
Juju is fucking EATING
"JuJu and Bud


Players of the game so far"
THANK YOU JUJU!
Juju out grabbing 5 Giants
Juju 😢❤
wait is that allowed? u can step out of bounds and still recover the fumble? is that a dumb question
JuJu vs all of New York lol!
"I don’t trust a single WR or RB when it comes to ball security, I’ve been hurt too many times"
Guess who? #78
Way to redeem yourself Diontae
The frustrating part of having Ben back... *sigh*
Why does Ben never throw away the ball
"Beautiful placement Ben



Good sell johnson"
throw it away next time
Could have easily thrown that away...
"Samuels in the game 

100% not running the ball...quit with him"
They are sitting on screen plays.
Villanueva got put on skates
"RBscreen on 2nd and 22

There’s the fichtner we know"
Wizard
I screamed
Praise be
I'm ready for the weekly game changing play by Minkah
"Man I really wish the NFL could do something different than coming back from commercials for 1 play, then going right back to commericals after the play is done. Like this is ridiculous"
Baker been working on his acting. Nice.
Big drive on defense coming up. Stop them from scoring and I think we will be able to seal this W.
It looked like he missed that field goal tbh like they didnt even show a replay
i missed all the banter on game threads
wonderful!
So many dumb mistakes from us
Jesus christ Boswell
Boswell......WHYY
Is swear we are tryna make this closer than it should be lol. Like stop fucking around with this trash team.
Come on Boz
"Lol.  30 secs ago: “Bozgod!” 30 secs later: “Boz, I’m losing my patience!”"
Lol you shall not pass n shit
HILTON
Good shit from Hilton
Is ESPNs bottom line huge? Taking up so much of the screen
What in the cinnamon toast fuck Boswell
Miss javon... but Tyson Alualu is awesome
Hilton? Hey alright let’s go
HILTON!
You love to see it
"Aside from getting hurdled all the time, Hilton has looked good tonight"
Hilton is like the only player in the secondary that is visible today.
This man Hilton though
Lmao offense looks better and defense chugging on all cylinders and now Boswell decides its his turn to shart. Well...cant have everything I guess.
YEAH BABY
I've got my eye on #41. Couple nice special teams plays and is actually on the field. Prevented Jones from getting that first down.
Sit Down Jones
This D is for real
I take back my previous statements about Hilton
Any punt return still looks odd to me after the years of Switzer fair catches.
Way closer of a game than it should be with the way the defense has been chasing Jones around all game
ok time for a 12+ play 8 minute drive down the field - of course resulting in a touchdown
"Connor hurt


NEVAAAAR"
Lol I’m shocked Conner is hurt.
Johnson is making me so nervous
Dang he looks like he is about to cry 😭
1st down baby
Would love to see at least 3 here.  Johnson playing really well.
Johnson redemption tour?
"Alright, maybe DJ can stay."
Great run by Snell! And he stayed in bounds.
finally a good run
Do ya Snell that?
We’ve broken their spirit. Calling this game now.
I am bracing myself. Feels like Herbstreit just jinxed Ben.
We tiring the giants out lol
Remember when Jabrill Peppers terrorized the Big 10?
Our line shouldn’t be doing runs when it’s under center. We run so much better from the gun. Our zone blocking a lot better when spread
Snell yeah!!
Lets put this away
BENNY SMELL
"JAMES CONNER GETS HURT

BENNY SNELL HURTS PEOPLE"
Anyone else claim benny in fantasy?
"Snell to Conner.

https://i.imgur.com/P7WvfxE.jpg"
To be fair Judge told them the Steelers weren't coming to town to hug them.
Time to put it away boysssss
This is the Snell I expected last year
Anyone know what’s going on with James Conner?
It's fun watching a first time head coach realize what they are in for all season.
Juju player of the game
Wouldn’t know someone is hurt with the announcers
JUJU!!
Juju so glad Ben back lmfao
This team is gonna be so fun to watch
"Total Replay? No thanks, I prefer 1990's Total Recall."
Not the best time for a Saquon add
What are these strange things we have...are they...points?
I WANNA SEE THE JUJU PYLON CAM
Let's get that W boys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm feeling good about the rest of this season
juju having ok game
Feels good to be back boys!
Last thing we need is another hurt lineman to an already injured unit
"So with this TD Ben has tied Eli Manning in amount of TDs, it seems. Funny it was against the Giants."
Who is Banner’s backup? Chuks?
Thats not good. God damn it
Shit... what is our next lineman up after we were already at our first next man up?
Shit
"Banner knows it’s a bad ligament injury, can just tell"
"And I’m gonna cry, too."
Fuck me I’m gonna cry
"We've won, but at what cost?"
Big guys across the league are struggling to get through week 1. No preseason is tough on these guys.
He just tore his ACL.  And he knows it.
What happened to Banner? The stream cut out and came back to my guy being hurt :( I’m devastated.
Hope banner is okay
JuJu having the game of his life. Zach Banner gets injured. Perfectly balanced
Wishing the best for Banner
"So, do you trust Chucks at RT, or do you try to slide Fieler back out there when DeCastro is healthy and you can fill Wisniewski in at the other guard spot?"
"Walked away from the screen,how bad did banner look and who was in for him withwiz out?

Edit: Man I hate seeing banners face."
These commentators are boring as fuck
Any decent o line free agents?
Nice tackle by Edmunds there.
Saquon and Jones getting their DK fantasy points up right now 🤣
Minkah wanting to carry him the length 😂
Who is behind Banner?
We’re one point away from the most points we scored last year. I feel very good if Randy doesn’t completely butcher this offense
Yeah guys just let them score
I don't trust this special teams on an onside kick
And add a recovery for Juju!
RIP Zach Banner. I’m so very sad
Get this man his 367th TD tonight!!
Really just fantastic to have Rotund Roethlisberger out there again.
Go for it
Nice job chase 😂
Primal Yell Snell
"So many positives in this game, I'm excited for the year"
That was a dope ass run
Claypool is a psycho and I’m all in.
This was a good first game of the season! Hopefully we continue to grow that connection! I really think we can make a deep run this season!
"Damn guys it feel good to be winning, Ben Juju, Snell, Mapletron, TJ, Bince, Bush Bud!"
I love this fucking team
Man I love being a Steelers fan
Connor's joints are made of glass. Love the guy but man.
Man I almost forgot how toxic steelers game threads are. Some of you are fucking disgraces
I’m ashamed of some of you. Really am.
He killed that national anthem.
I’m giving upvotes out like crazy. Happy to be back enjoying the Steelers with y’all!
What the fuck is this ad?
What a weak PI call & then of course they get a TD.
dogshit pi call bails them out. get burnt next play
"Ben got hit late by two defenders on that JuJu completion & no flag, but let's throw a flag to bail out the Giants. Make sense."
That defense is just gonna get better. Now that y’all have back a competent qb
Can we start a GoFundMe for Bud? I'll happily chip in.
Its been SIXTEEN YEARS and Ben STILL hasn't learned to throw a ball away.
"Benjamin ""Pornhub"" Rothlisburger is not getting any younger

&#x200B;

\-Captain Obvious"
If Bush can cover Barkley he can stay with almost any RB
highsmith looking good
"Phew!  Ok, *now* it's over."
"I find it weird how if you have a big lead, you're a dick for trying to keep playing and scoring, but if you're down big you can get garbage yards and TDs and no one cares."
FIRE TODD HALEY!!!
Refs and calling weak PI’s to screw the Steelers: name a more iconic duo
Full Steelering mode activated 😎
"“shoulda scored”

- big ben probably"
Love the sign our guys are holding! Pittsburgh strong!
FUCK YES PROUD OF OUR TEAM FOR TAKING A STAND! LETS BEAT THE GIANTS NOW!
WHERE ALL THE RYAN SWITZER HATERS NOW!?
That's it. Seasons over.
What's that about Switzer?
Every single returner we’ve had since AB is a muffed punt machine outside of Switzer
Connor is not good
Connor has got to be good enough to make some room for himself if he wants to stay a starter.
This Oline is fucking pathetic
Pussy ass flag
Of course they get a TD on a bullshit PI
Okay covid we can cancel the season now lol
All my homies still love Boz 😔
🅱️ince!
"Run


Run


Pass"
Who tf is our gunner and why can’t he tackle
Banner looks terrible
"Heath


Heinz


Brown


Those guys always came down with passes on 3rd down..."
Edmunds was late on the third down conversion. Always late.
Not only is Edmunds not good but he ain't even serviceable and that's what scares me shitless
Why is it always Edmunds?
Butlers zone is getting picked apart. Holy shit can we stop pretending he’s a good coordinator
Please replace Villenueva
Yet somehow the Steelers think their coordinators are worth keeping around.
Damn Conner is made of glass
Just eat up some clock and grind them down.
Benny Snell is better than James Conner.
Conner just stays injured
"""Edmund's is at least a sure tackler"" my ass"
Let's go!
"Been waiting too long for this, let’s go!"
Anyone know a good place to stream?
Hell yea I'm pumped
Its time!
What’s the feeling on Claypool? How was his training camp?
I’m going to cry when Ben runs out there on offense. I already know it.
"i got off work 20 mins ago, its past midnight here, i am drunk already. im beyond excited and ready for our LBs to punch up the new york football giants."
After some disappointing hockey and baseball. Need some Steelers football in my life.
Finally breaking out my Fitzpatrick jersey my buddy got me for my birthday. Let's go!!!
I'm way more excited for this game than I thought I was going to be.  Those hockey playoffs didn't do it for me.
"I missed all yinz on my favorite sub! Here's to a crazy, emotional, phenomenal, WINNING season with all you crazy SOBs! 

GO STEELERS!!"
These pumpkin beers and Steeler football have been gone for too long. Very exciting times.
Just stuffed my face with 20 some wings. Time to drown it in beer. Let's fucking go
There must be a lot of football news I missed. I didn't know Jason Garrett is OC for the Giants.
"I'm so worried. On one hand, primetime Ben. On the other hand, they're on the road vs a bad team."
"Just got home in time for the game with my Chinese food. 

Dogs are in their jerseys, I've got mine on, smoking a nice bowl, and waiting to dig into that delicious succulent Chinese meal once kick off happens. 

Let's fucking go Renegades!"
"LETS FUCKING GO BABY

WHO RIDE!?!?"
"Who was raising their fists?

Edit: one was Eric ebron but I didn't catch the one in the back"
Bens haitcut... looking good
"Let’s Go Boys, lets go!!!"
Washington FT fan coming in peace. Please destroy the Giants tonight so we can at least have one week alone in first place!
Lucky drop there
Seeing the D is exciting but seeing Ben on the field is like waiting on Christmas morning
Ok Danny Dimes looks legit rn
Watts a bull damm
pls stop them
"eh, this always happens. Defense usually tightens up after the first drive"
Nice delay of game for us
"We knew the defense would get a stop, I’m more anxious to see the offense"
Bruh
THAT WAS SO PREDICTABLE LMAO
Nice work turds
You've gotta be fucking kidding me
Damnit Diontae
Jesus fuck
...... what the fuck
"Saw that coming, had that bad feeling"
Oh for fucks sake
Jesus fuckin christ
Jesus christ
the more things change the more they stay the same
What the f**k
Things never change
Can our defense punt return?
Would actually be interested to see how many teams have muffed the first punt of the season
2020 making its presence felt early.
They need more crowd noise
I'll say this for the Giants: block numerals look nice.
Guess Johnson thought the defense needed more practice.
Defense saves us again
Good defense there. Good shit
good defense
At least it's only 3. Way to go Defense
Punt it you cowards
Serious question: Did Switzer ever muff a punt?
"got a taste of our defense, now it’s time for a taste of our offense"
Would you put Johnson back on punt return again?
Thank god they called that incomplete or else we’re down 7 instead of 3.
Time for Conner to lat spread and fly
Morale is low in the giants sub because they had to settle.
Johnson just wanted to delay the arrival of Ben a few more minutes.
HERE COMES BEN!!!! 🐐🐐🐐
"At least we held them for three but fuck that sucked. 

Do we finally get to see Big Ben? First snap a hand off? Or we going deep?"
"What about Ola? He’s about five nine and just beasting dudes out there

Great rush by Watt and Bud too, probably a fumble"
Lol
Fantastic start boys
That sucked
Ouch
Horrible first dirve
That was kind of a throw?
The right side of the Oline is just not good.
Oof what a terrible punt
Horrible punt too jesus christ
I have no faith in our run game at all.
It’s just a ruse to get the Giants to think Ben can only pass it 2 feet in the air.
Our Defense needs to put up points
"Piss poor punt, only defense showing up so far."
"brush off the rust boys, you guys got it next drive"
[deleted]
Big brain move: three and out was on purpose to see what Dustin looks like in-game! /s
"Ah, yes. Run, run, pass, punt. The Fichtner Special. 

Lol picked up right where we left off."
We waited a year for that piss poor drive
SO CLOSE
"Run, run, PASS! Run, run, PASS!

Buddy, you're a boy, make a big noise --"
Atta boy Bud!!!
Holy Bud Dupree
DUPREEEEEE
BIG BUD
Good shit bud!
God damn bud looking like a beast
"did they even show our punt?  I wanted to see our new punter, doesn't look like it was a long punt."
Bud looking great this drive
Is Todd Haley back??
Bud was always that quick?!?!?!?
"Man, bud looks faaast"
Stud!!
We have to force giants to throw the ball. Contain saquads and we cripple their offense
The curtain is CLOSING!!!!!
Honestly nothing turns me on more than amazing D
"Run, Run, Pass may have been a great ideology 15-20 years ago, but if you do that 3 times and get nothing out of the gate early in today’s NFL it could be a death sentence."
"WHO YOU CALLING BUD, PAL!"
I fucking love this defense
This defense is going to be a problem this season
I'm so happy to watch this defense.
Damn this defense is good
Damn this D is so good
Fucking a this defense is giving me a boner
I held my breathe on that one
Defense came out buzzing.
Defense is NASTY
Bruh! Who else we got that can catch a punt?
I love this defense. Feels so good to finally have a reliable part.
DJ SPOOOOOKED
Bud the Stud
Let's get some points on the board!! Unleash Ben's bionic elbow!!!
Give juju a catch!
THROW IT TO JUJU!
He looks UNCOMFORTABLE fielding punts
Maybe we need to resign AB to return punts /s
those stops on d were incredible
i’m predicting run run pass am i doing it right?
Oh man the Defense is SWARMING. Bud and TJ are elite
Stop running the ball i wanna see ben launch it deep
God damn I love our fucking defense
Pass the damn ball
💩 offense
"Telling you guys now, if we just run 90% of offense sive plays from shotgun we aren't winning shit this year. Get up under center Ben."
Honestly I’m done.
"Sloppy offense, not really all that surprised. This will take a few drives for Ben to get in a rhythm."
Why do they keep going to Conner?  Conner is not very good.
Ben even thinks Conner sucks.
Plz don’t let our game plan be James Connor.
Experience duck/mason football
"It’s been long enough we can all just be adults and admit that James Conner sucks kind of a lot, right?"
GOOD JUJU
Juju!!!
"Ben, there are more players than Conner on offense"
JuuJuuuu!
oh god bens limping
Ben please no limping
There's my boy!
JU JU
Stop giving Conner the ball. He’s a yards sink right now. Spread it around
Ben is hurt
And Ben is hurt. This Oline is garbage
I HEARD OUR BACKUP WAS A ROCKET SCIENTIST
Ben's got some pain on his thigh/knee look at him
Conner is such poo poo
Big Ben keeps lifting and holding his left knee...
Doubt Ben has been hit like that since the last tie he played
MAPLETRONN
MAPLETRON!
Holy shit what a throw
Beautiful!
What a fucking catch.
CLAYPOOL!
Claypool SZN!!
HOLY FUCK CLAYPOOL
Maple Leaf baby!!!
O line play pretty poor so far. No running room and Ben not having time
There's a tony toe tap joke in there somewhere
MAPLETRON!!!!
"Looked out to me, in real time."
Toe drag swag
BIG BOI WITH BIG CATCH
CLAYPOOL BABY
CLAYPOOL
His first fucking catch? Jesus Christ!
Chase mother fucking Claypool
Let's go mapletron
There was a great fucking catch!! Reminds me of The Catch ^^^TM
"clay pool catch, me unzips"
Can we skip to 3rd down so we do something
CLAYPOOLL LOOKING LIKE A VET
Holy pushoff
I haven’t seen footwork like that since AB. Let’s fucking go!
Snell>Conner
WOW
"O-line hasn’t been convincing, be nice to have pouncey back"
Jesus rookie...
Y'all forgetting the Giants run defense allowed 3.9 ypc last year they're good I'm not surprised Conner isn't playing well
Now I see why he got so much hype.
Snell >>>
**MAPLETRON IS REAL**
That's a big time play by Conner to hang on to that
Way to hang on to that Conner.
That’s a big time catch with that hit
SNELLLLLL YA LATERR
"Now we're playing Benny Snell football!

Also in my head cannon Snell Jr. likes to find ways to use his last name as a pun and every time Tomlin hears it he makes him take a lap."
MAPLETRON!
What a catch by claypool
My god I forgot what moving the sticks felt like
Randy trying for the babushka look
Expecting an Ebron sighting soon
We are garbage running the ball
Bro nobody can block wtf
I approve of Mike Tomlin’s Kakashi look
BOZGAWD!!!!!
TF was that he was wide open
That first quarter flew by or was it just me?
BOSGOD
Thank you Boz!
Who keeps getting beat at the line lol wtf
WIZARD OF BOZ IS BACK!
If that pass is on target it’s a TD
Slowly getting into rhythm!
"If the Bosgod is on point, we'll be fine."
Conner bad
Wisnewski is getting torched
"""We want to effect him, to make Big Ben feel us."""
Ben seeing James Conners’ barber? That fade is a lil high
O-line struggling
Thanks Boz
Ben looks shaky as fuck.
Every run someone has been in the backfield... 75% of the time Ben doesn’t have time. O line has to do better if we want any rhythm on offense
Right side of the offensive line is new & you can tell. So much pressure quickly after the snap.
Praise be
We need to start throwing the ball more.
"Not really impressed with Wisnewski so far, got blown up on a couple blocks, stood between Conner and Ben and blocked his vision on that one pass (and wouldn't be able to block for Conner anyways since he was behind him). Hopefully he picks it up since Decastro is out"
[deleted]
These types if commercials are so stupid
"I miss Foster, man..."
"The best group on the giants is there dline.  Idk why we think dives and screens are going to work.  Quick throws, outs and slants are what's going to do it."
Giants made it a point to get the ball out fast. Our secondary needs to come through
"I am glad, as far as I'm aware, Tomlin doesn't have any commercials.

Weird how that feeling just came over me."
"It’s not Conner, Ben’s or Fichtner’s fault. It’s totally the Offensive line’s fault. Awful"
Get McFarland in there. I wanna see 4.2 speeeeeeeed
No pressure on the QB is pissing me off
Not this bullshit
Most bs call wth
all the rbs not gonna look good behind this line especially with decastro out
Time to respond
Thats ridiculous
Terrible PI call but whoever that was got straight burned
Where's the pressure
Facepalm.
Put Snell in
Can we throw a ball past the line of scrimmage?
That was a dogshit PI call.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT
CATCH THE FUCKING BALL. HOW MUCH ARE YOU GETTING PAID?!
Pretty fucking dog shit playcalling.
Holy fucking shit FIRE RANDY
conner is fucking useless
Take fucking Conner out he somehow is rustier than Big Ben
Throw a fucking quick pass
Conner injured already lmao
Connor’s injured. I’m shocked.
"Ok Conner sucks, can we call plays that don’t revolve around him"
Holy shit this offense looks fucking flat
Connor-pallooza
whats up w this conner has like 40 touches and the it isnt working
"Not sure what this offense is supposed to be doing with all the motions and such, but it isn’t working at all"
this offense is abysmal
Steelers and 3 and outs. They just cannot live without one another
Get Connor outta here
"That was a bad drop by Conner, but the very next play he's got nowhere to run with 4 giants in front of him and no line help. Just mistakes all around."
This play calling is ridiculous
Why do they keep giving it to conner LMAO
James plz
Bro wtf is this play calling
Not a whole lot to feel good about to start this game...
"This is gonna be a long game, isn’t it?"
How are people blaming JC? He was literally 1v4 on that last play. Every single lineman missed their block
WHAT IS THIS PLAY CALLING!?!?! Oh wait. Typical Steelers crap
On offence the problems our o line
We’re a second half team hehe *nervously
Hmmm gonna be a long year isnt it
What is this offense? Connor looks super slow.  Ben inaccurate.  Just end me now.
THROW THE BALL DOWN THE FUCKING FIELD
QB doesn’t matter. This Oline is pathetic
Welcome to no preseason
"Even if Vance did catch it, why we throwing to the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 9?"
Not play calling issue. Ben is off target.
"Offence, Defence AND special teams. Failing grade overall"
"Totally fucking not okay with losing Bud and Juju for Ben at this point.

Just really fucking not."
"That neverous feeling.... Oh, how I've missed you"
Ben lowkey looks cooked.
we're struggling against one of the worst teams in the league
Why do we always start so bad every year? Every single year!!
Love these people saying seasons over and bens washed after seeing all of 1Q after he missed a year
Goddamn we cant even tackle
The playcalling is atrocious.
Same old sorry ass offensive play calling.
The BEST Watt.
TJ saves us
YESSIR
I can’t do another year where our best player on offfense is minkah on defense
WATTS UP
Watt a ya know!
WATTTTTT
Need a turnover here
thank god for TJ Watt
TJ Watt!!!!!
That pick makes up for that dropped punt.
WATTTTTT!
TJ Bailed us out...gotta do something with it now
TJ!!!!!!
DPOY
GOOD RUN
"Guys, don't worry about Ben.  It's early.  He's a vet.  Knocking off the rust.  I'm more worried about our O-line and running game."
TJ is such a superstar
WATT DPOY
"Woo! Nice INT! 

Time for 3 more carries for 1 yd to conner"
TJ FUCKEN WATT!!!!!!!
THANK YOU TJ
Snell already looks better than conner after one play
Benny Snell football y'all
JJ is the inferior Watt
TJ PIIICKKK
TJ W A T T
Why aren't we using Derek Watt we signed him for a reason
TJ Watt literally the only bright spot so far after this long ass break.
Can we keep playing snell. Conner can't run
Snell > Conner
Snell is better than Conner
Are you shitting me
What a coaching gaf. Call a timeout
Where’s derek watt?
EBRON!!!
EBRON SIGHTING
Yeah Ebron
BIG MAAAN
"Ebron, doing good TE things!"
ERIC EBRON LETS GOO!!!!
Welcome to Pittsburgh Ebron
"In the three PI’s I’ve seen called so far this season (Bengals/Chargers, Rams/Cowboys, and this game) the rules experts have disagreed with the call all three times."
Maybe put in the massive WR that made an incredible play in his only target?
I feel like we're historically better at 3rd and medium compared to 3rd and 1
No lie forgot we had Ebron lol gg
Juju
ATTA BOI JUJU
Vance Mac with the sick flow
Juju really missed having Ben last year.
Look at that pick up block by Benny Snell. James Connor could never
Juju baby!!
Juju hell yes!
No one is happier to have Ben back than JuJu
"JUJU, BABY!"
TOUCH DOWN JUJUUUUUU WOOOOOO GOOD JOB BABY
CLASSIC BEN THIS IS WHAT WEVE MISSED!
LMAOOOOOOOOO
Wtf boz
That must have taken a load off Ben's shoulders.
Back to bad Boswell
Juju!!
JUJU!!!!
FECK
Preseason Rust
Ah so that's how we lose by 1
"Fuck, Boswell, Fuck"
Juuuu
**JU JU!!!!!!!!!!**
Boswell bro cmon
Let's fucking go! Momentum on our side now.
this team oh my fucking god i swear.
JuJu you my number one!
Blitzing Ben? That's a death wish
YOU FUCKING DOINKED IT
That almost looked fake for some reason. Weird TD. Great TD.
Special teams: never ceases to disappoint
"Oi, who replaced Boswell with Cody Parkey?"
It’s the little things...
JUJU SZN BABY
Common Boz. Gotta be better than that
Ah shit here we go again
We need an Alan Faneca on this line
i hate that fucking groundhog so much
Man if y’all lose by one imma cry
Jie Boden
Dupree is 270...MPH!
Bud is coming for that big contract
Bud Dupree kicking some ass
We have to pay Bud Dupree
"Dupree is picking right up where he left off, fuck yeah dude"
Bud dupree is so interesting to me. We were all writing him off like year 3 and dude has been beast now
 The way they're handling Saquon makes me feel something in my pants.
Bud absolutely WRECKING the run game
You don't run on the Steelers defense. You can try to run from them but it'll only result in a loss.
holy fuck Saquon is a beast
"You'd think that at some point they'd want to maybe put a hand, just one, on Bud.  Like.  Just a thought."
Dupree is John Cena out here for the Giants
Come on Minkah
Bud Dupree shows why he earned his motherfucking contract. This linebacker corps is bringing back good memories
Again with Edmunds getting absolutely smoked
God damnit that leap is not fun to watch when he's not wearing the PSU uni.
Bush should've committed for the sack.
I hate PI unless it helps us... gg
Lol such a bad call tho
*oof*  You could see that coming right from the snap.
**BINCE!!!**
GODDAMN
Love Vince.  Sign the man!
I LOVE BINCE
BINCE THE KILLER
BINCE
Weird that Johnson looks more comfortable returning a punt than calling a fair catch.
"Ah yes, the Switzer special"
At least the D is showing up
Bince is Back!!
These OL’s have all been trash as fuck this week
I wanna see Benny snell this drive
Ben just panicking back there
"Oh Zach, that's not going to cut it"
James Conner with that great 1.5 yards per carry
"Dude, where's my offense?"
Banner if you could turn into the Hulk now that would be great
"2nd and 19, hand off.. the fuck"
Damn Banner...
"Ben gets sacked by the second guy? Come on, gotta at least shrug off four guys /s"
Oline literally hitting down one person that play. Like wtf are you fucks doing?
Is it just me or do we keep running almost identical motions and run
"Damn, so close"
Oh yay 2 more yards on a run
Well that was not great.
punt team is horrible
Ben’s footwork looks off
Did Ben not just get smacked in the head!? Where’s the flag?
The ol is the biggest team problem
"Dang, mid-field again."
Is this finally the year they get rid of Danny Smith?
We may as well just pass every time. They are stuffing the run
Maybe our coaches can Google search some adjustments for the 2nd half
"Got a solid receiving core and we're just not using them to our advantage. Play calling needs to get better in the second half, but this is a team that never seems to make any second half adjustments. Hopefully I'm wrong this time."
Wasn’t the best throw but still shoulda caught that. I love the Ebron signing but we gotta accept that there will be some drops with him.
The torture that was last year is continuing into this year
Defense carrying the fuck outta this team
"If our offense could match our defense, we’d be set this season."
I mean at least the defense looks good
god our d line and linebacker core is good
Once our offense starts to get some chemistry back...with this defense...😍😍😍
"THAT PUSH BY BUDDDD >>>>>>>

That's back to back plays where Bud showed his shit. You love to see it"
I was so worried when Lebeau left. I think Butler has exceeded expectations thus far.
"I know everyone is saying it, but this fucking defense is comically good."
"How is clock management always such shit for this team. I love Tomlin and all but maybe I just don't agree with his style, which is never call the TO or wait til 20s too late"
[deleted]
Barkley is gonna get fucking killed doing that
he’s got a WHAT on his arm
Saquon shouldn’t be risking himself for this horrible team
barkley just about got a helmet in the dick.  he keeps jumping people hes gonna get one.
The Giants best play is a checkdown to Saquon lol
Take all them sweeps and fake sweeps and throw em in the trash
Our O line is trash
Wtf is this? Ben's arms were completely fucked up
RIP suit guy
"1:30 left in the half

jet sweep for a yard in bounds"
If I had a dollar for every time Fichtner ran it up the gut on first down for a 1 yard gain I'd have enough money to fire Fichtner
Johnson is the new Moncrief
Diontae is not having a good game.
This drive is humming because Ben is calling the plays.
THATS A PITTSBURGH STEELERS...
Man Johnson not looking very good at all
Schuster Smith
MONTCRIEF OUT THERE LMAOO
Good time management
Quick someone grab my stickum plz
"Juju doing well! Come on Diontae, you can do well too!"
James Washington > Diontae Johnson
Diontae run fast no catch good
Look at those WHEELS
These new MNF commentators have no personality
TRUZZ BEN
Lamar Jackson who?
DAD LEGS
Ben is winded
Best Dual Threat QB in the league
Ben got wheels or treads 😁
HELLZ YA 3RD EFFORT
OHHHHH YEAHHHHHHHHB
WASHINGTON!!!!!!
A MUSCLY BOY
Ben didn't even need the 2 timeouts.
James is just a good ol boy.
"SMALL BOI, BIG EFFORT"
TOLD Y'ALL YOU'RE OVERREACTING
Great fucking play Washington!!
Country boy!!!
That is fucking pure power wow lets go James!
Lmao imagine being a giants fan on that one
JAMES WASHINGTON!!! KNOW HIS NAME!!
Incredible how this team changed with Conner out
Washington was our DJ the whole time.
Feel bad for that poor ref as he’s trying to protect himself from that spike
i love how they cut the field mics after the TD HAHAAHAHHA
WHOOO! Washington wanted that bad
YEsSSsSsd
Washington is the WR2 we need.
The James Worshington incline!!!!
*chef kiss*
They have to bleep out the players celebrating!
Nate Washington lmao
"What an effort by Washington.

But why not go for the 2pt?"
Washington with the second effort!
Nice route design
Man if only we could play with the efficiency we have in two minute drills all the time.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
So hyped for our d line
What an end to that half.  Great effort.
That was pretty!! Nice to watch a Steelers drive end in points!
I was calling for a pass to Washington that whole drive. That turned out better than expected lol
Some offensive line moves need to be made. If you protect Ben then this season has serious potential. I feel good about this WR group they have going. Just hope DJ is just dealing with rust.
Anyone else hearing that shit?
That mic
mawp mawp
Came here to ask if people were hearing that sharp sound....obviously I am not alone.
"Well, the somersault was cool but we don't get points for style."
"Damn, he could’ve gone all the way"
That was really great vision by McCloud
I see why we kept McCloud.
Benny Snell football
snell ya baby!
BENNY
"Snell is gonna be good. After watching him run all over Penn State during that bowl game a couple years back I knew he was the real deal. I hated him then, I love him now."
"If you don't like that, you don't like Benny Snell football!!!!"
Look at Banner out there just throwin’ fools down
Is Connor hurt?
Bradberry is good
Stepping away from shitting on Randy for a second. I already love Colquitt.
I want more clay
"Great coverage, can't be mad"
Why is DraftKings introducing people in their commercial like it matters? Or is that someone famous??
Today will be the day where Conner officially loses his job
LMFAO. they aint going nowhere
I want another Watt INT!
Barkley lmfao
We got lucky on that one
Dupree pressuring literally every play. Dude is so quick
Are you serious?
Hilton on the wrist strap has to be the new defensive meta
Hilton 20000IQ
That was honestly a really good throw. Fit it into a tight window.
Get Terrell out of there JFC
"They should've sent the house there on a rookie QB in his endzone, safety or bad pass resulting in int is likely there."
This defense might be in trouble when they’re not facing a middle school offensive line
Edmunds is always in no man's land guarding nobody.
Edmunds SUCKS
Edmunds is trash
Edmunds looking like a liability so far
Terrell is so freaking bad
Imagine if Edmunds was someone better
I am not a draft guru by any means...just to give an excuse for my ignorance...but I didn’t realize that Jones was the #6 overall pick in the draft. I just googled him to find that out.
Edmunds has not improved at all. Legit trash
Bush is ON Barkley
Legit question: who would you rather see on the field Edmunds or Sean Davis?
Unreal...
Held the living fuck out of our defensive line there
"Hold on TJ, no call"
It's at times like these that I really miss Shazier. This defense would've developed into something even more deadly.
C’mon what? Y’all gotta get to him just a second faster lol. I can’t complain tho
Jones hasn’t fumbled yet...
Fair play to the guy guarding TJ. That’s another tackle in his box score.
Minkah Time!
"Edmunds is trash yet playing every down while everyone else rests. 

I don't fucking get it."
 Our defense is so fucking slow
"This Giants QB is getting lucky. With some of those wild throws, it's only a matter of time before we take it away."
Lotta backups in on this long drive
How TF is our defense making Jones look like Patriots TB12 (because Bucs TB12 sucks lmao)
"Well played Terrell, he probably wouldn’t have made it on his own!"
At this point just let em in and try again later
How tf are we taking the bait on play action when THEY'VE DONE NOTHING IN THE RUN GAME?
This fucking secondary
IS NO ONE COVERING THE FLATS JESUS TITS
Is that 4 converted 3rd downs on this drive? About to be 5?
"I THOUGHT WE GOT RID OF THE PREVENT DEFENSE!!!

WTF BUTLER!!!"
theyre about to go 95 yards on us
After they spot the blitz you have to adjust and call it off
JFC defense switch to man to man zone clearly isn’t working right now
Bush > Edmunds in coverage
Defense is gassed
I just ripped the fattest sigh
FUCK YA
Defense... Staaaahp
That's convenient.
Thank you sweet baby Jesus
They're never nowhere near the person with the ball. We need another TJ Watt pick. He knows he wants to.
Our defense got so fucking lucky
Lol Jones with a gift.
So basically. No consistency at all. What happened? Why is Edmunds still on this team?
THANK YOU CAM
Thank fucking god
C A M
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow bailed out 5 defenders right there
Hahahaha
/u/bullybimbler this man
OMG HE PICKED IT OFF
LETS GOOO
This was a pretty impressive drive by the Giants.....Until that interception.
"Usually will defend Edmunds,  but oof. Idk if I can today."
"Man, that has to suck (if your a Giants fan)"
Bend don't break defense!!!
Earning his paycheck
SUPER BOWL
finally a break
What on God’s green earth is Hilton doing?
Just pay the man.
A gift. Nothing more.
You take that much pressure you're gonna make a mistake eventually.
Happy ending
Looks to be Cam Heywards first interception. LETS GO
Big boy INT!!!
Lmao I was texting my friend that Danny Dimes was picking us apart
Dj luck finally ran out
Omg Ironhead JR!
"As always, my bois giving me both an anxiety attack and then full ecstasy on that drive. Dupree and Cam are bae"
really dude? fucking hold the ball LMFAO
No Benny noooooo
Damn it Snell.
Juju muthafucka
Helluva an effort by JuJu.
Snell please be careful
jesus christ man this game is killing me
Collective sigh of relief
Snell got bailed out there.
JUJU 🙏🙏🙏🙏
I’m so happy I bought Juju’s Jersey last year.
FIRST DOWN
Thank the fucking god(s)
Thank fuck we retained that
big save by juju there
Thank the lord for JuJu
thats benny snell football baby hard hands smothered in hard butter teammates also hard to bail you out
God bless JuJu
Still better than James Connor
phew
Diontae sighting
Great effort Johnson!
Ok stand back up
b-ben no!
Lack of any preseason games is really apparent on both sides.   Too many plays where players looking clueless.
B A L L   S E C U R I T Y
AV come on man
Throw it away
get rid of the ball dum dum
Villenuevu
Is it 3rd or 4th down?
"Okay, can we please get at least 3 here."
Throw it away Ben!!!!!
at least ben isn't afraid to take hits i see.. heh.
Does the color on one of the cameras seem off?
Never a doubt
Praise be
I hate the FG angles. I’m not sure why..
Bunches fucking mental errors tonight boys. Absolutely have to get that sorted
"Dammit, Boz."
goodness boz..
Come on dude. NONE of that!
Gotta start 'em at the 40 cause of all that tackles for a loss.
SACK
Be-GONE *GIANT*
We got 12 men out there with that Giants lineman helping us 😂
Great play call
Defense is scary
I'm staying at the Hilton tonight!!!!
Oof that stop bailed out Boz! Another bailout!
And now a 10 min drive
If DJ got some blocking from his teammates he may break one.
Benny Snell time
Feels like I’m watching an SEC team on CBS with the constant commercials...
James Connor must have glass bones..dude is always hurt
Feel bad for Conner.  Seems like it'll be his last year as a Steeler.
"Everyone shitting on Ben... do you not remember last year? Give him time to get going, we’ve not even had a preseason."
i feel so bad for Conner man.. i just want to see him do well
Ran straight into Vance...
James Connor is hurt? Weird.
[deleted]
Clean!
"I don’t think he’s all that hurt, I just think he couldn’t produce anything so they’re going with Snell as the feature and it’s working better."
It's just refreshing to see short easy passes connect to receivers
We have run literally one run play over and over
Second half DJ 👀
This is a Ben at work drive
Oh my Ebron
Benny Snell Football!!!!
Let’s get Claypool the ball
No injuries man...
Everybody is saying we need a new RB like our Oline isn’t absolutely sucking right now..
STONE COLD SAID GIMME A SNELL YEAH!!!
Is conner hurt?
Benny Boi!!!
"Giants D a mess 

You love to see it"
Lets get a TD!
Jujuuuuu
Fuck yea ju ju
The Ju!
JuJu with 2!
JUJU SZN
2 TDs for Juju!
That’s our number 1 wr juju
"Dang this team looks good. Could just be how bad he giants are tho. 

Big Ben looks a lot more confident in the zone now, which is good"
Ben looks good
"""And inhales everything!""

Big whoop, get me stoned enough and I do the same thing."
Enough with the injuries! Ugh.
Not Banner. No!
oh dear god
Fuck
"Fuck me, the look on his face is crushing. Heal up quick Banner!"
HERE comes the gabage yards and points
Damn it banner. No!
Why is Kirk hyping up Jason fucking Garrett?
Mink that was a good play
uh huh.. whatever you say ref
Ref’s looking for a back door cover?
Gg giants. you lose. go home.
Good shit haden
The coverage has been a little off tonight
Come on Nelson
Awesome
Game. Now I can rest easy
Lets get Ben another TD!
"man i love conner, but this is ridic. the man made of glass"
We running Snell Ball now boys
"Okay, but that was a good trap block by the rookie guard Dotson."
"amazing game, also gg giants"
Already a better start than last year boys
"GGs boys, I felt good with this game except for that last TD"
Better start than last year already.
I'm all aboard the Mapletron train.
Couldn’t have asked for a better opener.
3...2...1 win
Refs 10 Steelers 3
Fuck Tiktok and their communist overlords
Need that hot chick with the shoulderless leather jacket to find out what happened to Zach.  Do your job chick
Switzer truthers cuming themselves now.
Edmunds and getting burnt to a fucking crisp. Name a better duo.
STEELERS AGAINST RACISM. You love to see it. 🖤💛🖤💛🖤💛
"Jesus fucking christ.

At least Switzer didn't drop it"
I miss Switzer
"My dream Super Bowl is Niners v Steelers, hope it happens one day soon"
REFS ARE TARDS
I seriously hate the fake crowd noise.
That's gonna bite us.
If we lose by 1 point...
The Pirates were a lot better with the Zoltan hand sign. All Pittsburgh sports teams should bring it back.
I love watching your guys defense. Reminds me a lot of my team (the Bears) 2018 defensive unit
Our punt coverage is hilariously bad
Banner is getting eaten alive
Mason warming up. Fuck me
There’s the Ben we know and love. Game over now.
Leading at HT. Nearly 2am. Hope to wake to victory
"Fuck it, I miss Booger and his dumbass remarks"
that's benny snell football baby none of that stretching on the sidelines just that hard nose rock hard hard as a rock hard football
Edmunds again. Shit
 Edmunds is so awful. Always behind the play
Edmunds is ass
Edmunds needs to be cut yesterday
This is getting absurd. Defense getting destroyed
Time for a Bourbon a Scotch and a beer.  And I'm all out of... actually I have all of those.  Cheers!  Time for a boilermaker!
His running skills are questionable
Juju makes me forget all the hurt he caused me last year and I am ready to get hurt again....
"Bears fan, with Steelers as my strong second team. I'm loving what I'm seeing from Snell and I love how this org seems to just build/ develop strong running backs"
So we are gonna have to find some OL right? Likely a trade as well as FA signing
I'm seeing why they like Highsmith he's got a motor.
What are yalls thoughts on the fake crowd noise? I think it's funny as hell lol
covid free hookers for the front seven....all night long
"Switzer is garbage they said.


There's exactly why Switz was solid. He never missed those."
Time for the token Connor fumble.
Maybe Mason Rudolph wasn’t that bad...maybe this O-Line has been shit since last year.
LOL riden with biden!!
WhY dO wE pUt SwiTzER BaCk ThERe
"For all of you pieces of shit talking shit on Switzer, he would have planted his heels at the 10 and fake fair caught that."
Those shitting on Diontae have to be the most short-sighted human beings ever.
“Put Rudolph in... Ben stinks and is old”
Chill with all the overreactions. its the first drive for them all year with no preseason games
Snell>Conner rn
"Snell only, please."
"Remember how much fun Ben, Bell, and Brown were to watch?... sigh..."
"Snell made more happen with two carries then Conner has with half a dozen touches so far. I’m over it, give 24 more snaps."
Edwards is back to in season form missing tackles.... fucking hell
I cant go through another year of Boswell missing half his kicks again
This was supposed to be the easy game to ease into the season
[deleted]
Ben running the offense is better than sex
Fucking Edmunds
Edmunds is trash holy shit
Cut Edmunds and bring in Earl Thomas. Swap that motherfucker for a brotherfucker
Edmunds is ass
Hasn’t been a perfect game but I’m impressed from what I’ve seen of Daniel Jones thus far.
watt getting held every damn play
FUCK THE GIANTS
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Benny Snell is still way better than Conner
"Where is Minkah, is he invisible?  He has only one tackle so far and was all goose eggs at the half."
We desperately need a new RB
Joe Judge? More like Moe Fudge amiright?
"Conner got very few carries... the offense was not clicking the first quarter, neither was conner... I think we need to relax on the conner slander here."
Oh my god there is no way this team doesn’t go far this year
"Ben, Juju, Snell, and the Defense all look really good"
Edmunds looking a bit sharper so far
If we let them back into this game I'm going to cry
This RB group is a big pile of meh. It’s not that important of a position but you’d like a bit more explosion.
"“Why is Conner bad”

It’s almost like he’s nursing an injury, you know the one he got earlier but came back in the game despite it because hes a beast?"
Is the game not available on SlingTV? I can’t find it on there SOS
Where’s Jack Lambert’s balls I’m ready to give them their yearly good luck rub
"It’s been a long offseason full of staying inside and hoping for some sports. Here we are, minutes away from watching the Pittsburgh mother fucking Steelers destroy not only the NY Giants but also the destruction of New Jersey. We’re about to watch Big Ben sling the rock for the first time in almost a year, see our defense back together with Tuitt, and win A GOD DAMN FOOTBALL GAME AND START THE STAIRWAY TO 7! Let’s FUCKING GO!"
I'm thinking we're going to see a lot of spread with 4 and 5 wide tonight from the Steelers. No better way to get Ben in a rhythm and knock the rust off.
Mannn... why am I feeling nervous/anxious? Fml
It’s good to be back!!
I hate when everyone picks us to win.
I am pumped!
IT'S TIME I'M SKIPPING MY COMPUTER SCIENCE HOMEWORK FOR THIS
"Dude has some custom, sexy-cut scrubs!!!"
"It's gonna be sad not seeing ANY towels waving tonight, normally we see lots wherever the Steelers go. At least they'll be waving at home."
Let’s go baby
I’m so glad to be back with you boys for another season. So glad football is back
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
LFG BOYS!!!
BEN IS BACK LETS GET THAT LOMBARDI
LFG BOYS I WANT AT LEAST ONE OF MY TEAMS TO WIN THIS WEEK
ITS HAPPENING!!!!
Ofc we can’t start on defense forcing a 3 and out lmao
C'mon defense. Let's get off the field here
Anyone got a link to the stream?
🅱️INCE
Steelers D does things to my D
good to be back gents
[deleted]
He really called Bush Vince for a second
Ola!
This looks like the 2016 D. Hopefully they tighten up
Not gonna lie I’m excited for Fowler and Herbstreit but it’s a little weird
Get a stop here
Missed y’all
Glad to be back 💛 HERE WE GO!
Lol I forgot Jason is their HC
Is there a way to get this thread to auto sort by new without changing my site wide settings?
Was that Daniel Jones saying “no play” I bet the defense heard it
Typical
Fucking idiot
"Dionte Johnson, FUCKING YIKES"
Godammit
You fucking serious?
What the actual fuck!
Fucking god damnit...
Ruh roh
You can’t catch with ur shoulders bro
What. The. Fuck.
Fuck
Well.....shit
Fuck me
WTF!!!!!!
Well that's not ideal
Bro wtf
Oh no....
Bruh
Are you fucking kidding me
"Shit, that sucks."
Fuck fuck fuck
Cmon man are you kidding
What a great start
c’mon defense
Are u fucking serious
Bring back AB to return punts and jump kick the punt team!
Well fuck
The shitty part is I WANT TO SEE BEN
Come on Minkah!  Gimme that sweet adrenaline
"Ok, that was a great effing stand."
At least we held them to a FG... please don’t do that again boys...
Classic bend dont break
LFG Ben!
Luckily dan Jones is cheeks
ITS BEN TIME FINALLY
🤡
Need a long drive to rest the defense.
Welcome back Ben! Let’s see what you can do
Why do we have bad luck with punt returns
Okay the season is back on
Diontae better make up for that
Strong defensive playing. Good stuff.
I'm so happy
This defense is giving me needs
Johnson giving us Big Ben blue balls smh
"Ray-Ray’s replaced Johnson on special teams, put down the pitchforks"
No throws bruh 🥺
That wasn't pretty
"Holly crap, Conner!"
Will a Steeler catch a ball this year?
What. The. Fuck.
"Ahh another year of run, run, pass, punt."
Run run pass
Yeah so probably not the start we wanted
"New season, same terrible punts."
*Broken trumpet noise*
Welp this isnt staring off great
*Sighs* I got too hyped.
Damn I miss AB but also fuck AB
They got it out of their system now. Second drive will be crazy!
Rough start
"Three and out, FUCK"
"Tank for T-Law 
/s
(I hope)"
Could be worse..
"Alright. Offense, defense and special teams got punched in the face. So hopefully the nerves go away"
[deleted]
Some pros and cons playing no preseason games
Okay Budddddd!
Dupreeeeeee
All defense today.
Buddddd
Dupree DPOY
Bud off the edge 👀
Dupree baby!!
BUUUUUUD DUPREEEEE!
I love this defense
BUD DUPREE
There you go bud!!
Don't sleep on Dupree!!!
Right now this is looking like a classic case of the stoppable force vs. the moveable object.
Nice play Cam Sutton!
Announcers didn't give Sutton credit at all. lol
This D is elite
This defense makes me feel tingly downstairs.
Let's Go D!
Bud looking like a beast
Bud was not having it
Good stop defense!
The D is hype
Nice stop defense!!
I love our defense. Nobody leave ever
Them some mothafucking DAWGS out there!
Johnson's punt catching is scaring me
Bruh Diontae please
"Our D is looking every bit as good as we had hoped, so that’s reassuring. It’s early, but still."
Special teams a litle quirkly
I’m convinced Mike Tomlin just doesn’t give a fuck about special teams.
Happy to see activity from Sutton!!!
Bring back Switz
God I love this defence.
"Come one ben you got this man, just make sure someone mapleleaf is open and chunk that bad boy down the field"
Ben is gonna go deep on the first play
"Alright, play action 20 yard slant to juju to start the drive. calling it"
Release Mapletron
Anyone else feel really weird without the fans? Like it sounds so eerie. Like literally just backyard football.
The browns and bengals fans takes in the nfl thread are ducking hilarious
Cmon Big Ben throw!
"so far, we're not getting any line push"
This offense....
Ben seems rusty
Maybe we try something besides a handoff
So is our offense only Conner?? Just wondering.
"Ben, Conner and 60 sidekicks..."
This shitshow looks like last year part 2
JUJU!!!!!
Oh shittttt!!! jimmy broke the 3 yard threshold!
Jujuuuu
JU JU!
Thats it....JuJu
I dunno if this is just the stream I'm watching but I'm loving all these Canadian commercials. Fucking smiling cookie and it helps people in my community? I'll take eight!
He’s fucking hurt...
JUJU!
Juju baby
A JuJu sighting!
"Thank you JuJu, very cool"
Is 30 the only number Ben can see ???
Damn juju ben... i missed that
"Phew, almost thought we started Hodges out there for a sec."
Get the boot
Not the knee
Maybe Ben needed a hit like that
Run game is doodoo
Wow Connor looks slow
Connor isn’t doing much thus far. I think maybe Ben needs to throw to loosen up the Giants Defense
Was that a limp on ben? Please God no
I feel like Ben hates all the motion lol. He's dying to just call his own plays
He threw that into some heavy coverage
offense almost looks worst than last year
I regret taking conner in fantasy. He sucks
I'm hoping they get Benny Snell into the mix a little bit more here
Holy shit that pass was intense.
Yes!! Excellent catch
YES!!!!!
CLAYPOOL
Claypool baby!!!
MP had some bad snaps last year. Hopefully this one was just a fluke.
This offense is putrid. Hope we pick it up soon
He pushed off.
Woooooooww
Good shit
Pouncey and low snaps
Canadian Megatron!!
What a sexy catch
There we go!!!! Long bomb to Claypool!!!! What a catch
CLAYPOOL LETS GOOO
Antonio Brown like on the sideline by Claypool there
CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL
CLAYPOOL LET'S GOOOO
Claypool is a freak holy shit
Nice catch
I bet Snell wins the starting job over Connor before mid-season.
Holy fuck chase
Dat toe tap!
Holy phuck he caught that
Claypool with that catch though
Omfg the Canadian is making me believe....
What a fucking boss
What a fucking catch
Nice gains by Benny
Snell looking good
Steelers and drafting receivers. Name a better duo
Bennieeee
Snell yeah baby
Ben is clicking now
"CLAYPOOL

STARTING STRONG"
atta catch conner
"Let's fucking go claypool, what a grab"
Set up your fucking blocks
Crisp catch by Connor. Looks like he's been working on his catching.
Ben that was an easy first down
Let's go Boswell!
There’s zero receivers open wtf
BOSGOD
Wizard of Bos!
Praise be
Big Al is getting fucking worked every play. Stop calling run plays to that fucks side.
So give it to Connor every play?
"Villanueva, big oof"
"Snell made a good run but still had to break tackles in the backfield. Like come on, Connor can’t go anywhere when 2 defenders are in the backfield every run"
A friend of mine said he just saw Bill Cowher house shopping in Pittsburgh
So vascular
LBs looking speedy
"The radio crew changed.  I don't have ESPN and I'm working so all I have is Tunch and Wolfey but no Hillgrove? The heck

Hillgrove was suspended lmao"
That block shedding
Wish we could see some Derek Watt. Rosie always did great blocking and I’m hoping Watt can help since our line keeps getting worked over
"Giants spreading the field almost every play to neutralize our pressures.  Let's go, Butler let's see you counter with something clever."
"I feel like this Kardia Mobile ad would work a lot better to sell me on it if a few of the people who tried it out had serious heart conditions they weren't aware of and they save their life right there on the spot. 

Still wouldn't get it but just think for $99 you could find out your heart is fucked cause you eat like shit and never do anything except walk to your car."
"For anyone calling for McFarland, he’s inactive tonight iirc"
Tyson Alualualualualualu
Saquon ain’t feeling so great rn
Lol on a 3rd and 12.
"Bud looks so fucking good.


Fuck me, dude..."
tyson alaluuuuuuuuuuu
wait what
Robbed
"Lmao, of course."
Fuck
What the fuck was that
FUCK
Fuck
Well fuck
Fucking A
Ugh
Jesus Christ
:[
I’m just tuning in how does Ben look
Jeeeesus christ
What the fuck was that?
Nelson has looked sooo explosive so far I hope he recovers from that hard bite on Slaytons TD
When’s the last time we’ve won week 1?
Looked like Haden had deep half responsibility and didn’t get back in time
I thought we were playing the Giants? Wtf. Time to wake up. The season started.
Where is the cheering coming from?
what is going on JC :(
Can we get the ball to anyone else???
Fuckin a catch the ball
Man take Conner out. Can't catch shit
SUCH A GOOD RUN YES YES GOOD JOB
Stop already
Lets waste more downs on Connor plays
I *cannot* believe people want Conner.
Lmao this offense is a fucking joke
This is horrible
Stop trying to make James Conner happen. It's not going to happen.
Offensive playcalling is trash
Can’t say I’m fucking surprised
Connor is being way overused. He's not a feature back. Literally everybody knows this other than Fichtner.
CONNER IS SO FUCKING BAD
"Don’t wait for the offseason, cut Conner at halftime."
Terrible play calling.
Get Conner off the fucking field.
Conner is really awful. Well below average RB.
Sigh
Ofcourse James Glass Conner is dealing with an injury
"Ok, best WR group we've had since MB, and we dump off to a running back who can't catch. DOPE."
Snell atleast got some yards... bench conner
"Of course the in studio retired ref doesn't think that warranted a call on Haden. Let the teams decide the game ref, ffs."
Lmao Conner just getting absolutely swallowed up. What the fuck.
Why why why why why do they keep riding conner who’s clearly been ineffective today
Dude Conner has to be 90% of the offense tonight and he’s not doing shit
STOP. GIVING. THE. BALL. TO. NUMBER. 30.
Keep giving it to Conner. Its working so well.
Get Conner out of there.
Well the o line sucks
Elite offense game plan
RUN RUN PASS PUNT YEEE
So I see a year has passed an our offense still sucks doesn’t matter who’s at QB
Team is playing like ass.
Absolutely pathetic
They have had great field position every time
I hate Randy Fichtner
Yo what’s up with ben?
do we really need WRs with this playcalling?
What the fuck are these plays?
This play calling is horrid
Feels like I’m watching last years team no joke
I take it back I’ll deal with all the cancer talk if James Connor can just not get injured
Fire randy
"Oops, back to the not so special teams.  Steelers need to shake off the typical early season jitters sooner than later this year."
"Ben’s not accurate today, but let’s give him a shot to warm up a bit. I trust him to turn it around."
Wtf are these calls?
Our best bet to score a TD right now is a defensive one.
Does Randy know it’s not Duck and Mason anymore? What the fuck are these play calls?
IF YOU DONT LIKE THAT YOU DONT LIKE STEELER FOOTBALL
I just want an offensive series where Ben calls his own plays.  I think the O would benefit from it.
LETS GOOO
Whole team playing like trash right now
PURE WATTAGE!!!!!
Okay. Don't tackle or anything...
"Conner already has his ankle taped and this man hasn’t done anything 🤔
Is he just made of glass?"
TJ WATTTY
"TJ!

Gotta do something with this"
thank god
TJ WATT
Watt!!!
The savior
TJ!!!
TJ WATTTT BABY
Best Watt
Needed that!!!
I love TJ
Momentum shift lets get it
YEA BOI
Let's go watt you fucking beautiful beast
LFG TURN DOWN FOR WATT
TJ!!!
WATT!
Bortles is still available. At least he’s funny.
TJ Watt is the sexiest man alive
TJ FUCKING WATT
FUCK YES TJ WATT MOTHER FUCKING HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU WOOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck yeah TJ!
TJ!!!!!
DPOY
TURN DOWN FOR WATT!
Tj single handedly gonna win this game
DaNnY DiMeS iS sO GooD
Nice pick
TJ WATT
Finally. A running back.
TJ Watt new tight end
OK TJ
God fucking bless tj watt
Can TJ just play quarterback too
WATT SZN BITCHES
MOTHERFUCKING DAD!!!!!!!!!! YEEEEEEESSSSS
KEEP GIVING THE BALL TO BENNY
TJ WATTTTT
Claypool time.
Leave Snell in for fucks sake
Keep Snell in pls
There's the real Giants.
tj watt
SEE THAT MAN? I LOVE THAT MAN
Snell gonna be rb1
"I said it last season and I'll say it this year:

If this D was paired with the 2017 offense.... We would never lose."
Watt interceptions make me erect
Juju with a better block than any of our linemen tonight right there
Love to see that from TJ. we know he can pressure but when he’s emulating his brother it’s glorious
1.21 TJ WATTS!!
LFG TJ
TJ Watt. That's all that needs to be said.
"Man, what a great play by TJ!"
BUILD ON MOMENTUM
Watt MVP
oh boy! another run! i wonder what the next play will be?
LIL SWATTY GETS A HOLD OF ONE ATTABABY
Snell is looking much better this year
Snell and mcfarland is the future
Snell needs to be the go to back already
Stupid Garrett was doing well by going spread then decides to go 3 TE - instant pick.
Sigh
What the fuck Ben!!
Here comes the deep ball
you old dumbass
Absolute joke for Tomlin not to call a timeout there.
I am curious about Mcfarland
Hopefully a good run by Snell keeps him in the game.
What’s happening
These refs suck
Ol looks bad
There’s that man!
He didn't drop it fuck yeah
You need angry North and South running when your O line is playing like crap. This is a Benny Snell run game now.
There's Ebron!!!
Hey. Ebron.
Ben doesn't want to be fed. Ben wants to hunt. 3rd and 1 is too easy
yes sir!!!!
EBRON HAS ARRIVED
YESSIR
My annual rage of steeler penalties lol now it’s football season.  Good throw to make up for it.
Can't sleep Ben. Nice one Ebron.
Ebron has arrived!
ERIC FUCKING EBRON!
Let's go Ebron
Yeah play action doesn’t work when you can’t run the ball
"I’m okay with that play, I’d rather him throw that out"
"Enron big boi, peepers smol boi"
DJ was wide open
Get that fucking first down maaane
Not digging sidearm Ben
Yeah!!!!
Coaches aren't trying to win the game in one quarter. It takes time to see what works and make adjustments.  Looks like Pitt is making the adjustments up front.
Looked like such an overthrow for a second
JUJUUUUU
Diontae just stood there
LetsfuckinGOOOOO
JUJU!!!!!!
Vance Macdonald or Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer?
JUJU ON THE BEAT
Juju sighting
JUJU
WE LOVE YOU JUJU
Great fucking play
There. We. Go.
IM FULLY ERECT!!!!
Fuck me daddy
Bruh
oh boswell....
Lol Boswell. Good shit tho JuJu
JUJU BABY!!!
Lmao Boz
Juju 😎
Really Boz
JuJu!!
Fuck bos
STEELERS ARE BACK AFTER THAT KICK!!
Juju out here not doing it for the hoes but for boujee 😭👌
Still losing
Lol even a high school DC would know not to run an 8 man blitz on Ben fucking Roethlisberger
Let's go! Beat the Giants!
Rather him miss early than later
Where are all you fuckers calling Ben done at? Better start apologizing.
Ngl Boz Thats not good
JUJU BABY
Laces out
wait what did  he miss?
Man even Bos is rusty.
"Yes Juju!!!! Never doubted that kid, not once!!!"
For fucks sake
Good God I've missed that mam
Boz demigod :(
Everyone with PIT -6 just groaned
Jesus the self inflicted wounds are killing us
"Sick, Boz"
Fuck our special teams.
Snell with the great blitz pick up
"I see our special teams is still ""special"""
That was a great throw. I'm so happy ben is back :')
Welp he picked the correct one to miss so far
Good. Now let’s do it without a shortened field. TJ won’t be able to deliver great field position every drive this season.
"Why do I fool myself into thinking I enjoy being a Steelers fan? Just being dramatic, but for real I hope we get it together a bit"
Hell no Giants. We're not losing to the Giants. We just need to knock a little bit of the rust off.
Special teams gotta tighten up
Class of 2017 (not you Connor) showing out so far but what’s new.
if i have to see that damn pa lottery groundhog one more time i am gonna shot it and then myself
Snell running hard & picking up blitzes. Keep him out there.
"So, I prefer hard shell tacos over soft shell. However, after one bite, everything falls out of a hard shell so bad. So I went with a soft shell tonight, an d I hope you all understand.

Thank you."
Did y’all catch that? Boz the only kicker to not miss a PAT all last season missed his first this year smh
They keep trying to run lmfao
Dupree killing it
Bud trying to get another franchise tag week one
Our run defense is crazy good
The ESPN watch app sucks donkey balls. It keeps refreshing.
[deleted]
"Saquon is getting absolutely stuffed

Edit: oops"
Any chance we can keep Bud?
Bud got infinitely better after we paired him with TJ
Our d line is the opposite of our o line
Wherever Bud goes he's gonna get PAID.
Utterly pathetic
THE FUCK WAS THAT HALF ASSED SIDELINE BLOCK
BUD COMING FOR THE CASH
Yeah he’s fucking good. Back at it
Embarrassing
We can never just come out an blow a team away. Always gotta be some bullshit. Its really getting old.
OPI!
I’m not worried this D is GOATED
"Seemed a bit soft to me, but so was the one on us."
Weak calls for both teams
DOWN!!!!
3rd and 27
BINCE!
Intentional grounding?
Why is Conner hurt? I didn’t see what happened
So many screens
D IS ENERGIZED
Ouchh
VINCE WILLIAMS
🅱️Ince!
Well we know the Defense never lost a step from last season
Fuckin teleported back there!
SIT DOWNNNN
Holy shit Vince is having a game.
I wanna see some bombs thrown. Put these receivers to work.
"I think if they run another screen again even with the same blitz. We will wreck it, tackle the qb and tackle the guy he's taking to. With 8 dudes back there ez pz"
You stooge!
Bad from Banner there
Ben... you okay my dude?
Not much pocket protection yikes
Banner is an awful tackle
No call for grabbing the neck?
"Eh, his first read had a slow release and by then he was dancing to avoid the sack."
"These play calls man, wtf."
Time for a turnover.
Giants start at midfield
Punt return coverage is not looking too hot
Bet that's just a chemistry miss there. Ben wasn't expecting Ebron to get so shallow so quick.
Hell yeah Colquitt.
I'm ok with AV walking this upcoming off-season
"That thing they do when they run the ball back after the punt return, is that allowed?"
D just needs to keep us in this until the O shakes off this rust.
Ben might need to take snaps out of the pony to quicken his clock
Why didnt we re-sign finney again
We are in the back field every play
Neither team can run
Ilkin sounds terrible. The broadcasters are also out of synch and Tunch is sounding slow.
"Sans some of the secondary miscues, D is looking pretty good"
Barkley gonna get himself killed if he keeps leaping.
Bush ain't having none of that hurdle bullshit.
Geez turn down the fake crowd noise on the 2 yard gains
I feel like they’re going to bait Saquon into a hurdle he’s going to regret immediately.
"That o line got scared by Hilton getting ready to blitz earlier, not a surprise they false started again"
He has to keep his arm cooking?
Tackle was made with 1:51 on the clock & they don't call a timeout until 1:42?
Missy just said Ben is going back in
"Keep trying to hurdle us, Saquon, I promise it's not going to work out for you"
Damn 6 tackles already for Devin Bush. He'll be in the lineup the next 13 or so years
What the fuck are we doing?!
These play calls...
Diontae TD incoming boys
Are we really running sweeps under 2 min
End around are the worst plays ever
Bens suit looks 2004
More Washington
JWASH
"More Claypool, less Conner."
Tbh maybe Ben needs to throw a classic boneheaded INT so he can get over it and crank the offense into desperation mode lol
Washington got away with a small push off there
Haha schuster-smith
"Dionte is not having a strong first half, yikes"
DJ not having a good night so far
Diontae having a tough time tonight
Juju and the defense carrying the team
Johnson isn’t having a great game. I’m really high on him and hope it’s just jitters.
Does randy know he could call those plays outside of the hurry up?
Juju eating so far gotta love it
That was unnecessary when he was already going down.
Sum rumbling stumbling bumbling running
Good to see that JuJu is JuJu again
That's my quarterback 😍
You’re telling me Brady doesn’t get a flag for getting hit with that slide?
When was mike vick added back to this team???
WASHINGTON NEVER QUIT!  KEEP.  PUSHING!
Ben out there showing up Lamar
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is dispelling pretty much any of the concerns I might have had about Ben.
🍻 bois
James with some serious fight for that TD!!! You love to see it!!!!
HERE WE GO!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO!!!!!
Let’s go James
Yes James Washington! No stopping him
Washington to Barkley: I can jump too.
Oh that second effort was great
Ok we're starting to slowly get our shit together
WASHINGTON I KNEW IT
Woo!
These are the Steelers I was hoping for
damn James 😎
[deleted]
That was apathetic goal line tackling if I've ever seen it
HE HELD ON TO THAT BALL LIKE HE WAS ANGRY
CARRY THAT BALL LETS GOOO
Washington beating it!
Lol that safety
Yes or No: Ben comes out with a knee brace on?
That boi strong!!
LFG!
Is games being streamed free in the nfl app going to be a regular thing this season or is it just a week one thing. And can someone PM me a link to a free streaming service lol
Ben is shaking his hand just like when he tore one of those tendons.
"We get the ball to start the 2nd half, right?"
considering how slow ben usually starts the fact that he hasn’t made too many mistakes is nice
Snell is looking pretty good
Look at Benny go!
MAKE SNELL THE STARTER
Finally there’s a hole
"WTB 1 playaction now, long pass to Claypool again please"
Snell> Barkley
"Snell, Bell, Denzel... Steelers winning the Super Bowl"
Is conner out?
So Conner is a bit injures or Benny snell just getting the snaps
Nice play by bradberry
Connor is injured for everyone asking
This is what I think is different between the Steelers and the Patriots.  The Pats like to grind the ball down the field.  Just get first downs.  The Steelers will take so many high-risk plays on third down that they kill so many drives.
Dammit
How do you let him leak thru
Damn :/
Slayton is playing so well
Just can't defend a god damn pass on 3rd down.
Conner benched I guess
Once we start getting pressure we can’t fucking cover
How is Jones making these passes?
Edmunds is the only bad thing about this defense
We need to play man to man
How the heck was that not holding?!?!
Edmunds sure ain't his brother...
Is it me or does this game recording have a yellowish tin to it what they recording with?
oh lawdy save us
Head shake
Can someone let the defense know that haltime is over
How was SB that open
Claypools catch was huge because I kept expecting a lot of ohhhhhhh awwwwww but nothing cuz no crowd and it was like nothing happened lol. Still wierd without fans/
How the fuck was he that open
God he’s just wide open
When did Jones get so good he keeps making plays despite being swarmed. Just made another big throw to saquan.
STOP BLITZING HILTON!!
"3 plays in a row one of our D-Line is on the ground. Split seconds away from a sack.

Can they respond though"
This is so dumb lol
It’s only a matter of time before Jones gets wrecked again.
Why is our 3rd down Defense so much worse than the rest of the downs
dude this is fucking pathetic
Our defense is making Daniel Jones look like Brady
What is this coverage...?
Lets get a stop here
Why are we not covering check downs? This pussy is afraid to throw it downfield make him do it
"Barkley, 12 carries for -2 yards... Crazy good."
Always a wide open player at the sticks.
Let’s give them ten yards of cushion!!!!!!
Butler needs to change it up. Jones is killing our D on the sides.
Why is no one near the line of scrimmage!
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
CAMM
YESSSSSSS
Fucking LOL big Cam!!!!!
LET'S F*CKING GO!!!
Lol
What a shit show of a drive. They adjusted to the blitz and we’ve not adjusted back.
LETS GO BIG BOY
Yessirrrrr
Lolol lehhhh goooo CAM
Hell YES!!
HEYWARD MY BOIIIIIII LMAOOO WTF
Lmao cam
Fuck marked on the 1/2 yard line wish it was a TB but it’s better than the giants scoring!!
Making him a hall of Famer tonight I see
Heyward there to save the drive!!! LETS GO
Big man with the ball!
Ok off topic but the progressive commercials are kinda funny
I was literally typing great defense doesn’t allow 18 play drives lol
DAMN DANIEL
Thank the lord
AHHHHHH INT
Lol
MOTHER OF GOD
MUH DOOD!!!!
Oh thank goodness
HEART AND WANT!!
"Thank god for Tuitt and Bud!

I would just like a word with Butler about why he brought back the Prevent Defense? I was happy it went the way of the Dodo bird."
I want to bitch slap Adam Shefter.
We were at the 20? I’ll take it
I cannot deal. Please let me know how we’re doing?
That drive was giving me anxiety.... good thing Heyward is my therapist
"That's great they got the INT, but they need to figure this shit out. The Steelers aren't moving the ball well enough on offense to give up these long drives like that."
"Edmunds is just another Barron but can't lay down the boom.

There you have it"
Wouldn’t be upset at all if we paid Bud
Damn it
thank god
19 plays. 4 3rd down conversions. A 4th down conversion. All to end in a goalline pick. Holy shit.
Dear god we have no RB's
SWEET CHRIST
We gotta pay bud
LMFAO. typical stuff
I was *just* about to say how much I like Snell....
Alright guys don’t attack Snell here. He’s in his 2nd year and mistakes happen. Thankful for Juju
WE GOTTA PAY JUJU TOO
Nice hustle by Ju Ju Smith Schuester
I love ya Benny... but hang on to that shit...
Good job Juju
TWO HANDS ON THE BALL
You got lucky on that one Snell.. Way to pounce on it JuJu
THANK FUCKING GOD!
Thank God for Juju!
Juju Crunches!
"Sonuvabitch not this again...

Edit: THANK YOU JUJU"
More of those slants
Does juju get points for a fumble recovery?
Good job juju being johnny on the ball.
Juju
Look for Claypool!
Johnson is in his head
Oh baby we movin!
I lost a ball once.  Sniper back in 'Nam.
"Okay, Diontae. More of that"
Johnson made up for the miscue
That wasn't Johnson's fault Ben threw it to him without his head turned
I came in late because of work.  Is Conner out?
There you go DJ
Nice place Johnson.
That’s how you bounce back!
"Miscommunication with Johnson, showing that lack of history between them."
Feel like johnson looks confused after most plays lmao
Y'ALL LEAVE DIONTAE ALONE
"Throw that the fuck away Ben, sacked a mile out of field goal range"
WHERES THE HOLDING
When did Al become a teddy bear?
Johnson redeeming himself straight away.
Ben has so much time to at least throw it away
Big al
Ben come on son.
Beautiful route
Fuck....
Here comes the FG 3 playcall
Wtf was that Ben
We gotta get one more stop and score and it's all good
So did Conner get hurt or did he get benched?
There are not enough substances I can take to help my anxiety if they keep playing this way the rest of the season
kick out of bounds???? come on man
Boz..........Da fuk
How hard is it to kick the ball straight down the fucking field
I think the coaching staff is seeing who deserves to be demoted Johnson or Washington before giving Claypool more snaps
"Jesus fuck, Giants' linemen end up blocking Barkley instead of blocking for him"
Hilton
There was never a day I lost my faith is boz. But damn dude what the hell lol
Steelers football at its finest. Ya never know what ya gonna get!!
Boswell bought out by the defense. Imagine that!
If we get a touchdown I think it might be over but only if our D locks them down again
Put em to bed
Here comes Run Run Pass Randy
Time for the classic steelers roulette. Do we put the game away or do nothing and give the giants life?
How many times is the Olineman going to run into the RB?
Lol. Conner.  There wasn't another prediction that was a sure thing leading into this season.
"Freaking Connor... I feel bad for the guy...that sucks. OK Benny, get ‘Em!"
That throwing motion look really weird
"Which side of the Oline is worse, left or right?"
"I feel like ""Conner getting injured"" space on the bingo card is that free space in the middle of the card."
"Claypool is great, but JK definitely would have been a nice pick ngl"
We're making a killing in the Johnson market.
Are the announcers coming in static for you guys? They’re cutting in and out for me
This team. It looks good.
Conner is done..it's Snell SZN
I like when the commentator said Snell plays a little angry.
I've had Conner as a late round keeper for a couple years. This year I drafted Snell in the last round for this exact reason.
Lol Belichick would never allow for them to rotate players that poorly
Haha the mics must have picked up a swear
I like we are using misdirection on these motions but we keep running in the direction the receiver motions which is weird
Is this a 10 minute drive?
I think i’m in love
DAAAAAMMMMMMNNNN. I haven't seen a throw like that in a while!
JUUJUUUUU
JuJu!
Still dropping dimes
You think they’ll go for 2 here for a chance to make it a 3-score game?
Shushu mifuture!
Maybe they shouldn't have ran off 10 minutes just to throw a pick lol.
I think I can breathe again
with every good play there is always a negative
Damn :((
Ugggh
Yoooooo defense. Where the fuck did you go?!
Ok please don’t make me nervous now
No....
Nelson you twit
We’re just giving them 4 yards for free every play
I thought they were letting in 16k fans for this game?  guess not?
Nope
Whomp whomp jump ball.
ggs
Good shit juju
I want the 4th and 15 replacement for the onside kick.
"Wait hold up, Tuitt is hurt??"
Tj watt did good there
Is that Dotson ar right guard?
Alright!! Good start to the season
Good start.  Hope we make the rest of the season without any major injuries.  I wanna be watching black and gold on TV in January.
"My issue isnt that Diontae made a mistake, it's how much of a punk he becomes when people are trying to criticize him. Just shut the fuck up, and realize that people want to make you better. 

That's what pisses me off."
I will give the juiciest handjob to the next punter we sign that isn't ass
bUt eDmouNdS tAcKleS gOod
Good one refs
PI this week is absolute bullshit
I fucking cut my big toenail and shit fucking hurts bad
"am i seeing things,or are Bens passes kinda.... soft? floaty? they dont seem to have much velocity."
"Every game every season this team comes out and looks like shit.

I dunno why it just does. Is it the players? Coaches? Coaching decisions? It really baffles my mind."
"I've said it before and I'll say it again...

Edmunds is not a started in any team, let alone ours

This sunk cost fallacy needs to stop"
"HE'S NOT GOOD, HE JUST CAN'T PLAY IT'S OVER YOU DRAFTED A FOURTH ROUNDER IN THE FIRST TAKE YOUR L AND MOVE ON FFS"
This is beyond frustrating. We're going to get torched by a real offense. Give me a break.
"This is 100% defensive play calls being trash completely relying on the players talent to bail us out

Thanks cam"
Who sneezed on Connor this time.......
Can we stop acting like this game was already over.
Missing Switzer?
Donate Johnson what a guy
An age old tradition of playing down to shitty opponents
Bring back Switzer dammit.
"Diontae needs to learn when he fucks up to shut his ass up and take the criticism instead of just walking away.

Getting sick of his attitude fr"
Switzer is an ass receiver but I'll concede he would have made that catch
God bless this defense
That was a fumble lol
"Ben has 0 TDs so far, obviously he's washed up and the season is over /s"
Randy gonna randy
Pick six incoming
Remember when we all hated Todd for being a bad play caller? .....yeah
"Only 10 minutes before seeing a ""fire Tomlin"" 😟"
I am showing up to the thread a few minutes late and I was wondering if you guys turned on the team yet. I have to say... I'm proud of you guys. Not as negative as I expected.
Ben smiling when he was on the ground :D
Oh my word Claypool
FIRST CATCH FOR MAPLETRON
Benny snell is better than Conner
"Claypool came through big there. That was an awful throw. Your WR shouldn’t have to wait for the ball. But Claypool made that happen,"
Conner is no bueno
Why r they forcing this wildcat thing
I don't trust Conner's ball security
stop shitting on james conner he can’t run if we only call off tackle plays and get our o-line eaten up every time
Conner looks like he’s running at half speed.
Edmunds is going to turn into Artie. He is going to progressively just slowly get worse and worse until he costs is dearly.
Fade me
Nelson is getting smoked tonight.
I'm just here to see Yinzers overreact
Great throw. Still not going to be enough to beat us.
Get Conner off the fucking field
Imagine being Mike Tomlin and not having the IQ to bench Conner
Don't blame that missed catch on Ben. That was all on Connor.
Big Ben lookin like trash
JUJU!
Boz... I thought we fixed everything last year?
LMAO HOW BOSWELL
I bet I could drop kick Boswell through the uprights.
Wake the fuck up Boz.
"Boz, why? Cmon man"
"*opens game thread hoping it will be less toxic this yr*

Nope... still trash"
Something something Switz.
Gotta hit that pass to be super owl contenders.
I was already having a shitty day. This doesn’t help
Radio just said Ben's arm is in an air cast and Mason is warming up
I apologize if I'm ranting but I'm tired of seeing Villenueva get pushed 5-10 yards deep in the backfield every play
Bell is out for hamstring multiple weeks. Can’t help but shake my head at that train wreck
Man Id be fine if we just cut Conner if it saved us money some how or traded him to some team that wants him. Snell is doing a way better job and we already know what Samuels can do.
"Dang, Bradberry came up clutch for the Giants there"
Stop running it so much
Our defense is looking really good.  Big Ben playing his first game in two seasons isn’t looking too bad either
This defense does too much for the offense to do nothing.
I hate edmunds so much.
Where is Watt? Where is Heyward? Ghosts out there when Jones drops back to pass
This is a fucking joke. They’ve converted on 3rd down like 3 times and 4th down once just on this drive.
JFC DONT SCARE ME LIKE THAT
"OK...what’s the deal with Claypool? Is he injured? Did he do something wrong that we aren’t privy to? All I know is that he made that excellent catch and hasn’t seen the field since(that I noticed).

EDIT: never mind..."
Announcers are sooo ass tonight lmao
"Good win tonight but can’t get cocky. It’s just the Giants. We have more soft teams than not on the schedule and the extra wild card spot will certainly help. But we’re still a division with Baltimore, one of the favorites to win the conference. And the road through the playoffs will still go through KC. Good win tonight but don’t get cocky. It’s an uphill battle. Just keep your heads clear and keep moving forward."
This prevent D is gonna be the reason the game looks closer than it was.
"Kirk didn’t watch last year at all lol, Vince wasn’t on the field most of the time"
Hopefully James Conner comes ready to play this week in practice and is his old self next week. He was really off today
I fucking loathe Chris Berman. He exudes 70s sleaze from every pore.
Gonna get beat by Daniel freakin Jones
Those of you calling for Switzer are fucking nuts.
"You keep trying to make Conner happen.

It's not gonna happen."
Bullshit call
So we got a vet punter who can't punt that far?
"Let’s be realistic. How much has Connor actually benefitted this team? He’s out so many games, and when he does come back in, he either lands a few nice plays, or is back on the bench with injuries. I personally feel the Steelers could do better."
Sad to say but this D is gonna have a rough time with the mobile qb's they face this year.
Guys you seem to forget the Stillers play down to their opponents and lose frequently to bad teams. Big Ben or not
Giants scored. Season is over. Terrible
Incoming idiotic hot takes about the Steelers holding a sign against racism
One fucking job Johnson!!
Just read somewhere that the Steelers are on a 24 game turnover streak. Jeeze
Hey at least Conner isn’t hurt....
well that punt looked about as garbage as our offense
Run run pass. Who woulda guessed that
"Two types of people on this sub:

Type 1 - That was the best first drive ever! So much to be optimistic about in those two runs for no gains and that fumble! 

Type 2 - OMG! THE SEASON IS OVER! WE SHOULD’VE FORCED ROETHLISBERGER TO RETIRE!!!"
"Anybody blaming Fichtner is blind. They got Ben in a manageable 3rd down, had Claypool open for a first down; and Ben blew it"
Conner stinks
"Conner not making anyone miss or fall forward.

Rough start"
Okay so that’s a couple drives in the books. What’s the general consensus on Ben?
Are you fucking serious
That crowd noise sounds fake
[deleted]
"Shit, I thought we were gonna be good this year. That PI call was straight ass though."
Conner looks like dog shit
"Not on Nelson or Minkah. Nelson had to defend a post with outside leverage, and was expecting safety help. Minkah took the cross on a jump call which he is supposed to do in Cover 3. Haden has to come off the cross and take Center field in minkahs place but couldnt get back quick enough"
James Connor has to go he’s terrible
Ben looks horrible
Y'all talked so much shit about me saying Conner is made of glass. Where y'all at now? Dude ain't it
Everyone here pissed at Conner but this offensive looked horrible at run and pass block.
"I just laughed because a comment itt is ""hello enron!"""
Boz you’re killing me man...
Lol now fg miss. As long as we have more drives like that we're fine I guess
And of course Boz misses. Always something with this team lol
Things going well so far on offense more or less and I know he's nervous but Ben's demeanor is pretty lame man. YOU'RE ALREADY PLAYING WAY BETTER THAN ANYTHING WE'VE SEEN LAST YEAR. Just calm down and youll be fine you big baby.
Boz is broken again
He pushed off less than claypool tbh
"The celebrations are getting a bit Bengals-esque. Act like you’ve been there before, boys. Don’t have to do a dance after every tackle."
Are you guys even gonna be surprised if we lose this game
Banner ain’t looking too hot out there
If Ben is hurt again we have to sign some street scrub
Lamar who?
"we often talk about what good lines do for running backs, but not what good backs do for lines. food for thought"
Conner has to find his own ride home
That was a great play by Bradbury
Is our coverage bad now?
"Keith, everything has been underneath.  Come on.  Even I can see it and I'm an idiot."
Hold up are we at the 1 or 20??
"Play calling on both sides is trash and expecting to get bailed out by audibles at the line and talent. Just like last year. And the year before. 

Imagine what this team could do with competent coordinators"
This O line gets worse every year
Man I really thought we were gonna come in and have an easy game to start off the season.... never change lers
This feels better than the mason and duck offenses. But I’m still a bit underwhelmed at the score right now
"Hey guys, did you know James Connor survived cancer?"
another first down run for nothing hehehe
But Switzer sucks
Good thing we cut switz
Diontae better ball the fuck out here and make up for his bullshit.
anyone miss switzer lmao
You crybabies cried for mason Rudolph last year. How did that work out?
"Those shitting on Conner... I guess yall think Saquon is ass too, huh?"
[deleted]
Bigger name received gets DPI there.
These guys sucking off Jones too muchh
Time to look elsewhere. Connor ain't it.
Who’s this highsmith?
Y'all wanted Switz out lmaooo
Snell is better than Connor. Change my mind.
Edmunds is fucken trash...
"Bro, straight up, Connor is playing like he swants to go and coach high school football in Iowa and Ben looks like that cadaver ligament came from Ryan Leaf.

Please don’t tell me this is a “rebuild” year."
You James Conner Apologists are really losing ammunition for your constant coddling of him. The guy can't stay healthy. And he's honestly not that good. Deal with it.
Let’s go boys and girls. I missed y’all
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FUCKING HOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Is the streamspike guy or whatever from last year streaming games again?
"LETS FUCKING GO ITS PANDEMIC STEELER FOOTBALL, FUCK THE GIANTS"
How can Booger butcher Polamalu so badly
Why are they only showing the giants
I’m predicted 2 sacks from TJ Watt tonight!
Does anyone have a link for the NFL stream site that used to be in the NFL stream sub
AHHHHHHH YES LETS GO
Let’s Go!!!!
Anyone see any birds outside yet?
Ben looks ready!!
This is real life??????
Another season begins. Cheering you on from the UK
BIG BEN IS BAACKKK
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Let’s goooo!!!
It’s finally here boys
WHERE IS THE INTRO
Let’s go boy!!
Glad to be here. Let's go Steelers!
Lay some wood!!!
Andddd Here. We. Go....finally
Hmmmmm
Nice
They’re keeping us in base with their hurry up. Smart
Lmao did these idiots just fake themselves out of field goal range
They should of just went for it tbh
Jesus fuck
Wow
I love it
jesus
Wow.
FUCK
FUCK
Stream?
Oh fuck come on
Of course
GODDAMNIT
Wtf
Bro...
Gotta be kidding me.
joking
Way to go shithead
Not optimal
Wasn't that Giant touching the end zone when collected it?
Bruuuuuuuu
Already
We’ll be lucky to hold them to a FG here
Who started with the ball? I missed it
FUCK!!!!
We don’t deserve this defense
Shit I’m late who started with the ball?
Great D.
"But you couldn't have advanced the fumble. It would've been at the one, right?"
could've been a missed opportunity for gmen to challenge that
Crowd showed up
Wow wtf.
Horrible
Ohhhhh boy
Horrible pass block by Connor there
"well, that wasn't great"
Not an ideal start
Need easy throws to get Ben rhythm; not short runs
Nice punt Berry..... oh wait.
I bet 50 bucks on you guys to win so I hope you don’t play like shit and lose to the fucking Giants.
"pathetic start, what am I looking at"
So their D line can get to Ben but we can’t get to Jones
Minkah would have caught that
Watt in coverage.... what. the. fuck.
"Should have never cut Berryman 2 years ago, horrible."
BEAUTIFUL
BUD
Defense is FAST
BUD DUPREEEE
"God damnit, I love Bud...

It's going to hurt like a motherfucker when he leaves"
"Oh God damn, good shit Dupree!"
Daniel Jones is looking pretty good.
Dude get DJ off punts
YESSIRRRR
WOOOHOOO!  We caught a ball!   It's all downhill from here.
THROW THE BALL RAAAAAANNNNNNDDDDYYYYYYY
You know the defense is still pissed about letting 3. Offense desperately needs to give them some rest.
I just love our D
Our defense picking up right where they left off.
Someone needs to lay into Diontae and if he can't take the criticism bench his ass imo.
Pls no run run pass
Run run pass here we go
WTF. Does Ben have CONNER IN fantasy?
Hey randy I suggest you call a play that will get more than 3 yards
I forgot how frustrating this team is to start the season
"I swear to fuck I can predict our offensive play calls.

Years of predictability."
AY
Let’s give Benny some touches
HEY GUYS WE HAVE A COMPLETION!!!
Anddddddd Ben is limping hahahHhaaha
Juju looking crisp
Ok..juju 1st down...
Ben already limping
Ben looks frustrated like he wants to let loose.
"There we go Ben, effortless!!"
Thank you juju
can we abandon the run game please
Madden is gonna be pissed
JUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Our run game is 💩
Juju!!!
Nice to see we’re still essentially throwing away every 1st down
Where’s Ducky?
c’mon guys
Dangerous pass.
You don’t have to run it every first down ffs
Yikes this is extremely sloppy
Johnson is playing. Volleyball out there!
Ok. So the D need to score a few TDs... Not so bad
His back made him slow
can something go right? or
Why is Ben hobbling. I dont like that
Do you guys actually think Conner is bad or are you all overreacting? Lmao
Guys it's been 10 minutes of the 1st period of our season. Its gonna look like shit a bit
Please stop running everything through Conner
Need to get something on first downs
Maple!! 🍁🍁
Those catches tho
MAPLETRON!!!
Weak hands by johnson
For all the hype Johnson has made me flinch every time he's touched the ball.
Let's try a playaction on 1st down because these first down runs haven't done much
Nice toe tap there.
To the powers that be... we need a chat room without having to joins discord...just saying...
GREAT CATCH
Run blocking is god awful
drive baby drive
AND THAT’S ANOTHER PITTSBURGH STEELERS.....
Ben is finding his groove....
Snell future HOFer
BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL
Good run by Snell.
"Yeah, keep moving those chains"
There you go Conner.
Starting to get some momentum
the rush is brushing off
Never run the ball
"Did well to hold on to that, expected at this level but still"
Where’s Ebron?
FUCKING RUN!!!
Who needs receivers!
Praise B.
BOZ!!!
BIG BOY BOZ
Yikes
I'll take it
BOZGOD LIVES!
Come on ben
Coverage real good or receiving core not so much
"Better drive, points on the board, momentum is growing"
Take a shot every time the Steelers come out in shotgun on first down - meet you guys in the ER.
THE CLAPPER
This run defense is immaculate
Alualuuuuuuy
Holy shit Vince fucking stuck that TE
Alualu is always solid. Doesn't blaze the field on fire but you know what you get.
"Can't watch the game tonight, anyone can tell me how are things so far? We doing good?"
This d line is like a curtain of some kind
Shady call?
Nelson I fucking love you. So god damn underrated and a fucking beast in the secondary. Rarely hear his name and it's for good reason.
Horseshit
awesome
Cmon
That’s run stuffing is nuts
Niiiiiiice
fuck we got torched
Daniel Jones looks like less cool Bruce Campbell
anybody have a link to stream?
This is not great.  Not great at all.
So why is Ray-Ray the kickoff guy and Diontae the punt guy? Why not just one of them?
Dude. What the fuck.
We look worse than last year
Conner got some stone hands tonight.
Wtf is up with James Conner. He uh... looks kinda bad.
2 and ten what the fuck is that?
Can we fucking stop giving it to Conner? Thanks
Yeah let’s just keep giving the ball to Conner lol
Such is life
Bottom 5 team in the league
It’s pretty obvious they need to ditch that shit
Where mcfarlan
WE HAVE OTHER PLAYERS!!!!!!!
Holy shit JC pull your shit together
Sucks to suck
YAY ANOTHA 3 AND OUT
We look like caca.
This better be rust as to why this team is 90% not there. Rush defense and Bos are the only things that look good right now.
"This isn't even Conner's fault, everything is clearly going to him. If we run 100 Conner plays maybe we can get 100 yards out of him. Mix it the hell up"
Do we want to score or are we waiting for the defense to do that for us?
"LETS GO WE ARE SO GOOD


on a real note can we step it up?"
Is Conner playing injured?
Man this offense needs work
This is sad
What even is the playcalling. Maybe the qbs were not 100% to blame last year. This is just ugh.
Bens looking a little wobbly
Oof come on Connor
Yikes
i can’t believe what i’m seeing
Nothing on the ground
Averaging like 1 yd per carry. Wtf dude
C'mon Ben shake that rust off
What the actual fuck.
Your play calling is fucking atrocious lol
YIKES
Our running game ain’t working
WTF IS THIS PLAY CALLING
As an LSU fan this is why I didn’t like Canada hire.
What was the purpose of that throw? Even if he would have caught it?!
Bad throw by Ben. Bad playcall to pass behind the chains
Jarrett without Jerry might be a good thing
"""Ben and all his weapons"" ok yeah idk about this one chief"
"Well that was piss poor. Ben, pick your targets with any care at all. Washington, know where your blockers are and fuckin aren't man"
Let’s be honest bens finished
Oline has been bad and Snell looks good so let’s just run with Conner on every 1st and 2nd down
Horrendous play calling. Losing the field position game. Looks like we’ve made no improvement from last year.
Are you guys really surprised we came out slow and unprepared
That's a TD if our long snapper doesn't get him there.
Picking up where we left off last year. This is awful.
"Steelering is back on the menu, boys and girls"
Yeah I'd like if we don't punt to that guy anymore.
They know this isn't a pre-season game right?
Even if that throw is good he still had to get past the line of scrimmage
All I know is blocking seems to be one of the main keys of our failure rn
So far our offense looks identical to last year. Awesome.
TJ
Finally!!!
YEEEEEEAH
TJ Fucking Watt!
Let’s go!
"Let’s not panic, we knew it was gonna take some time to get right. Been a while since Ben has played and then you gotta consider not having much practice. We will get it going soon enough."
Lol ok
"don't know about you guys, but the Giants look more intense to me on all 3 sides of the ball so far.  hopefully, our superior talent shines through by the end."
Pain
"I’m trying to stay optimistic. We had no preseason, so we’re a little rusty..."
TJ....
Best player in the league
Ben looking rusty AF when it comes to making reads.
TJ WATT
Yeah baby
DPOY!
"Defense gonna have to carry a bad offense again it seems, at least they're up to the challenge it seems like."
TJ WITH THE LURK
Yes!!!
U have to capitalize
"Are we allergic to passes that go 10-15 yards?
Fucking screens or bombs. That’s it. 

And more screens than anything else."
Thank goodness
WATT
TJ and Bud still the men!
The offense is the defense.
MARRY ME
There he is!! TJ is a god
TJ!
"Run game not hot, BUT LETS KEEP CALLING RUN PLAYS"
TJ!!!!
This is a classic Tomlin start to the season.
It's hard to tell if we're compensating for Ben being washed or if Randy is genuinely that bad.
Perfect
WATT!!!!!
Let's goooooooooo
TJJJJ
HOLY FUCK WATT!!!!!
Here cones a screen to Conner
Is Randy still our OC or what?!
Watt should play WR
At least the Run D looks good? That's all I've got. This has been a huge smack back down to reality so far.
fuck yeah!!!!!
Shades of James Harrison dancing in their heads
The Giants look like world beaters and we look like garbage.
"Cant tackle, can't catch... This is going to be a ROOOOOUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHH one, lol."
WA WAAAATTT?
Now here's a novel idea: try a pass beyond the line of scrimmage
Wow that’s huge
LETS GOOOO
"Don't worry guys, it's only preseason...right?"
Snell for starter.
LET'S FUCKING GO
Keep snell in and pound it
"This feels more high school than normal with no one in the stands. Run, run, dink, punt."
FEED 24 MORE
Chill people. We need 14 points on offense. Our D is good to stop
TJ looking to get that DPOY to shut up his bro lol starting game 1. You go TJ
Oh look! A running back!
I think im going to buy a Colquitt Jersey
Everyone commenting like they don’t know the Steelers have sucked first week for years lmao it’s been 18 minutes
Kirks doing alright
TJ!
Yes! My guy!
Watch this guys. Gonna call a run play
Oh another run
TJ!!!!
Benny looks faster and leaner
Lol what a dummy
Run on every first down smhhhhhhhh
Nice block by JuJu
"Jesus fuck our defense is hard carrying, let's try not giving conner the ball this drive"
MVP!
"Nice play tj, now let's feed james connor the rock every play."
Punch it through dammit
That's it Benny!
Benny looking real good
Terrible spot.
He got it he got it
Keep Snell in over Connor
Benny>Conner by a MILE
Has Derek blocked once for either Conner or Snell?
If that short gain was Connor you guys would be freaking out..
Snell looking like the number 1 now.
James Connors ankle really must be bothering him
wtf are we doing
We need the preseason
Fuck you Kirk Herbestreit you fucking motherfucker
??!!!
I felt that WHAT
We just need to run Benny Snell Football.
Fuck them refs
Ebron!
Ebron!!!
Throw dat hoe
FINALLY
"he is just pressing the previous play button, isnt he?"
Hello Enron!
Jesus Ben
"""WHAT?!"""
There we go
We’re playing like a team with no pre season and a QB coming back from missing a year.  Hopefully we can get this TD and get in rhythm quick
That’s nice throw
Eh fuck it didn't matter a yard or 6
Conner already getting injured. Tough man
Wtf was that
Ok its first down lemme guess...run run pass?
Thanos couldn’t catch that
tomlin you don’t have to cover your mouth this year
Nice
I imagine we have a rough 2 weeks on offense while everyone gets gelled together. We just look so rough because this is literally game 1
I knew there would be problems even with Ben. Remember game 1 and 2 last year?
18 was wide open there.
Thats more like it!
Ben!!!
Nice
D-I-M-E
LFG!!!
Nice catch!! Let’s goooo
Glad they finally put the artificial crowd lol
This game has reminded me of my immense hatred for Herbstreit
Bruh
That’s more like it!!
Ben is SLINGING.
Wtf
Macdonald got that flow
A little to ansy
EZ SHIT
GGFGGGFDRYINVFGF DT FFFHHFGHHH JUJU!!!
Nice duck for TD. I'll take it.
YOU LOVE TO SEE IT
A missed PAT...?
Let’s gooooooo
Good pick up by snell
"Jeez they're throwing everything at that O-line.

For the most part we got no time."
Dude
I see you Juju!
Wtf. Bosgod
Of fucking course
PAT no good yep sounds about right
Aw shit is the Boswell curse back ?
Wtf Boswell
"Not godly, Bos...not at all"
boz how the fuck
WTH Boswell i hope this isn’t like 2018 again.
BOSWELL COMEOOOOOOON
Juju smeeshoo
Man...we can’t catch a break. WTF is wrong with this team?
Leggo Bowell
BOSWELL NO
Bosmells
Really Boz?
So many mistakes
[deleted]
"Could have been the hold, would need to see the replay. Bos and Colquitt have worked together for barely any time."
Bud is insane
Dupree is a beast tonight.
Man our run defense is great
Anyone else’s ESPN app keep crashing?
FuboTV keeps crashing
"Guys, extra points are really hard...for us."
Bud is going to get all the Brinks trucks
Wait.... we cannot let bud go.... ever...
I'd like if the giants keep tryin to run. That's helpful for us.
Dupree is a monster!!
"Ah fuck, Bud is making me hard .."
Giants o line is so bad
i knew dupree wasn’t a one year wonder
Can’t run on the bud
The X and long special
Bud nearly got there before the ball was handed off.
"Tbf, it was Hilton that he hurdled"
What the fuck is wrong with this team? Jesus fucking Christ. TACKLE!
Opi there.
Yeah whatever Saquon
Fuck yes
CMC and Saquon are just different breed of running backs
Ref’s quiet af
You can only hope to contain saquon
"""Edmunds isn't bad he just isn't a superstar and that makes him look bad"""
Oh damn. That was a big one
Holy shit theyre actually calling OPI this year
Fully expected a RTP call there.
Safety professionals in the house
Giants thought they made progress on that short pass but punted from where they started.
That's a poor effort by Banner.
Get outta the end zone biiitch. Lol.
This is the same old offense
That was so close
Another drive where the Giants start at midfield.
That was officially the first time my heart has stopped this season.
Conner injured?
Good throw
[deleted]
That cartwheel
"Damn, defense!!  We have some spots open in offense if you want to submit an application..."
Banner dreaming of being an eligible receiver instead of blocking.
My fucking god... an arm sleeve?
That’s a hugeeeeeee Bush
Devin tired of the hops
Saquon is gonna get killed
O/U on how many times Hilton geys hurdled?
do you have to register to use nfl bite now?
Barkley jumping like he is fucking Charles Barkley.
Boomed him
Hilton not having a fun night with Barkley lol
These are some pretty weak commentators
Hope the 2 minute offense is up to it.
Mr. President!
"I remember a few years ago when I would dread third and longs because we would always give them up in a silly way.

Now I get pumped up expecting someone to get trucked or a turnover."
This play calling is fucking depressing. Fuck this ancient ass play calling. We need an update!
Wasting a lot of time
What the hell was that play?
"Run defense looks nice, gonna be big against the Ravens"
Ben is panicking in the pocket
Offense seems to be getting in sync now.
Washington!
Is this...what an offense feels like?
Nice little play there
Good decision going oob
JuJu is back to 2018 form
Diontae Johnson needs to get his hands straight
Schuster Smith? Lmao
JuJu doesn't look happy.  I hope he doesn't know something we don't.
"Very bad, get him out of here for now.

Muffed a punt, dropped a first down pass. We don’t need this."
"Gotta utilize the middle now, make those timeouts useful"
what's with the eyeball stickers on the front of JuJu's helmet?
Nice play by Washington
Daaaaaaaaaaamn
Go for two?
My dude Jimmy Worshington
Fucking incredible
Tomlin: slapass
Boss James
Thank you Boz.
Textbook
We back baby
LETS GO
That was beautiful!
Double down on both sides!
[removed]
What a play!!!
Giants secondary is shockingly bad
Boom baby
Is optimum down for anyone else
Was he touched?
That would've been a really good run
"When’s the last time Conner got a handoff? Not complaining, mind you."
"I was editing my essay somewhere else, why are you guys saying stop the noise?"
Why’d they blow it dead?
"Oof, good play by the Giants D"
Damn Conner benched?
"God damn Washington almost had that, great coverage and hands by Bradberry."
Never been more excited about a punt before
Defense time
BOOM
This defense makes my pp hard
My defense is hungry!!
lucky catch. Thats 3 more times we can hit Jones
Hilton grabbing the strap of a glove. Sneaky sumbitch lol
jesus man.
Christ
Vince on slayton
3rd down is automatic
Teams are gonna keep throwing at edmunds
Ok Minkah. Your up
Terrible
Smh
kinda pathetic?
If we could stop a damn 3rd down and long...
Wow. This defence totally fell off second half
How was nobody with the RB
What is wrong with this secondary??
Saw that coming a mile away
"I saw 4 Steelers surrounding Jones, with nobody in between, and thought Jones was dead. The mad lad pulled it off."
"That Giants offense shouldn't be able to move the ball on us like this, come on."
"Wow Jones straight scared of the defense, didn't even try to extend for the 1st."
Daniel MontanaBrady
just take ur fg lol
Jones sound like he was about to cry on that Ohama?
Stuffing the line isn't working anymore.
They are wearing us out with the hurry up and moving the chains
Lol why are these guides wide open?
How are they open like that every time?
Come on
This is insane
"Hey Kirk, who is Dan Johns?"
That was a pick
Giants finally getting double digit positive rushing figures.
what a fucking joke.
Daniel Jones eyes down exactly where he gon throw
this fucking sucks
Check down defense has been abysmal
This is terrible
We're getting fucking nickel and dimed off this soft zone
Just leaving guys wide open on big plays.
Beautiful
Lmao
Bahagahahaha
Dupree and hey ward let’s ho
Oh my God is this what we are doing now
LMAOOOO
Lmaooooo
Gotta play tighter on these guys. Too worried about the run in touch down and letting them make small gains.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees
Bud Dupree is my dad
I just cannot with this soft zone BS
They're playing 500
Play Sutton more then Hilton. Hilton is having a rough game
"Well, at least the D still looks good.  Great pressure, great stop."
FUCK YES BOYS
Coverage is so bad tonight it takes a d-lineman to get the INT
So no more Connor? Need for fantasy
Terrible decision to pass it
GODDAMNIT
"OMG, right when Snell makes a nice run..."
Yup.
Thank god the D needs a break
"Please no

Edit: Thanks JuJu"
"Cmon man... hold into the rock...

Thank you Juju"
Remember when we could’ve drafted JK dobbins
"Yikes, gotta protect that ball."
Great awareness by Juju
JUUUJUUU
That boy juju showing the hands
Thank god
Is it just me or was every positive play on that Giants drive picking on Edmunds?
"Fudge
Edit... Lucky as hell"
Steeler ball!
Our fumble woes continue
Ffs
Oh thank god
A little RPOoooooh yeah
Bens got more yards than Conner and Samuels might have slippery hands.. Not looking to hot for the rbs..
Juju is all balls
So one bad quarter is all it took for you guys to turn on Conner?
"way to make up for it
johnson"
Dude take a seat
"Man I really wish they'd just put in Claypool. Johnson is cold tonight, let's see what the new kid can do."
Can’t lie we are looking a bit sloppy on both sides of the ball. Lack of a real preseason maybe showing?
Is Conner hurt?
humming
alright Tae let’s get that confidence back up tonight
Dj redemption
Terrible
Fuck
Ben never says die
Did something happen to Conner??
Saw a notification that Conner has no helmet. Anyone know the scoop?
Am I'm thr only one who think those snaps during the kick are bad? Dolquit does a heck of a job there
And some of you were worried.
"Boswell just trying to make it harder for the D, good guy"
What a jerk kicking that ball outta bounds like that
I thought Bos could kick? Wtf?
Oof.
3rd down have to do it
Lets keep running on 1st down!
Maybe whatever Conner is dealing with is why he wasn't making anyone miss.
Hilton be like “MR PRESIDENT!!”
Tunch is not doing well with this Covid setup. He sounds really lost.
Tick tick tick 1st down!
S N E L L sticks a knife in
How much do I hate these in game commercials...
So is Jayson Garret going to start a coup?  Is that the plan in New York?
I am jamming out to I Feel Good right now
Judge looks pissed
Wiz hurt?
Checkmate
Dotson time
That’s some good juju
And chuks time apparently
Gotta go for 2. 3 possessions is impossible for em to come back.
F
Holy hell our D is looking good...
OL went early
What OL is available?
Here We Go!
Let's keep eating D
GG
"C’mon Ben, beat Eli’s record in his house."
Of course its Juju
just run it again fuck them lol
Savage
We start with a win! FUCK YES! LETS GOOOOOO BOYS!!!!!!!!!!!
"Nelson got roasted.  Too much twitter, not enough intensity."
Someone needs to beat Butler over the head a few thousand times. Stupid ass garbage time. Shut them the fuck out. It's the Giants.
I won’t have respect for Tomlin until he benches Conner’s ass. He’s so slow and bad. Snell has a burst of energy and doesn’t go down easily
I can hear Diontae falling down the depth chart from here.
Not paying leveon is still haunting this team
Unpopular opinion. Hand on the head during a pass is definitely PI.
"Play clock, not porn cock Ben"
Banner needs to spend less time on Twitter and more time on his game
Oh look Diontae hasn’t improved one bit
anybody got switzer’s number? see if he can start returning punts again
"I hate to blame Conner, but he could’ve taken off with that..,"
Snell looked better on those two rushes than all of Connors
Defense got some issues tho
Jesus Christ Ben wake the fuck up
I’m losing it with these commercials
Keith Butler bailed out yet again by Bud Dupree
"I’m not a medical expert but I’ve read that Conner is more injury prone because of Chemo, interesting if true."
Thats the Steelers I know
FUCK YOU DIONTE!!!
💀
"Why are they not piping in noise, wtf?"
What an asshole.
He makes me feel better about my ability to catch punts; that’s not a good thing.
Leveon come back... lol
Dude Conner is hot garbage
Bench Johnson bruh
Wow
OH MAN
"At least when Snell gets hit he punishes, Conner just falls."
I got here right after DJ caught the punt by falling with it and they were up 3-0. What happened
Offense is looking A+ so far!... not.
Just once I’d like to be able to bet on a game and not have some PI call alter the outcome.
At least we get the Suck Bowl this Thursday
Is there a way to stream the game for this of us who cannot afford cable?
Kentucky football fan here that doesn’t have a favorite NFL team. James Connor fucking stinks and deserves to have his snaps replaced by Benny
Gold amid a sea of turds lmao.
The line is the problem yet Snell is actually making plays and Conner isn't. Writing is in the wall.
suck out fat dick refs
"nah, Peppers sucks balls"
Fuck off Boz
Who misses a PAT? I mean honestly.
Of fucking course Boswell missed it
These guys need to calm down. You're still not on top of the scoreboard. Stop it with the celebrations.
Oh god and thus returns the Boswell downward spirals
"Theres always something, thanks boz"
"Edmunds, new season same garbage"
Weak opi
Receivers just not getting open. Just like last year.
Gotta catch that
"Couple of guys having really rough games. Ben, Conner, Banner to name a few."
I'm not sure why they were so high on Banner anyway. As far as I remember he looked pretty mediocre last year.
[deleted]
Edmunds getting outrun by a TE... Ugh
I'll sign for the min to take edmunds spot
Rather then crawling in the ground for 5 seconds why not take 2 seconds to stand up and get the sac
Holy false start batman
"You hate to see it, but Jones is reminding me of a young Ben a little bit"
"Of course, we'll take the pick, but starting inside our own 1 is going to be rough."
Our offense is so bad
DURABILITY
...but Tomlin said Connor is our bellcow???
That’s game guys
"What silicon valley idiots think ""Honey"" is remotely gonna be successful? What a waste."
"Why haven't we seen McFarland or Derek Watt? I have a feeling we have quite a few tricks up our sleeves as the season goes on. Perhaps to throw off defenses trying to read us on tape?

Edit: ahh shit, my bad dudes."
Nelson what happened to you??
Did connor get hurt
I forgot Conner sucks
"Hope James took his education at Pitt seriously and got a degree. 

Be a shame if he didn't."
Lmao fuck off Joe.
All cause Haden
Nice to see that Tomlin is not prioritizing special teams yet again. So stupid to keep Samuels instead of Whyte. Johnson better shape up because there’s not much behind him in the depth chart.
Daniel Jones may not be as bad as expected
Lemme guess: run run pass run run incomplete punt
Game needs to end before 10pm. Our F+#;$+$. Gov banned alcohol sales after 10
[deleted]
get this old demented man off of tv
That PI call sucks but it was a good call.
[deleted]
That better be Johnson’s last punt return
"alright johnson, redeem yourself"
Jesus get Johnson outta there
"Bud - nice play, but totally unblocked.

Sutton - nice play, but if that was in open field w/o help, Barkley is gone.

Come on guys, tighten it up."
Ben looks like Joe Flacco rn
Rudy! Rudy! Rudy! Too soon?
almost unwatchable honestly
Ben cant hit a target dear lord
Maybe Ben should go back to watching porn and rub one out real quick
Worstwell again?
Be good to get Conner going.....need sustained drives
Ben looks like shit fr
Why was Barkley wide open?
Bench Johnson
Bye james
Why is Conner looking so bad ?
[deleted]
"On side kick. Giants recover.


Still no Ben"
8-8 here we come
Banner doesn’t have to try as long as he keeps it real on Instagram and Twitter 🔥😎
[deleted]
glad they didn't draft a rb....
Samuels should not play
"I would willingly strap a 45lb weight to my balls, and walk 36 miles through the Sahara, barefoot with shards of glass under my feet, if it meant I never had to watch James Conner play football ever again"
Fire tomlin thread
Have Johnson's walking papers waiting for him in the locker room.
Switzer still sucks
just cancel the season
Nice to see the Detroit Ebron showed up
The Ben era is over. It was over after AB left. That dude literally carried us.
[deleted]
[deleted]
What if we’re the team that’s bad?
Fatboy fell at the 1 instead of the endzone? Love you Heyward 💛
Just end the season now
If Johnson had been inactive that would have been better.
You can’t catch punts without preseason it’s not possible
Banner and Wisniewski blocking no one there.
What's that about Berry?
61 looks fucking lost out there.
Get MacFarland in and let's see what he can do. Conner has zero vision.
Connor with a 1st Quarter to forget so far.
We look good
Stupid Giants fans.  Hope they get hacked/s
Toxic.
Anyone saying this isn’t Tomlin’s fault at all is delusional
TANK FOR TREVOR
"Offense bad, secondary bad, special teams bad. This is going to be a long season."
If we let McDonald walk can we keep Bud?
Boz...
"So Boswell, it's early to tell. We gonna have a hot cold hot cold alternating season spread?"
"At this early point in the season, if it comes down to juju or bud we gotta sign bud."
Facemask on Ben?
3 and out 3 and out 3 and out 3 and out
Where is samuels? Inactive?
"Ok boys, give me that Mandalorian Season 2 trailer already sheesh"
I don’t like how they don’t show Steelers fans in that fan cam view. Steelers fans are known for traveling. I know the Giants are home team but the visiting team has fans too and they typically get screen time during normal telecasts.
Secondary is fucking awful
Jesus fucking Christ you dumb ass mother fuckers how is someone always open to get the 1st down
This is fucking pathetic. Do they want to win or not?
"Tbh I don’t think the Giants will score any unassisted points tonight. They’ve only scored twice so far and both of them were off gifts - one from Special Teams and one from the Refs.

I don’t think they have what it takes to go down the field and score an unassisted TD."
I love Claypool. who do we sit in the lineup though to get him snaps? Or do we let Juju go to FA and give him snaps in 2021?
I miss the good ole days when a great defense claimed 4-7 QB's a season.
[deleted]
I give big Ben one more quarter before he gets injured and out for the entire season
thanks a lot haden
Can you guys defense let us run with saquon please thanks lol
"should we just give them the TD? our defense is getting BENT OVER

jk everyone downvote my dumb ass please"
"This defense is so god fucking damn slow. Why? They're not old men, right? Jeez."
Thank God no kneelers on our side.
should be a tie game. thx boz 💩
Keith Butler runs a kiddy defense
"Call it an overreaction but Steelers offense look old, fat, and slow. 

My buddy I’m watching the game with out it perfectly. Ben has always been a great football player and an average quarterback. But he’s too old and beat up to be a football player."
This is your fault. Your fault for pushing Super Bowl aspirations on this time. Your fault for hyping up JuJu and his fort nite celebrations. Your fault for convincing me we even had a chance. Honestly I’ve seen what I need to see. Have a good one boys I’m going to buy a Joe Burrow jersey tonight. Your fault.
Trash coaching
I might just order a Boswell jersey with my Burrow color rush one
Link?
Ok I hate Boswell
"I thought for sure that the Steelers were going to cover when they were up by 16, now I'm not so sure. It's big that NY only has two timeouts left."
Thank Trump
Wow it’s almost like this sub is ridiculously optimistic and ridiculously wrong about the Steelers once again. Ben’s done
Ben doesn’t even have 200 yards yet. Did not expect him to look this scrubby and incapable
[deleted]
Fire Steven Nelson
"Get Johnson off special teams, are you fucking serious. Off the shoulder pad. Any decent team gets 7 off that muff. Unacceptable"
This team is ass just like last year
Did Flacco possess Ben?
[deleted]
im about ready to go back to boycotting sports after this pathetic attempt at start of a season. But its typical as \*&\*%&#$ usual!!!!!!!!  wake the &&&& up
Johnson’s muffed catch cost me my fantasy game and I’m really not ok about it
Ben looks done lol
Is Ben trash now?
"big bens gotta go, we need a new qb. we need a two dimensional threat at qb, the league has changed"
[deleted]
"Monstrous breakout game for Dionte Johnson. 11 catches, 158 yards, 2 TDs"
"4 - 0 Pittsburgh, in a defensive sided game"
27-10
I’ll make a prediction outside of the score. First passing TD for the Steelers will be to Ebron.
"I’m thinking we play a control the clock, long drive type of game. I’m thinking 24-10ish but a game we control (after a slow start) for most of the night."
"28-10. Im hoping JuJu will shut down the negativity and get over 100 yards with at least one touchdown. 
Claypool will get a lot of looks.
I also think that Ebron will show us something really special.
Defensively, I’m saying 2 interceptions and 5 sacks. 
Let’s gooooo"
"Sloppy and close, but Steelers 17-14. Ben throws a few picks but our D comes up with 3 takeaways. Ben takes a two minute drill down the field and Boswell hits the game winner as time expires."
""
"I like to beat teams at their best, but we're missing DeCastro, so it's only fair ;)"
""
Northeast Ohioan here!
Repping in Dublin
Excellent user name!
I’m getting harassed watching the game in Akron
"Me, too!"
Central Ohio Here
I love your earrings! Where did you get them?
"Go Steelers! Awesome first night and win for the year!!

Like the outfit!! Representin :)"
Canadian here! Repping Steelers since '09 at the age of 11. Steelers football is all I've known and all I'll ever know!
"Lol the username! 


Quality jersey too"
Steelers fan.  Check. Potter fan check. I got a wedding I’m going to in Ohio and I’m still looking for a date. Did I get on reddit at the right time? 😅
Me too girl! Go Steelers! I have my JuJu jersey and sitting in Columbus lol.
Steelers have the hottest fans...NGL
""
Pompin' ain't easy
Fuck.
Bill will be back for week 3.
[removed]
I’m here for the Ooziez generated thread! HERE WE FUCKING GO
Does Road Ben count if it's week 1 and he wants to hatefuck the media?
Anyone see any birds outside yet?
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS AND GALS!!!!!
It got posted 50 mins ago
https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/isve6f/game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at_new_york_giants
Unpopular opinion. I hate the “Who (whatever)” thing. Gives other fans something to mock when we don’t do good. Just like we do with “Who Dey” and the Bengals.
I’m so fucking anxious!! Lets start off with a big W
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOO!!!!!!
Anyone else terrified by this game? On the road vs a bad team...ugh
Wake the fuck up Renegades! It's game time!!
Here we go
LETS FUCKING GO BOYS!!!!
Is there a new /r/nflstreams?
Switz catches that....
""
[removed]
"With McFarland scratched, Whyte and Switzer cut, and Diontae being a legitimate receiver limiting his potential at returner, how do you feel about McCloud? He’s had some ball security issues in the past, but I’m hoping he’s overcome it


Edit: I’ve forgotten about Cam Sutton. Unsure of whether or not he could have beaten McCloud out."
Welp
I mean
""
same but at least they are all picking us to win because of our defense and not the killer b's
Also very interested to see how much home field is going to play a factor this season with no fans.
Randy is a genius
This
"Excuse me, but - your gameday food is GINGERBREAD COOKIES???

Jeez!"
"Then....maybe don’t pay attention to this type of bullshit?

Seems reasonable to me, at least"
""
I like it
Gotta fix that glare homie that’d drive me bonkers lol
How are you watching? I’m in Hawaii
[deleted]
""
""
IT WORKED! Keep on doing it please! 😄
Marry me
"Omg I had that same football.

Sometimes it would get spiked out of happiness. Other times out of sadness.    Usually while saying bad words. 

Hope yours had a good time tonight ha"
After last year I’m surprised you didn’t burn it all. Great game tho!
[removed]
"Thanks, I hate it"
I mean I understand it both ways. Will Switzer catch the punt? Yes. Will he gain more than 20 yards all season after a punt? Probably not
Shut up and take my upvote...
I knew a post like this was coming. Lmao
"Remember the time Switzer waved off a safety punt (which is a live ball)?

Good times."
That was quick. At least they only got 3
I agree atleast Switz didn’t give me a heart attack every punt
 Don’t start
Exactly this
If not muffing a punt is your best quality then you shouldn't be in the NFL.
"He'll be back on the team soon enough, you heard it here first"
Ray ray McCloud will muff that punt next week
"Did he never muff a punt in his career?  It happens to everyone.  You want to minimize the fumbles, but you can’t completely eliminate them"
I’m over Diontae Johnson already. He’s awful tonight
""
Let's go! Congratulations brother!
Your baby’s birth is the reason we got a win tonight. Confirmed
Little Benicia!!!!!!
Congrats bro!!! That’s our good luck girl!!!!
❤️ congratulations!!! She’s beautiful!
Congrats!
Congratulations!  Welcome to Steelers Nations!
Congrats! What dat baby name?
Welcome to the family little one! Congrats!
Congrats and Happy Birthday from Houston!
Congrats!!!
Congratulations!
"Another Texan with culture, I see.

We are taking over!"
"Boy, did we get that W"
Cangrats! September babies are the best! (my birthday was yesterday)
"Congratulations, she’s a beauty. My daughter is 9/14 as well. Have her birthday parties on Saturdays."
Hopefully she’s a good luck charm for the season! Congratulations
"Welcome to the world, baby girl! I bet you’ll bring us some luck 🖤💛🖤💛"
Congrats!
Aww welcome babby!   Congrats to you all <3
Today was a good day. Congrats!
"Congrats! Beautiful girl. Fellow Texan here! Go Steelers!

North Fort Worth"
""
"I think I heard an Eli call peppered in there, and thought it was a nice tribute — more like Dobby’s burial"
That was Peyton.
When we hear “Dilly Dilly” then we get ignant.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
"First catch in the NFL,  looking like a fucken NFL Vet...."
Body control is unreal
Inject this maple syrup right into my veins
Can we also talk about the ball placement here? Literally perfect
"Now that’s a first catch 
Can’t wait for his first touchdown"
Such a physical presence out wide we’ve needed for a long time. I think this young receiving core can do wonders with Ben healthy.
Outstanding first catch and a veteran move to go to ground on the last play of the game instead of possibly taking that sweep to the house. Great first game.
"I don't know how I feel about that nickname, but goddamn that was a hell of a first NFL catch. Most exciting part of the game so far"
"Yeahhhhh, that was fucking sick.  Even though Ben was pretty safe in this game and not really taking many shots, you still got the feeling of there's just too many guys TO throw to.  His starting 3 WRs are all good, and then Claypool comes in as a rookie making his first catch and does THAT.  

Lots of options in this passing game, and for a slinger like Ben that's going to be fun to watch.  Should be the polar opposite of last year."
Bradberry has to change his jersey from IV to V because Claypool is his daddy now
[deleted]
And I don’t think I have seen him since
Holy shit I love the name Mapletron.
I’m officially enamored 😻
"That was an NFL catch right there, to tap the toes and adjust the body to secure the ball when hitting the ground, you'd never guess it was a rookie in his first game."
was the catch of the season so far...and I refuse to call this guy Mapletron.....horrible nickname
More OPI here than the call on Engram
I strongly dislike this nickname. Give him something his. Not something that half belongs to someone else.
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"Steelers LT Alejandro Villanueva has the name Alwyn Cashe on the back of his helmet

Cashe was posthumousky awarded the Silver Star for heroism after his death at 35 while on duty in Iraq



***

posted by [@C_AdamskiTrib](https://twitter.com/C_AdamskiTrib)

 [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/Eh6dnGlWkAEdW-Z.jpg) 

[Link in Tweet](http://Steelers.com)


^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
""
"Two of my favorite things. Love you for this, baby.

Cornerbacks: “AHHHHH!”"
Fuck yeah
Chocolate?!?!
pay this man
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I'm a 5th grade teacher and I have been lucky enough to get in touch with a lot of colleges and have a bunch of college football helmets displayed in my classroom. 

The only NFL helmet in my class is a Steelers helmet that a friend gave me. I love it because I love the Steelers, but it's a VSR4 and I just prefer the look of the Revo Speed. 

If anyone wants to swap helmets, I could pay a bit more too. Or if anyone just wants to make an offer for the VSR4, let me know! 

Thanks!"
Can you post a picture? I’d love to see it
[deleted]
because shit happens
he didn’t miss a PAT all last season ? wtf are you talking about
Because the kicker is the least of our worries...I love me some bos
Sorry I'm with OP. After the 2018 season he should have been fired.
[removed]
The best drive of the half was the 2-minute drill Ben called all the plays on LMAO
Don't make too much noise or he'll start calling screens/running wildcat
Play calling has been atrocious so far. Hopefully they open it up in the 2nd half.
It has been like this for so long
I just wanna know why he isn't using Derek Watt
We all do.
Worst OC in the NFL. He makes me miss Todd Haley
[removed]
"THAT'S WHY BOI

TAKE A LAP SON"
It’s his 1st game without pre-season.  I’m gonna give that a pass.  He doesn’t look great though
Yeah let's put in Mason /s
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
Ben Roethlisberger currently has more rushing yards than Saquon Barkley. These are the stats I like.
This is awesome
Facts are Facts
Wildcat offense with Ben confirmed???
so Roth has more than 96 yards?
[removed]
""
[removed]
""
That was so fu*#ing clutch!  That was a huge swing in momentum.
[Me when Cam made that pick.](http://imgur.com/a/j75xsKE)
Give credit to Dupree for the tip
Cam leaped to protect that ball like a goddamned gazelle and I loved it.
"Good thing we need Cam on defense, otherwise JuJu's job would be in danger."
Raise your hands if you predicted Cam to pick off Jones.
“The vertical of a dead cow.”
"Sigh, he is a body catcher and will never be a good wide receiver in the NFL."
Jones played well today but not taking the sack or throwing this away is one of the worst decisions I’ve ever seen a qb make
""
[removed]
"Much will be revealed this year. So far in this game, I like what I've seen from juju."
We don't know lol
Will be after this season
"He can be, the talent is there, the real question is will he get there, we'll see."
Who fucking cares? He’s leading us tonight and looks good.
Inconclusive. He battled injuries last year and dealt with the worst QB play in the league. Juju was not very good last year but it wasn't all his fault. So far he looks good tonight and we shall find out the answer to this as the season goes!
Many have the opinion that a true #1 wide receiver will force double teams. I hope Juju doesn't have to be a #1 receiver. Tonight Ben has spread the love and hopefully it stays that way. We don't want to rely on 1 guy running and 1 guy catching.
Maybe?
At best he can be an average #1 reciever. Hes never going to be top 10 imo
Ask me week 6
At this point in time no. Only because of the fact that he hasn't replicated the production he had while AB 🐐 was here
[removed]
"he is a good football player

i like him

great defensive play call"
""
"Hate to hear it but man, Snell=Steelers Football."
What a surprise
But we didn’t need another RB..
Let's see how serious the injury will be
"\#Steelers RB James Conner is questionable to return with an ankle injury.

***

posted by [@MySportsUpdate](https://twitter.com/MySportsUpdate)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
What an outstanding thing for him to do. Big man with a big heart.
What a great guy! So glad we extended him.
"I'm so tempted to get the jersey of a younger player (Watt, Fitz) for longevity, but I love everything about Cam and what he stands for as a player/person..."
Let the man retire a steeler
But also that interception didn’t hurt #jumpman
how come the communities didn't deserve them?
You love to see it
"Thats awesome!! I don't know what I would do without my local library. It's nice for my son to be able to get books often especially during lockdown.

But why does Schefter use the words, ""underserved communities"" ? These communities previously did not ""deserve"" a library? 

Am I reading it wrong? Or am I missing something?"
Does anyone know how I can learn more about the Rufus and Judy Jordan Literacy project?  Would like to get involved.
""
"The defense is gonna feast again this Sunday against a young offense and with so many injuries on both sides of the ball I doubt they can effectively cover all the targets Big Ben has this season.

So long as the offensive line doesn't collapse and Dotson continues to perform well we should see another repeat of Monday's game."
Time to buy stock in Elmer's.
">“I don’t think Phillip will make it this week, Courtland is questionable…he’ll probably be a gameday decision as to if he’ll make it or not.”

Thats good news

Also Bouye is on IR is good news"
"Injuries always suck, regardless of whose team it is. 

Like I’d rather enjoy that we beat the ravens at their full strength than because we got lucky they were injured ya know? But it is what it is I guess."
"Please use this thread to post anything.  Doesn't have to be Steelers or football related at all.  Don't downvote in this thread.  If you see someone being a jerk, report it, or message the mods about it.  

Need to vent?  Do it here!  

Hate/love something, and want to talk about how much you hate/love it?  Do it here!"
"Moving to a new place sucks, moving to a new place with a 10 month old who demands the majority of your attention sucks even more lmao. Also did anyone catch what Mark Madden said about juju on tuesday? He said ""I don't like Juju, and I'm going to be up his ass until he leaves town, no matter what he does"" I get the guy runs a schtick but it sure seems like this isn't part of it and he's definitely taking it way too far and pretty much doing anything he can to run a guy out of town for absolutely no reason."
Preparing myself mentally for whatever is going to happen with the helmets this weekend
RIP RBG
Dad is a lifelong steeler and he inherited his good taste in me. We're mexican
I’m a Lakers and Steelers fan living in Denver. This week is pretty great.
"Either get on everybody not following company policy or get on nobody. Don't single me out and the only thing I don't have on are safety glasses that are completely pointless when I wear glasses

I'm not even mad about the write up I'm mad nobody else got one when its clear as day there doing the same thing and that includes management themselves. I HATE HATE HATE when management picks and chooses what employees they enforce the rules on.

I called corporate too. Might have been over dramatic but that shit pissed me off enough and this is first time I've EVER called corporate for anything.

Edit: I understand and agree with the write up. It's company policy to wear all PPE while in the building (no matter how stupid safety glasses are in that environment) but I definitely don't agree with being the only person when you got the entire warehouse including the supervisor and management not following it"
"Got to have some beers with some friends from high school today, one of which had been gone for months with the National Guard. Football is back, bars may close at 10,  but god damnit football is back"
Should I start Diontae Johnson (projected 12.1) over Amari Cooper (projected 15.6) this Sunday? I kind of want to to be honest
They got into the corner
How are you all watching games this season? I have Hulu and according to [506sports.com](https://506sports.com) I should be able to watch the Steelers vs Broncos game but when I look ahead on my Hulu live the only game available at all is the Giants vs Bears. I just wanna watch the Steelers play man :(
Are they going to start Conner again or are they going to stick with Snell? Boy Connor just cant stay healthy
Great Pass Rush boys!
[removed]
This is not a week two preview.  It's obvious factoids from week one followed by some spam.
"Just going, to be honest, I hate you guys sports wise but I will come in peace this time. I drive a truck for a living and took a load to Pittsburgh and let me tell you this. I can still feel the spirit of when it was the steel city. It's a shame that whatever or whoever allowed that industry to leave the city. 

I know this is not steelers related but I figured the most diehard fans enjoy talk about their city too. But I'll add something interesting I live right next to Miami University where big ben went to college."
"Nobody and nothing ""allowed"" steel to dry up and die, unfortunately.  It just stopped being big and powerful enough as an industry to support entire U.S. regions.  Improvements in production killed off like 90% of the man hours necessary to meet global demand, and globalization/international competitors willing or able to undercut on cost meant no one could pay a premium for U.S. made steel without making severe economic concessions.

Don't cry for Pittsburgh.  We shifted focus, recovered, and thrived.  Med/pharm, finance, and tech are huge here (and much cleaner), and we export the world's finest professional football. Plus, I challenge you to find better pierogies anywhere English is the first language.

You want to shed a tear?  Cry for Youngstown.  Going on half a century later, it's still a shithole that refused to recover."
The steel industry left because Japanese steel was being manufactured much more cheaply in modern electric furnaces as opposed to the open hearth coal fired furnaces in Pittsburgh.  The electric furnaces were installed as part of the post-war reconstruction sponsored by the US.  Sad indeed.  When I was a kid (60's 70's) everybody's Dad worked in the mill.
"Guess you haven't heard of the Pittsburgh renaissance.  It's a health care, finance, and higher education hub now.  The air quality is much better, too to say nothing about being home to the best nfl team in the country.  But yea, you have cool chili!"
"Ayeeee I used to live in Clifton. Cincinnati as a city is on the come up.

Fuck that other dude commentating with the passive aggressive bs. Lol"
I did a job in Terrace Park a few years back. Cinci is fine. Lots of good food there
"Nobody ""let"" the steel industry move out of the city. The steel industry moved to the Great Lakes to reduce the cost of transporting ore to the steel plants."
">It's a shame that whatever or whoever allowed that industry to leave the city.

Ronald Reagan"
""
"That game was such a gigantic cluster-fuck.

I don't think I'll ever forget Xavier Grimble fumbling a sure touchdown into the endzone because he chose to be a dumbass.

And really WTF was Ben thinking on that pass?"
"I was at that game, my first NFL game.  I got to watch juju’s long reception, Bens 400 some odd yards thrown.  And a big man touchdown...

And we still lost.... fucking grimbel"
Who makes your guys Steelers decals attached to your username? Those are SWEET!
"[506 sports](https://506sports.com/nfl.php?yr=2020&wk=2)

&#x200B;

[Credit 506Sports.com](https://preview.redd.it/v7nv6uhf9yn51.jpg?width=1041&format=pjpg&auto=webp&s=53ed1e73c6b7bb7ee74c565cbda77bed90adcf5c)"
"I'm gonna be in the kansas city area this weekend so this is good news. Hopefully we can finally beat Denver. I'm tired of always losing to em, even when they suck."
Why does Arizona have the Bears and Giants. I don't care about the Bears and Giants and I don't know anyone that does.
"I live in the Denver TV market. This is basically the one way to see the Steelers on CBS. Usually they give us the Chiefs in the early time slot, or the Pats if the Chiefs aren't playing early."
Living in FL sucks ass it's always the bucs dolphins or the jags. Three shit teams that haven't done shit and no one cares about.
[deleted]
"NJ is out of luck, damnit. Anyone wanna that has the game locally wanna give me their Sunday Ticket login? o\_O"
"why the ny @ chicago stretch in Alabama, georgia, s carolina, and western n carolina. Also, whats going on in upstate idaho, eastern washington? just curious"
"Unfortunately, not in my part of NC. Is that guy still running Powerspike?"
Why are parts of the deep south and Arizona being shafted with that horrible Giants/Bears game?  They're not even division foes.  It'd be nice if CBS could give fans a glimpse of their rationale on things like this for future reference.
"Hate being in that little green spot in VA. Always Tennessee, all the time."
"Yeah.  No chance of seeing the game here in CT, due to the Giants being on at the same time."
im in the part of sc where we arnt getting the game lame
"I live in MN...

So...whats everyone's favorite streaming site that is totally 100% legal?"
Why the F do I have to watch the Giants again!
Wtf Dallas.. no one wants to see that shit show game. I need to make the move.
So living in Palmer Ak means I can watch my team???
Not for me :/
I always get the fucking NFC north
"Minshew-mania still reeling in that juicy Pullman, WA demographic."
""
"I want to see Benny Snell get the nod this week, ran his ass off last week so he earned it. No problem with Conner coming in to spell him a few times, but I would want Snell out there on the first snap."
He's going to come out with his hair on fire.
He's good to go except for Benny Snell Football breathing down his neck.
Cause he was benched and not really hurt.
"If Conner looks slow out the gate, switch to snell as soon as possible . Blind faith in conner could be an issue if he’s not running well"
50/50 split between conner and snell. Conner is a nice relief valve for Ben in the passing game.
"\#Steelers RB James Conner (ankle) has no game status designation on the final injury report. So he's good to go.

***

posted by [@TomPelissero](https://twitter.com/TomPelissero)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
Greeeeeeeeeeeeat.
Why don’t we do backs split by quarters?  How much extra thump would there be if each got a full quarter to rest.
"The game plan is based on Conner being healthy. If he plays, he starts. Thats the plan, like it or not."
You do realize Coach T high fived him when he came off?  Dude knows bad play calls got him stuffed.
Conner needs to be the backup. Only way he can be successful
"JC is a good actor 👏.  Spent the 3rd quarter ""stretching "" when he wasn't hurt in the first place."
""
"Obviously we want DD out there, but I am extremely comfortable with Dotson getting the nod. This kid may just be our starting g next year so keep a good eye on him."
What exactly is up with Decastro? I haven't really been keeping up with him.
"Curious to see how Dotson does. Going up against Jurell Casey in your first start doesn't sound fun, but if he can hold his own then that'll be a hell of a sign."
With how banged up the Broncos are right now I'm not that worried having Dotson start. Should be a good showing for the offense.
Oh boy.  To go from a non-combine invite to an NFL starter in 6 months.  Hope he's ready.
"I really hope Dotson works out, because I was anxious when we didn't draft a lineman higher.  If he does well it would go a long way towards our long term prospects as well as this year.  Having so many lineman injured seems flukish."
We got the kitchen staff from the Eat’n Park in Monroeville starting on the O Line and we’ll still win.
K Dot Kung fu Kenny
Any word on Tuitt’s Achilles?
""
"As expected, the first player of our draft class to get a start is ... our 4th pick. You know what, I liked him after being drafted, I'm excited to see what he can do."
"thats a lot of O-Line injuries, kinda hoping they look to maybe look into a trade/grab a FA if the price is right.

I'm still comfortable with our starters, but when I picture our current D-Line against our current O-line I feel like they really need some help."
"Ughh pec injuries suck, hope it's not too serious"
Wasn't there a report that said the report about us bringing Hawkins back wasn't true. Was that report the incorrect one!?
"God this is gonna be scary, dotson is the only one of the three I have any faith in when in a game situation"
""
"What do the Broncos have to be homers about?  Their entire history, they've only ever accomplished anything by taking QB's from the Colts."
""
Interesting flex.
Be careful they will tear easily
"overall value.... 

about 12 cents"
Hope he steps up Sunday
Rip
Better start the Benny Snell Jr. card collection
Me with two james conner cards and 7 benny snell cards by chance (I didn't buy any. i go by the surprise packs)
I envy someone who can afford National Treasures
"I always joked to the Conner truthers “what did you do, buy his jersey?” and now I see what I’m up against when I try to say Benny Snell looks like the better option right now."
"I got a few of them. The autograph ones are worth about $20-30 a piece,the Prestige rookie is about $10."
"“This is worthless!” 

Meme."
At least the cards aren't as fragile as the real thing.
""
"> According to Williams he didn’t know about the change and didn’t care

That sentence should've been the entire article"
"Vinces' donating 500 laptops hundreds of Chromebooks backpacks and PPE to Northside schools... Headline reads ""Vince Williams speaks his truth on Villanueva... "" 

Man I wish The team didn't bring all this heat on itself for nothing..."
"Honest Question:

Who really wants drama in the Steelers’ locker room?  Outside of the media, who needs to see the Steelers portrayed as whinny children?"
\#BasedBince
BINCE laying it out there
Sad part is they will keep asking different players about the helmet until one of them gives an ambiguous enough quote to be twisted into manufactured drama. Transparent and pathetic.
""
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
"Something something yessir. 

Idk If you guys noticed, but coach Tomlin waited for Ben to finish this interview and then walked off the field with him. Just a cool moment"
"I think after last year, everyone's just glad they have a chance at a chip once again (and Juju is just excited to be relevant again)."
Yessir
Must be refreshing after hearing MBC shit on him for so long
Yessir
Yessir
feeling alot of emotions this season.
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
YESSIR
This is awesome. Ben is great.
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
Yessir
juju is probably very happy ben is back. they have a good connection so his stats will be sooo much better this year
Yes sir
Yessir
Yeppers
Preach
#Yessir
yessir
Yessir
"Our*

Edit: yessir"
Yessir
Thank you for this! I couldn't figure out how to get a clean grab of this. You are an artiste'.
Looks like Ben is getting tired of JuJu's childish actions. /s
""
"Hes probably trolling, and you took the bait"
Found Mason's dad's twitter account
Trolls will troll
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
JAGOFF... 🤦🏻‍♂️
"The number of posts bashing Ben before the two minute drive was infuriating.

We have a lot of spoiled fans."
"number 2 on his jersey

number 2 on the depth chart

number 2 in the toilet"
"Should read the game threads when Ben got hurt last year 

“Finally, we have the QB of the future!”

Dipshit city"
big time dumb man
Nice b8 m8
Big troll
start Antwon Rose!
""
Fuck I love this dude
Big Ball Banner
If football doesn't work out for him he has a career in comedy
Absolutely fantastic. Someone clone him so we can always have one on the team lol
"Doctor: *struggling to get Banner to understand* 'Again, it wasn't because your testicles are so big we had to remove one in order to operate. Your injury was so severe your right testicle was severed and migrated down your left leg...'

Banner: Righty so big he covered the left flank! Classic!

Doctor: How much morphine did you give him?

Nurse: I dunno! Look at the size of him!"
RESIGN HIM PWEASE
This guy...
ROOOFL
so he’s testicular injured? nice should have a faster recover compared don’t know... with a knee
""
TIL Mark Barron plays por Denver now
If Garrett Bolles is out too expect Dupree to feast even more than he will
"So it all began in 2004 when I was 12 years old. My parents are separated so every other weekend, I spent with my father. He was close with his neighbors at the time who happened to have a cousin in town for the weekend. It just so happens, he worked for the Steelers doing media management at the time. Living in Kentucky, I wasn’t really into the NFL at the time but by the end of the weekend, that would change. He ended up sending me off with a care package before he left to back to Pittsburgh. I received a shirt, a game program and my very first terrible towel. I didn’t know what to make of it all at first but it had definitely spiked my interest. Before the start of the 2004 NFL season, I had purchased madden and started learning players names/coaches. I was hooked. Once Big Ben made his first career start and ended his rookie year with a 15-1 record, I knew it was destiny. 

The next year for Christmas, I had asked for nothing else but Steelers gear. Steelers everything. Well, my parents surprised me with tickets to a game as well as a Big Ben home jersey. The game was on Christmas Eve 2005 in Cleveland. I was ecstatic. My mom was going to take me and so I made sure she had plenty of black and gold to wear. We get to the game and head to our seats. She had no idea but she ended up buying tickets for the dawg pound from a season ticket holder. At the time, being 13 and a fresh Steelers fan, I had no idea what was about to happen. As soon as we took our seats we were booed and harassed. I didn’t let it stop me from waving my towel at every opportunity. Being one of the few towels in the whole stadium let alone the dawg pound, it wasn’t even halftime and I was covered in beer and silly string. We ended up getting new seats because my mom was fed up but before I left I made sure to flip off every fucking Browns fan I could. Oddly enough it was the same game James Harrison body slammed the fan who ran onto the field. Anyways, we won the game 41-0 before winning our fifth Super Bowl. There was never one second of that game that I wasn’t proud as hell. Next to University of Kentucky athletics (I cried when we drafted Bud and Benny) the Pittsburgh Steelers will forever hold a special place in my heart. Sorry for the long post!

Here We Go Steelers!!!!"
"HELL YES! Mom in the dawg pound in Black and Gold, LEGENDARY!"
"Great story. When I read the dawg pound part I actually said, “Oh no!” out loud. I’ve been to 3 or 4 games in Cleveland and I’ve always enjoyed how deflated the fans are by halftime."
That is a great fucking story!
Ive said it before and I’ll say it again. Fuck the browns.
"Never been to a game since I live in Northern Alberta, but I became a fan at about 12 or 13 when playing Tecmo with some buddies. I'd just read an article in SI about Barry Foster so I choose the Steelers. Destroyed my friends with Foster and that D. Been a fan since. I'd love to get down to Pittsburgh to see a game at some point."
""
I thought that was a Kordell jersey for a hot minute.
Gotta start em young!
[deleted]
""
Fear the beard!
Diesel Keisel... didn’t he come into St. Vincent’s on a tractor once?
"Love da Beard, got his 99 as my Game Day jersey to wear."
Still remember that beast of a pick 6
I still keep a pic of him on my phone I took for my father's work for a charity auction.... problem was it was taken 1 day after he shaved his beard.
Happy Birthday 🎉🎂🎁🎊🎈
""
Yes.
Nice
Sweet truck 🤙
""
"Let’s pour one out for the Broncos front office this week, who made it possible so we could trade up and get him 🙏"
"Last year, my girlfriend wasn't sold on the Bush. After a few months she began to falter and pled ""Don't you think it's time we trim the Bush?"" I gave her the eyes, you know, and bellowed ""Hell to the naw. To the naw, naw, naw."" The Bush was here to stay. It's been a year now. Needless to say, the Bush has flourished. ""Glorious"" she often muses as she runs her fingers through the thick tendrils. She loves the Bush."
Fuckin right he is.
"Now the question is, can we afford THE guy?"
You can definitely tell he comes from a football family with his dad and godfather. It shows in his technique while tackling. He may be one of the best players I've seen when it comes to the basic fundamentals of football.
"Such a great move to go up and get him.

Colbert making huge moves these last free years that are paying off in loads"
And that Broncos trade was robbery. Kevin Colbert is somehow still underrated.
About damn time. That’s what he was drafted for and he’s ready for that role
Let's assume Shazier didn't get hurt. Do you think they still would have made that move. I don't but man could you imagine having both Shazier and Bush.
""
"Middle shirt is L, other two are XL.  Right shirt is new.  Pm me if you want them, no charge."
"Ha, I had the far-left one when I was a kid. I can name all the players except the bald one behind Kevin Greene, anyone know who it is?"
Dude. The one on the left is a misprinted shirt from the 1994 AFC championship loss to the chargers. Where’d you get that?
Why does the one on the left say super bowl 29?
"Man, I totally forgot about those shirts from the 90’s with the big heads. I had one for every year of the Pen’s 90’s 3-peat!"
"'94 team was the best team Cowher ever had.  Too bad they choked and lost focus.  Cowher got too giddy and didn't regulate.  Oh well, he was young too."
I’ll take the middle bro
These are probably gone already right?
 I'll take the right one if still there.
"Left one available? I'll pay shipping :D. Fun fact, my dad had that exact shirt on the right. Cool to see it in sparkling new condition."
Any still left? If so I’m very interested!
"Man this bring back some memories. I started watching the Steelers that year cause I worked on a food line with a guy that got shot in the head in the first Iraq war which left him a little off. He would only talk about Steelers football and I would get stuck standing next to the guys for 8 hours a day. He had two shirts that looked the like the right and left.    I was a rams fan previously and then they took off to St. Louis so I adopted the Steelers to get  something to talk to this guy about.  Great memories! 

Thanks for sharing these out to the subreddit."
When should they start selling tickets for this game? Heard it'd be the first home game with fans.
Where exactly did you hear this lol
I heard they wouldn't have fans for the first two home games of the 2020 season. I guess I assumed that meant they would for the other home games but they may just reevaluate the situation after those first 2 home games. My mistake.
Please it's PA. Our Dictator Gov Wolf plans on keeping covid restrictions in place till he is dragged from Harrisburg.
""
"I kinda wish they wouldn't play renegade. It will definitely fall flat without fans there, and the song should only be associated with peak hype and energy. Imagine whenever the first game fans are back and the players hear it for the first time. Thats when Renegade would actually make an impact."
"I wonder if they will have gotten the digital delay under control yet for the video chat fan reactions. 

So many games I've seen where they cut to the fans at home, who are just sitting there watching without a reaction because of the delay and then just as they start to realize they scored it cuts back to the game. 

Honestly I prefer it without the pumped in noise and all that, really cool hearing the players on the field in the heat of it though I'm sure the NFL is trying to do all they can to cover up all the swearing and everything."
You shouldn't have to struggle to hear the announcers over poorly mixed and overly loud fake fan noise. Fox's games were really annoying last Sunday and I was glad that ESPN didn't do it on Monday night.
"I’m looking for a monster game from juju and a great game from diontae (not because I have him in fantasy or anything) I really want juju to be signed this year and I want diontae to look good, I feel as long as we have a good receiver cord, the defense stays playing like beasts and Ben plays at least fair we’re in this the whole year."
The Steelers should be used to the quiet since Steelers fans have treated Heinz field like a library since about 2012
""
Old news
Pleasantly surprised to see dangerfield in there.
"Weird, looking through the list of captains going back to 2008, Ben has it for every year other than 2010.  Was this after the motorcycle accident or was it something else?"
Wasn’t this announced weeks ago?
[deleted]
The Tebow OT loss will haunt me forever
You read that backwards. We’re 11-20-1
"No, we are 11-20-1"
"When our history plays theirs, this will be huge."
Reading is hard. We’re actually 11-20-1 against them.
But lost 6 of the last 8 against them.
"You got it backwards.  The Broncos are 20-11-1 against us.  
I went to every game in Denver (including preseason and playoffs) between 2006 and 2018 and it was hell for the most part.  (with the notable exceptions of winning the AFC Championship and beating Josh McDaniels' 6-1 team.)"
Deck the broncos they’re just yoncos
"I don't dislike Edmunds. I know he does his job pretty well for the most part but tends to struggle in coverage. That can definitely be worked on. 

But is it just me or does he play football like he doesn't have a mean bone in his body? I'm tired of watching him get dragged on every tackle he is involved in. I'm tired of watching him flail around and allowing the ball carrier to gain additional yardage after contact. I think Edmunds has a problem in his confidence and plays a little too soft. He has a problem between the ears. 

He isn't the technician and freak athlete that Minkah is. So you want to be a safety that compliments Minkah? Be feared. 

What I would give to see Edmunds knock somebody's block off. Just had to get that off my chest."
"I think Terrell is very raw and super athletic. He also gets the shitty end of the stick because of the defense that surrounds him. How hard is it to stand out on this incredible defense? How many teams would Terrell start for? How long did it take Bud to really come into his own? I agree he doesn't have great ball skills or that ""6th sense"" that we see guys like Minkah, Bush or Watt put on display. In my opinion he should play more dime backer.  He's essentially the same size as Shazier. (Shaz 6'1 229 vs Ed 6'1 216) I'd also love to see more of an in depth breakdown of where he's played and how he's done because I'm just not an expert."
"ah yes the number 1 skill in professional sports ""being mean"""
"I've never seen an issue with his on field attitude.  Seems to always play hard and also not afraid of collisions.  He could use an upgrade to his instincts and ball skills, but we all have issues/problems/weaknesses.  All of our DBs generally show great effort and willingness to throw their body around, except Sutton, IMO.  Sutton stands around a whole lot unless the play is targeted directly at him."
You people will whine about anything.
"Edmunds has always been a soft tackler, I don't see that changing. I don't think it's an attitude issue, I think it has more to do with the fact that his current tackling style works pretty damn well. He gets a hold of his guy and he drops his weight to drag him down. If it gets him down, it's fine by me, so I don't have an issue with it, but I do agree he hits pretty soft, especially considering he's over 200 pounds."
Edmunds is actually a very good tackler for his position. Asking him to blow people up is how tackles get missed for big yardage gains.
He’s a better athlete than minkah actually
"I honestly believe Conner wasn’t injured at all, he was benched for he antics. He was benched the rest of the game in pads but his helmet was taken and he looked bothered the rest of the game, and then this week he makes a miraculous recovery and participates full contact in practice? It all seems fishy"
What antics are you talking about? I figured it was precautionary and they didn’t feel the need to rush him back out if Snell looked good.
"I agree 100%, they gave Snell a few touches to see if he could fill in and he did well so they yanked Conner “due to injury”."
Benched for poor performance and behavior. This feel good story is unfortunately made of glass.
When he first came out I honestly thought we just benched him.
He seemed to get butthurt after his first two runs. Maybe he said something to the offensive line or a coach?
"If true I guess that's good. I mean, having seen Snell catching much, and Conner on third downs almost strictly sounds like a thing  of beauty"
""
"👀

“Questionable”, “not a leader”, “problem”, “out”, “burden” 9-15-19....

Other shoe says “leader”, “not done”, “tough”. 

The league is so, so fucked"
"Feels like at this point everyone on this team is playing like they've got something to prove. 

Offense wanting to bounce back after being down last season and prove that yes a bad quarterback will indeed impact every other position. 

Defense wanting to prove last season wasn't a fluke and generating turnovers like they did was more skill than luck.

Unless injuries get in the way again I wouldn't want to be on the other side of the ball against this team. 

Sleep tight Drew Lock, you got a long day starting bright and early tomorrow."
"Good. Let the anger run through you, Ben. 

Then shut every one of them up. 

Reality is to be created; not followed."
WHOS READY FOR TOMORROW!!!
Dope af
He’s winning mvp
As a Christian I love that our qb is a God loving leader
[removed]
""
This is the type of shit my dad shares with his friends on FB messenger
yoiks
Not saying Sutton is a bad WR just I would like to see this happen.
Then week 3 we line him up at DT so he can get more sacks than JJ Watt
Ben did not look comfortable after his run last week. I say probably not worth the risk haha
It would then become the Pennsylvania Special.
Nah. Jaylen Samuels touch pass to Ben lol
""
Looks like a good boy!
Hey! My parents have a black pittie makes Rooney 🖤💛
Rooney's ready for a bite of whatever snack you're holding to get her to sit still for the picture.
[deleted]
Sportsurge.net
Nflbite
Nflbite is usually better than sportsurge in my experience
Bro crackstreams
"If you have the steelers app, you can livestream the games for free from there. I just streamed the Giants game last week after searching like hell for a stream lol. Of course it was on my phone though, not sure if you were wanting to use something else though."
""
"It's a shame what happened to the killer B's. Bryant, Brown and Bell all had huuuuge potential. Bell and Brown were HoF bound"
Bell: I took a calculated risk but man am I bad at math.
"Everyone called Ben the bad guy, yet he’s the only one standing strong of the trio lol"
There’s a long list of “good” players that left The Steel City and wound up not doing very well...a few did ok but a majority didn’t pan out
"Our salary cap would 15Mil lighter, and we would'nt have gained *that* much by keeping him. I respect the player, fully understand what was his position, but certainly do not regret him."
"He saved us from ourselves.  Bad teams overpay for RB's and WR's.  Good teams pay up for QB, OL, and defense.

We are better today because he turned his nose up at the richest RB contract ever offered."
"He’ll be back. I see a simple deal at the deadline. I don’t buy the whole him and Gase being okay. They’ll want to be free of his contract, we’ll take it on this season but restructure to fit with cap now, but it’s still lower than what we offered. 

Maybe it won’t be this season, but he’ll be back. I don’t see this ending any other way for him."
"When a middle of the road sports news publication (sportsnaut) uses the headline ""Le’Veon Bell’s contract with the Jets is now an unmitigated disaster"", you know things didn't turn out well."
He hasn’t played for the Steelers in over 2 years.  It’s time to move on.
"Sometimes it may not be the individual that's making themselves look good, but the team around them.  So it's not surprising when they go to a shittier team and end up lookong like shit and magically their backup on their old team suddenly looks good."
[deleted]
That sub got moved to a site called nflbite
[deleted]
Wow...my childhood heroes are getting old...makes me sad.
Every time i see a commercial with Troy Polamalu I tear up. Miss that guy so much. Loved watching him play back when I was in middle school. I’m 20 now. But god back then the games were really good. It sucks when these guys retire you never hear about them only to see them in a commercial and you have a childhood flashback of watching them play. The day Ben retires I’m going to be in complete tears.
"Yeah, my Mom dated him when she was in college.

... Dad fucking HATES it when I bring it up, no lie."
Is there a replacement for r/NFLstreams?
Bilasport
Sportsurge.net
Nflbite.com
[deleted]
You expecting another dominant performance by the front 7? From what I saw In  the first game Drew was on the run a lot. He made some good throws but I believe our secondary is much better than the Titans. I think this could be a big turn over game for the steelers where they get 2-3 ints.
"They've got an actual offensive line plus Munchak coaching them so they should have a decent showing on that front. Our defensive line is definitely going to be more dominant but I doubt we'll stuff the run quite like we did on Monday evening. 

Attack the run, force Drew Lock into the air, and let our secondary feast."
They have Mike Munchack
"The Broncos O-line is miles better than the Giants, but not top teir. The real big thing today is that they have their starting RB out, as well as 2 of their top 4 wrs Questionable(Sutton their #1, and Cleveland their #4). Gordon, their 2nd rb, honestly had lot better of a game last week, so their run game may not lose much of a step aside from giving Gordon a spell. Depending on if Sutton can play or not that will completely change the game. That will probably make Lock almost stare down Fant and Jeudy, as they will be his big options left in the game. Their Tackle Bolles is also questionable, but it has been said that he is for sure going to play. As long as we key in on Fant, who seems to be Locks favorite target for the most part, we should do well in the pass attack."
Not as trash but still pretty trash
Their starting right tackle opted out so that could be a spot to exploit. Otherwise their line is probably about average.
"Better for sure, but still not great. Definitely expect similar pressure/run stop"
"To me the biggest difference will be at RB. Saquon was the key to the Giants offense, so the DC went all in on taking him out, as evidenced by Tomlin saying they put the DBs in a tougher spot.  

This week I don't think the Broncos have a back like that (but I could be wrong). So I anticipate a more balanced defense with more pass rushing and pass conscious game planning."
""
Dionte? Not so much... I would like to see Claypool get a few more targets this week.
""
"As a fantasy owner, this is a nightmare...as a Steelers fan, this is some stud muffin battering ram fuck it chuck it motherFUCKING STEELER SUPERBOWL FOOTBALL LET'S FUCKING GOOOO"
He’s gonna be the workhorse by the end of the season
"I'd actually be gobsmacked if they split. Such a philosophy switch. Not even against it, I would just be surprised."
I think Conner might lose his spot
"I'll believe Mike Tomlin splits carries among his RBs when I see it. We've heard this before.


edit: 

Final tally:

* Conner - 16 rushes
* Snell - 3 rushes"
"This is Conner's prove-it game for me. Not week 1. If he isn't similar/better than Snell today, he shouldn't be starting in Week 3."
"With the roster we have and Connor's injury history, RBBC should have been a given this year."
"Tomlin always has a workhorse back, I’m sure Conner will come in for some downs but if Snell wins the job he’ll get a majority of the work"
"If Snell comes out hot again just keep giving him the ball.

Make them respect the run came before they fear the air attack."
Liar
It’s best for the team if both guys play! That way nobody is worked into the ground for the playoff push.
"Hmm should I start Benny and hope he gets the majority of the carries, or not because conner has his last chance to fight for the job. 11 points last week was great, but I'm pretty sure that were going to be attacking the Broncos secondary primarily."
Is Connor playing today? Was he on the injury report?
Trade conner before the deadline. Quit wasting time with him.
What an idiot
""
That’s all I hear at work and I’m so tired of it.
"Facebook and IG are some of the absolute worst part of our fanbases. I dint used FB anymore so i don’t know how bad it is at this point, but we could literally win 100- 7 and you would still find some dumbass saying “FiRe ToMlIn”"
"Exact same category as these cunts..

""I'm boycotting the NFL"" 

continues to post on nfl related social media"
Western PA isn't the most progressive area of the world.  Prob why Tomlin gets so much hate
With how many empty seats I see at Heinz every time I go I have a feeling most of these people half-assed supported them anyway
"lots of steeler fans are racist, just because someone likes the same team as you doesnt make them a good person."
I'm fucking proud of them for making a stand.  Fuck the racists.
I love when people go off about that and claim disrespect to the troops. Then I tell them I’m a veteran and they go full confused. I live in westmoreland county and there are still many people who have a problem with us having a black coach.
"They only play the anthem to boost patriotism and to help promote the war machine. The whole tradition sucks, I couldn’t imagine being racist enough to get mad at people for wanting equal human rights."
And it's always people who never watched the NFL in the first place
It’s actually mortifying how people are thought of in the abstract
"Weed out the herd, good."
Bye then. We don't need you
"My answer to these people: Great.  I still like having fun, but you do you."
My dad won't even turnt the game on until after the anthem(s)
Get off Facebook.
"i honestly just want identity politics and ideologies out of sports. i personally do t support the kneeling, but i don’t give af about what others do.  football is mine, and many people escape from politics. just want them to keep the two things separate. entertainment is supposed to be fun, not serious. i’m still gonna watch the games bc i need football."
"Most of my ""not racist"" immediate family simply wants Tomlin fired after every win of less than 20 points, and wants the Rooneys to sell the team after every loss (because they invented the rule that enabled Tomlin's hiring.)  Facebook is fun!"
"As if any of those racists or small minded people are real steelers fans and arent ""football!!! fuck yeah"" type of fans."
"I don’t get the analogy...but ok...

BTW? That cartoon made me uncomfortable...imagine being the dude in the gold Hoodie...."
"I'm sorry that some people used a social media platform to express an opinion that's different from yours. You are truly oppressed. I pray that one day we will have a great leader that will suppress all the voices you don't agree with.

You can take my upvote though; at least this wasn't a picture of a dog, cat, or newborn baby sporting steelers gear to mask the post's glaring irrelevance."
"Fuck em. Politics need to come out of sports, even the anthem. At least they weren’t kneeling."
"Nobody should give a FUCK what Nazi-scum have to think or say about the Steelers. 
However, who still does a Facebook?"
"I'm not watching a Steelers game until they removed their Marxist support.

Good thing is that some players have stopped supporting criminals."
"I don’t like them doing that, but hell, football is football"
"To be honest, I see more people complaining about people complaining. I really don’t see anyone say anything about it. It is annoying that a lot of athletes ( especially in the nba) go on and on like they give a rats ass about anything but their money. But the steelers handle it a lot better than most thankfully. I usually see things like this where people try to say someone’s an asshole or an idiot for sharing an opinion about sports being politicized. Personally I don’t like it, but I’m not gonna call you names because I don’t agree with you"
""
Nice.  Somewhat underrated player.
Is there a place on the I heart radio app that I can listen to the game?
"I think it only works if you're in the Pittsburgh area or use a VPN, but I'm not sure. I would try the WDVE stream on iheartradio."
Steeler Nation app.
Tbh I have listened through the Steelers app when I have had to listen. If you can’t get the app our main web site had game day radio.
Yes but you have to be in the area. You could probably use a GPS spoofing app on your phone if you're not in the Pittsburgh area. I believe you can go to the SNR station on iHeartRadio
"Nah... since iHeart bought WDVE they fucked us over. I use the app when I have to but don’t let it use location if on an iPhone or it will fuck you as well.

Just sayin."
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/iwfm4q)"
I go to a website I know that streams every game on the planet free. If it’s not available
Sportssurge
"Well...if I was out of market, I would subscribe to Sunday Ticket...or, If my internet speed was faster, I would stream the game. So no...I would stay at home and watch it. I have to wear a mask 8 hours a day at work, and I choose to wear a mask when I am in stores or if I happen to find myself in a crowd(which I avoid).

I am 55 years old, just four years away from retirement. I don’t want to catch this shit, and I wear my mask to let others know that I got their back. Too bad so few have mine."
"I live in Atlanta. Usually I'll go to a friend's house who has Sunday Ticket. This season, I'm contemplating whether I want to pay 80 bucks for the college steaming version of Sunday Ticket just to watch the Steelers lol. 

I have Redzone. I have GamePass. 

Is it worth the money for a handful of 1 PM games live? Idk. 

I may just do a, cough cough, stream today and see how it fares."
"Bartender in Cleveland. Currently have the sound on and ready for kickoff. 

I don't start getting customers until late afternoon so I should be able to get the whole game in."
Hell to the no. Don’t. You can watch the recap on YouTube minutes after the game is over. Don’t be stupid
""
What is happening here?
"#Denver Broncos at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:39|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Broncos|0|3|11|7|21|
|Steelers *|7|10|0|9|26|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|TD|1|(4:27) J.Conner up the middle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|1|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|DEN|FG|2|(12:11) B.McManus 49 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|
|PIT|TD|2|(6:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep left to C.Claypool for 84 yards, TOUCHDOWN [A.Johnson].
The Replay Official reviewed the runner was inbounds ruling, and the play was Upheld. The ruling on the field was confirmed.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|FG|2|(:42) C.Boswell 21 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|DEN|FG|3|(8:03) B.McManus 28 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|
|DEN|TD|3|(1:11) (Shotgun) J.Driskel pass deep left to N.Fant for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DEN|PAT2|3|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. J.Driskel pass to N.Fant is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|
|PIT|TD|4|(11:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to D.Johnson for 28 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|SFTY|4|(10:07) (Punt formation) S.Martin FUMBLES (Aborted) at DEN -1, and recovers at DEN -2. S.Martin tackled in End Zone, SAFETY (D.Watt).|
|DEN|TD|4|(7:50) (No Huddle, Shotgun) J.Driskel pass deep right to M.Gordon for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DEN|PAT|4|B.McManus extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 10 | 89 | 109 | 301 | 19 |
| Broncos | 4 | 30 | 104 | 215 | 23 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iwleqi/post_game_thread_denver_broncos_at_pittsburgh/)
Idk about you guys but I am rooting for the Steelers
TJ just moved into 10th place in all time Steelers sacks. He’s 25.
So his first career catch is a 40 yard toe drag in double coverage and his first TD is an 84 yard bomb
"To the untrained eye that looked like a mistake...


Bump into your own guy to get that slingshot redirect.


We're watching 4D return chess here"
Juju has looked so good these first two games. He’s really slamming people for yards after contact.
GOOD LUCK STEEL BROS
God damn odriscols
Claypool is consistently the first to the ball on punts. Dude's fast fast.
I thought I was having a stroke.
"Refs: were gonna overturn this punt return

Ruthlessburger: Hold my beer"
Claypool is gonna be something 🙏🏻
"Ben's arm = ok


Defense curtain = steel


Chase = take it how you want I am here


Afc north = fucked"
"I must admit I’m fucking fired up. Wife making chili, still a bit drunk and it feels like fall outside. It’s 11:00 and I’m cracking a beer, smelling my Yankee pumpkin candle about to fuck up some Broncos. Love football Sundays. Let’s go boys!!!"
TJ and Bud continuing their campaign as best edge duo in football
"Damn JuJu, that was a grown man run."
If you don’t like runs up the middle on 2nd and 20 you don’t like Randy Fichtner football.
"#5 Sacks

#1 Int

#1 Fumble"
2 times we stopped them on third down and the refs are like nah we need the steelers to lose fuck off
"Diontae Johnson makes so many big plays, and most of them even are for the Steelers."
Imagine passing on TJ Watt in the first
It’s called bend don’t break boys haha brb I’m gonna go have a heart attack
This fake crowd noise is really throwing me off. I was expecting a flag after that 3rd down stop because of the crowd noise.
"Two special teams tackles in a row for Claypool, you know MT is already sold lol"
Am I having a stroke?
"No reason we should only be up 3. Broncos are busted tf up and we are making horrible mistakes


Doesn’t help that the refs are really only getting us flag wise."
"Swear if Denver ask for a flag, they get it"
"TJ Watt moved into 10th place on the Steelers all-time sack list, since the stat became official in 1982. 

He has 36 in his 4 year career and hes 25"
Surprised they didn'y call P.I. again for shits and giggles as they've done all game
6 first downs given up via penalties. I want to vomit
That snell fumble was a killer. We had em down and ready for the kill shot.
Vance not being ready for a ball thrown right at him killed that drive. How brutal is that lol
I can't help but say God damn O'Driscoll now.. red dead has ingrained that in me
"that one's my fault guys, I started to feel comfortable for a minute my bad"
Lock got smacked holy shit
"longest catches by a rookie in Steelers history 

1. JuJu Smith-Schuster: 97 (2017)

2. Martavis Bryant: 94 (2014)

3. Dave Smith: 87 (1970)

T-4. Chase Claypool: 84 (2020)

T-4. Charles Johnson: 84 (1994)"
REMIX!
"So anyways, Dupree would put on a white tie and tails and walk his pet cobra through the park on a leash. He named the cobra “Beverly”. And he taught it how to fetch and dial a phone. But then one day, it bit the maid. So with tears in his eyes, Dupree had to shoot the maid."
Steelers: I’ll fookin do it again!
Don't we get the ball after the half? 2 possession lead is fine going into half time
"'If you don't you're gonna get your quarterback killed.'

You mean your backup quarterback, the first one is dead and gone as far as this game is concerned."
This won't cut it against good teams that aren't hobbled by injuries
Ohhhh so that’s why Tomlin wasn’t putting in Snell
They've scored 14 points off bs calls
Nice beat there. Someone dubstep it
If driskel gets hurt Denver has Royce freeman playing QB. The only problem with that is Royce freeman is a RB lol
He no way made contact with his helmet!
Wide Receiver Factory
Jesus Christ this kid's sideline ability is fucking ridiculous.
Fuck that was a dime.
"If this defense doesn't make your dick hard, you're either dead or don't have a dick..."
the ref had his hand by the flag and just said nah nevermind
"Was that play call ""Pringle Monday""? Haha"
The Steelers have just scored from the Heinz Red Zone. You too can score big with Heinz thick and rich ketchup at your local Giant Eagle
Lmao Conner and Edmunds playing well people on here must be pissed hah
[deleted]
Ben will tie Iron Mike Webster as all time franchise leader in regular season games played with 220 today.
Claypool for pro bowl special teams
Diontae can’t stop messing up on every first play 😂😂
Boswell's extra point is good? Looked fucking great to me.
"I wanna see more McFarland, Claypool, and Ebron"
"No one:


Backup QBs playing the Steelers: you know what, I'm going to eat my wheaties this morning."
i like how the ref was in the line of sight of claypools foot lol
"Lol IDIOTS trying to kick a 58 yard fg here. 

Thanks for the field position!"
"58 yarder at Heinz field

Laughin_jordan.bmp"
That's just a bad play call on 3rd & 2
What % of PI calls are being made 2-3 seconds  after the team with the ball starts crying?
"fucking joke of a game

standard Steelers keeping a lesser team in the game"
Time for a referee first down
"I feel like our offense would be way more effective if the strategy every god damn drive wasn't run, run, pass."
I miss the first half
I blame all of y’all calling for Benny Snell to be the RB1 we lock this game up if he doesn’t fumble
"Now THAT'S Steelers football.

Unnecessarily stressful and ruinous on both my heart and liver."
Y’all need to stop saying “chill” we are getting fucking shredded by a backup QB and it looks like we STILL play down to competition. This is definitely a coaching issue.
"It feels so good to wake up on a Sunday morning, make a coffee, toss on my steelers gear, and feel so happy knowing in a few short hours steeler football will be on the TV again. HERE WE GO."
That was attempt at murder
"""Juju shu-

Juju smi-

Jushu- 

The kid with the cereal"""
Hey was that Edmunds breaking on a pass before its made? You love to see it
That punt 🤢
That reaction was like a golfer hitting a bad wedge from 60 yards lmao
McDonald killed that drive.
FUCKING MAPLETRON LETS FUCKING GET IT
Ben just letting everyone know he can still throw a pretty deep ball
Just realized... that was back to back 80+ plays counting the called back punt return.
How dare they try a 58 yarder in Heinz Field
Attempting a 58-yard FG at Heinz Field? Bold strategy Cotton
“4th and social distancing”.  Well played
We still up 2 tds. Y’all gotta chill
"Big Ben is 11/18, 188 yards, 1 TD, with a QBR of 115.  That's a pretty good half!  Looking forward to the second half."
"There's the weekly ""what the actual fuck were you thinking"" throw from Ben"
idk man the ref was literally staring at the dude and didn't throw a flag LMFAO idk what to say
how is that not called???
8 penalties for 63 yards. seems like more than the offense has done this half.
Damn man I should have started the refs today in fantasy
That 4th and 2 looks real dumb right now
[deleted]
"The real problem with this offense really is the occasionally stupid playcalling. We stall our own drives with inexplicably stupid cutsey calls, be it stupid screens  or whatever."
Juju would be my favorite player even if he wasn't on the Steelers I'm so glad we got him.
Johnson determined as hell to get another punt return for a touchdown after getting fucked out of that last one.
What emotions are we supposed to be feeling? Can’t even be excited for more than a minute.
"well we wanted to see snell, 2 fumbles in two games lol"
"Fumbles


Fire Mike Sullivan"
....but but but this sub told me Snell was a god.  Guess I'll just have to trust the coaching staff
THESE REFS ARE ACTUAL HORSESHIT
Fucking bullshit!!
they've called no PI on Denver and like 4 on Pit
Refs are fucking us here. Bush did nothing
Fuck. The. Refs.
LMFAO OKAY DON'T MAKE IT TOO OBVIOUS REFS
Remember when it was 17-3
Defense hasn’t had a sack in a while
Every single time the Broncos ask for a call they get it. Unreal.
Refs hate us. They wouldn't give us this if he had his whole heel in the white
Is it just me or have the Steelers been on defense for 95% of this half
Edmunds haters are in shambles
"People freaking out over nothing.

The only reason Denver was in the game was due to penalties. That's literally it. If they clean those up Denver maybe scores 10 points."
Claypool and Ben broke that man's spirit
Looking for a big game from Ebron today. I wanna see Ben utilize him in the redzone.
"Unconventional return strategy, but ok."
"OK I'm not very confident in DJ in punt return

he caught that ball out in front, was swinging that ball all around while running"
"How the fuck did DJ run into his own guy, shake that many defenders, and manage to pickup something on what was supposed to be nothing?"
Minkah interception coming up
"Lock just got smashed, oof."
Changed my mind. TJ and Bud need to stay together
I swear... Having Ben back... It's feels soooooooo good.
Please keep juju man. I'm hoping he isnt asking for to much
I’m old enough to remember when bud was bad and we hated him
Good play Edmunds.
Edmunds helped break up a pass. Super Bowl confirmed.
These fake crowd noises are really annoying
"Great coverage by Edmunds...

Bud is playing at an all pro level, Edmunds getting audible praise for his coverage... this is weird"
"Bud Dupree is looking very, very fucking good"
WTF?!?! an announcer just glitched the fuck out!
They got there on the corner
That's inexcusable on vance he's gotta be ready for that shit
I want Ben to let loose on a deep ball so bad im waiting for it
Bush laid the wood. I thought it was going to be helmet to helmet after first seeing it but that was into the rib cage.
MAPLETRON 🍁
Claypool giving me vintage Martavis Bryant warm feelings
Take our punt return td from us. Ben- hold my beer right quick.
Thank God that ref is thicc
"If Ben's arm is going to be this strong, then I wonder how many years he can actually play."
"Surprised they even attempted that, longest fg in Heinz history is only 53 yards"
Holder earned his money
"Up 17-3 at the half, this sub:

&#x200B;

\-Why does conner slow down at the line only to get stuffed. So tired of it

\-Fucking embarrassing. We should be able to get that in on the 4 with ease. Randy is a MORON

\-GO FOR IT YOU COWARD!!!

\-Wimping out with this playcalling and fg.

\-Randy Fichtner has been fine this season but he really screwed the pooch these last 2 drives

\-Pussy football. Be aggressive"
I'm cool with that. Our d looking like Cobra Kai is so erotic
Been keeping an eye on Dotson and he looks awesome. We’re looking at our starting G next year I would guess
Goddamn you guys are the modern steel curtains
Watt with 2.5 sacks today
Holy shit that kinda looked like pass interference
I'd like to see Ebron film there. He seemed pissssssed
C'mon Hilton. You gotta freeze midair after the QB throws the ball!
what the fuck is the deal with this team
we should be crushing these guys
Put this fucking game away. If they expect to make the playoffs they can't lose at home to shitty ass Denver.
Juju is too pure for this world
"Randy,


See what happens when you let Ben do Ben Things?   When you let Ben Ben,  his Benning is the Benniest Benning  ever to have been Benned.

Let Ben Ben."
"Man, I look forward to the day I go to my first Steelers game in Pitt"
PUNTER WAS SEEING GHOSTS
these are the times i miss bell
"Steelers everytime they get a comfortable lead : *""Oh no seems to me I've fumbled the ball would you look at that?""*"
Not even close to PI
These Steelers aren't looking as super bowl ready as I thought. If you can't put a team of second string broncos to bed idk what to say
“Super bowl defense” getting blown up by Jeff Driskel
Gotta love a drive being kept alive by penalties. This offense is also fucking the defense up
So at this point we're like 100% sure the refs are fixing the game right??!? I mean WTF!!!!
Six fucking first downs by penalty. That’s the whole fucking story.
Can't wait for the bad PI call soon
"The way this is going, we'll hold them on 3rd but get some lame penalty. It's what we seem to do."
"PLEASE JUST WIN. I'LL TAKE EVERYTHING BACK THAT I SAID, JUST FUCKING WIN"
Good run by Conner but my god did it look so slow lol.
we were up 17-3.. 2nd string qb... idk what to say.
Johnson is so talented but he has the fundamentals of a pool noodle. Still a good player though.
Diontae Johnson has seven fumbles in 18 career games.
That run is the connor we are used to
JUJU 💪💪
JUJU ARM STRENGTH 99
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE THROW THE BALL ON EARLY DOWNS! YES RANDY
Bummer for Lock
EDMONDS IS ALWAYS IN POSITION
Holy hell that was a great fucking play by Hilton wtf
He knew he fucked that too
they got there on the corner
"Out there on the corner, indeed"
They got there...on the corner
Egg out there in the corner!
Big out there on the corner?
They got there on the corner
Did they get there on the corner or no?
"Dolphins fan here. Cbs has technical difficulties broadcasting our game and then we see ""they got there on the corner lol"" 7 times

Cbs what's up? Lol"
"Flipped field position anyway. Sack, fumble, touchdown time."
Our offensive line leaves much to be desired.
So. Many. Drops 😤
Haha we'll just take the 80 yards on a bomb by Ben then!
Mapletron is an AB-tier push-off artist in his 2nd game and it's amazing
"As a Steelers fan from Canada, I couldn’t be more happy for this kid!!!!! Let’s goo!!!!!!🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦"
My god Alualu is a fucking BEAST
58 yard at heinz lmao. This isn't Mile high you fools
Way to squander terrific field position because of brain dead play calls Randy
"Conner, then Conner, then Conner again! Every play is Conner! We have so much other talent, why do 75% of our plays end with Conner touching the ball?"
Randy Fichtner has been fine this season but he really screwed the pooch these last 2 drives
Something about seeing Dallas about to go 0-2 just warms my heart
"This isn’t directly Steelers related but geez, everyone is going down in the games. Bosa, Barkley, Lock, Garapollo"
This is what fucking happens when you run dumbass plays on first and second down
"People are complaining about Ben's int, ant not that we called another obvious screen play on 2nd and long."
"'You cannot take a sack on first and goal.'

*Driskel has entered chat*"
D bailed ben out
This defense makes me feel things
I wanna see some fast paced no huddle offense right now
"No kid with a financial advisor for a parent thinks of their parent's job like that. 

Climb out your own ass AIG."
God damn give juju some looks my fantasy team is struggling lol
What happened to snell?
"Fuck, was that our longest drive? 

another note, I appreciate Ebron’s enthusiasm lol."
call that but not the way more egregious hold on ebron??
Why is ficthner employed by our team
"Ok not mad they scored.



I'm mad that I know our backup QB's cannot put a drive together like that"
we deserve this for playing so conservatively on offense
The offense needs to open up the playbook here and play inspired or this team is heading to a L
Fuck these refs.
Finchtner is so bad. It’s like he went back to bed at halftime
Games against Denver somehow are always the most frustrating
Defensive penalties kept that drive alive for Denver.
Randy is about to go into some form of offense that he thinks is going to bleed 15 min off the clock
"Steelers and playing down to teams, name a more iconic duo"
more penalty yards than offensive yards this half. always a method for success.
jesus. pittsburgh is sloppier than a $2 hooker right now.
"Juju last week: Saves fumble
Juju this week: Catches tipped ball"
Heart attacks. This team gives me heart attacks
That shovel pass has got to be the most predictable play in our playbook
"Wait, so you're saying we can move down the field when we don't call screens every play?"
That was good movement from Dotson as well to keep Ben covered.
Yall better treat snell the same way you treat connor after he fumbles
Steelers just can't put a team to bed lol. What is this
This game is weird man
CoNnEr sUcKs
"so 2 fumbles, 2-10 on third downs, an interception and a turnover on downs. come the fuck on offense."
I feel like Charlie Brown. Every time I get too happy something bad happens.
Bullshit PI
The holding is so nuts against TJ tho fr
It's hard not to feel like you're getting fucked when this keeps happening. But that one throw to ebron where his arm was grabbed wasn't a penalty lmao
"Steelers defense has not yet allowed a touchdown on a drive that didnt feature a short field, a 3rd down penalty to keep the drive alive, or both."
And now we're in classic panic mode in r/steelers
Remember when our offense would just blow teams out of the water? I miss that.
Not a bad call to challenge. Not because of it actually getting overturned. No chance. But at least gives the defense a breather.
Refs waiting 20 seconds to throw each PI flag
"It's totally justified to be pissed at this point, right?"
"> If you hang around with Gene Stenatore enough a slice of green means something different


I.... is Stenatore a massive pothead? Does he like to make it rain? What do you mean, I need to know"
I have lost any amount of confidence that I had in this team today. There is no excuse to play this poorly against a bad team. What a fucking joke.
"It's not so much that the refs are gonna call ticky tack calls like that on our D, it's the fact that we have not gotten a single call like that our way on a 3rd down."
Why does this feel like a guaranteed loss?
"Boy, kicking that field goal is looking worse and worse."
Best play of Edmunds career
They never expected the Edmunds blitz lol
Fuck Edmunds haters
Derrick deserves a touch after that block
"Only 2 heart attacks this game, so we good"
Juju has got to have 95+ awareness in Madden
Randy Fichtner sucks. Let Ben run the offense. That third down play call was pathetic
"I know this will get me in trouble with the mods, I apologize in advance:

MOTHERFUCK ALL OF YOU FUCKING DOOMSAYERS, NAYSAYERS, AND ESPECIALLY IDIOTS THAT COULDNT UNDERSTAND THE VALUE OF A THREE MINUTE BREAK ON A CHALLENGE THAT WOULD REJUVENATE A TIRED D."
Is the power spike guy still around ?
"delayed LB blitz

Bush is fast"
I love our defense
DUPREE IS A MONSTER
PAY THAT FUCKING MAN
TJ and Bud are a ferocious combo at OLB. Wish we could keep them together.
I love when Watt and Bud bail out the entire D
"Don’t discount the scoop there too, great play"
PAY HIM
His name is not that fucking hard
Juju smust sister!!! Smeeth shooter!! Smu shutter! Smith Schuster!
Juju with that mean stiffarm
"As a Snell fantasy owner, I’m both elated and devastated"
"Great drive there capped off by the Connor TD 

Im thinking we back y'all"
Feel bad for Lock
Minkah is such a sound tackler.
"Tackles for a loss, my favorite."
Red Dead makes me wish his last name was O'Driskel so I can talk shit on him in my best Arthur Morgan voice.
Edmunds almost had that pick.
They missed the face mask
Dumb drive
Are we not allowed to have a serviceable punter?
Colquitt was not happy about that.
Bills fan here in peace! You guys are legit this year. I love watching your defense.
"This game has literally just been showcasing our soon to be free agents lol, Hilton, Juju, Bud uuuugh"
"Alright, they had great field position and only got 3 out of it. Quit fucking around put these donkeys away!"
Mike Hilton looks great
anybody else notice that Hilton forced a clear fumble?
Hang out there on the corner
That audio tho
Gannonbot2020.exe has stopped working
"'Drew Lock ruled out.'

We broke him. Godspeed Driskel."
2 knockdowns in a row...wtf
Just wait for 2 minute drill Ben thats the real Ben
I can’t believe he hung on to that. Hopefully he’s alright.
lol shut the fuck up Steratore
R u fucking kidding me Sutton
Hes like fuck I ran all this for nothing
Don't put your hands up!
Why does our special teams coach STILL have a job?
Maple syrup just came out of my weiner hole
Unbelievable shot. Ballsy after the punt return. Fucking love it!!
Martavis Bryant vibes with hopefully a better head on his shoulders.
Dropping dimes on that secondary
"I'm out of the loop, why is he Mapletron?"
"MAPLETRONNNN, two nice special teams tackles and an insane catch and run? What a beast!!!"
What a signing alualu has been
Why would you kick that lmao
it’s so nice getting to watch a good defense. i remember when our defense used to be terrible and i’d dread watching them coming out on the field. different story now.
Is it just me or is every throw by Driskel an absolute piss missile
"Thanks for the good field position, dumbass who called the field goal for Broncos"
Come the fuck on. Lets not start this conservative bullshit
Have the broncos been called for a penalty yet?
2nd and long? You can BET ON that draw.
ℝ𝔸ℕ𝔻𝕐 𝔽𝕀ℂℍ𝕋ℕ𝔼ℝ
Why can’t we throw for the first down ever? What is this garbage. Offense is like we had the backup in.
"Haden baby!! This defense fucks!!!

Two minute drill to score before the half again? Sign me the fuck up!"
"#4 SACKS

#1 INTERCEPTION

#1 FUMBLE"
"we deserve this, we came from an Antwon Blake and Artie Burns defense to this"
"When we are in the red zone like this, why not have Benny?!"
"Totally fine with taking the points. If we went for it and missed, you all would have been pissed and asking why didn't we go for the FG."
I think we might break that sack record this year.
TJ just passed Kevin Greene and Lawrence Timmons on the Steelers sack list
These officials man lmao
That is not a good call at all
This is looking a lot like the sb 43 team defense. It’s a long season but I’m getting some flashbacks here
WTF ARE WE DOING LOL
It’s like the longer the 3rd down yardage the more likely defense is to give it up to the other team. I love this defense but they are so infuriating at times.
TJ Watt doing all he can out there.
"Edmunds is going well today, I give him credit"
Our offense gotta do something
*That's* your fucking 3rd and 2 call? Christ.
Awful play
Fichtner is ass
Are we in the twightlight zone
Where the fuck is that penalty call
That was for sure holding and or pass interference that the refs just ignored there but okay
To those who keep asking why this board is acting like we're losing... its shit play calling like that.  We should have \~28 points.  At least another score or two... but its like we are trying to outsmart them with high risk low yardage plays when basic playcalling with our talent would work.
Offense needs to get their shit together. They have weapons but are not performing at the level they should be.
"Oh, so the refs do you what PI is. How about calling it both ways."
Holding not called again.
we're struggling against a backup quarterback.. idk what to say honestly
Ahh! Here’s the Steelers I know! Let a dead team come back to life!
Why is their backup QB driving against our defense better than Ben drives against their defense
Let Ben call the plays plz
Damn boys it's just a touchdown and y'all wanna shit on the whole day...
Ebron is catching passes now. Time to win.
Steelers playing to not lose rather than playing to win
Was ready to explode if we didn't get that
Really hope we score here. Not happy with how the lead evaporated
Conner got something out of a play that was gonna be a whole lot of nothing.
imagine if the steelers didn’t play so sparingly
Godamnit a fucking spider just fell from the ceiling onto my eyelash...that was delicate process
That's classic right Ben there.
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LET BEN THROW
That drive was the make or break drive. Proud of the offense
Who needs a crazy ass Antonio Brown when ya have a young Dionte Johnson???
Ben is weird man
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU LET BEN THROW
"What you guys thinking of our o-line? 

Seems pretty good right now. Obviously Broncos are decimated with injuries but I’m happy."
I am feeling a Watt strip sack this next drive.
"Man, fuck Denver. Put this fucking game away. We've let those shitheads hang around long enough."
"Oh yeah, that's why Snell is not the starter"
Ok our RBs are officially an issue.
Just when you thought we were in cruise control.... we make it into a game!
"Snell fumbled last week too, damn"
Where's the PI?
Horrid call
refs literally have denver's dick in their throats
Jesus Christ everytime we break something up there’s a late flag
These refs have been so flag happy on PI calls
Damn our secondary is getting torched. And when they’re not getting torched they’re shooting themselves in the foot
"edmunds giving up his 9th first down in two weeks.   
name a worse duo."
We’re fine lmao chill yall
how does he not catch that
Got a feeling we're going to blow this game. Wtf is this second half showing. Looks like last year's team without a defense.
If we can't ice a game with a run game then this year is going to be rough
"""Pack it up boys, seasons over.""

- All fairweather fans now"
"When them stiller's go 3 and out I think them stillers are a bunch of bums



When them stillers get a first down I think them stillers are going to the super bowl"
Hilton has been our entire secondary today
Another late PI called by the Broncos bench. Wasn’t even catchable.
Yet another phony PI call
"Refs putting on amateur hour.

Steelers D giving up a ton in 4th quarter

Tomlin challenging obvious calls and using up a timeout we might need.

Some things never change."
Absolute choke job
We're gonna blow it aren't we
Everyone queue up Renegade.
Have the broncos had a holding penalty at all today?
Broncos just ran the ball to drain the clock because they're confident that they'll score on this defense.
I don't think we're gonna see the ball again. We have to stop a TD.
they can never make it easy for us fans.
Can we go back to the first quarter please?
"Yep this game is shaving years of my life, and its only week 2"
"Oh Mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law"
Fitzpatrick has been awful today
this commerical break is like 9 hours
It didn't really feel like football was back until we attempted to inexplicably lose to a bad team and spiked my blood pressure
Hey they used the Fullback it's a miracle.
Connor is my new best friend
The thing with Edmunds is that he is still a good player. Its just that he is probably the worst player in our secondary so he gets targeted a lot.  Says a lot about or secondary of he is the weakest link
Aww man the Pittsburgh Dad recap is going to be FANTASTIC
What the FUCK was that reffing and how is that allowed to happen?
fuck these trump ads. 10.6 million jobs created eh? how about the 43 million that were lost. god he is a sack of fucking shit. i hope someone takes him out.
"People who get mad at extreme hot takes in a game thread crack me up, this is literally a place to vent and bitch among friendlies"
"BEN LOST US THIS GAME!

THIS JOHNSON GUY SUCKS BENCH HIM!

Lol some of you guys need to relax. Idk how you enjoy these games"
sports
"I’m confused... how are you people complaining? I don’t care who we’re playing, I will always be satisfied with a 14 point lead at halftime"
Is this Fichtner's newly devised Prevent Offense?
"This is a Steelers game if I’ve ever seen one.  Letting bad teams hang around, playing a weak zone to give up a ton of yards, and a tomlin challenge lol 🤦‍♂️"
Here from r/raiders MURDER THOSE DONKEYS
Guess they’re gonna call Haden for PI every game this year
I swore Benny Hill was playing during that return
A collision and he still gets close to the 20. What on earth was that return?
"Man, Diontae running into Cam Sutton...but at least they got something out of it"
"Heels on the 10, Diontae"
Don’t run into own guy lol. Better than fumbling it I suppose
RUDOLPH STILL HAS HIS HELMET ON LMAO
Dotson is looking good in pass protection
"Run, run, pass to open it up. 

Come on Randy."
Chase Claypool again
Claypool is everywhere on special teams today
Claypool looking solid on ST
TJ Watt needs a sack.
In case anyone’s counting? 2 ST’s tackles for Claypool.
TJ blew through that lineman like he wasn't even there
God i wish there was a scenario they could keep Watt and Dupree
A pass on 1st down?! What is this?!?!
This defense is going to seriously wreck some QBs this year if they stay healthy themselves. After watching the Browns Bengals game I’m feeling sorry for Burrow having to play us twice.
Lots of players getting seriously hurt across the league...
"Well Denver, I think we can at least empathize with you about seeing your starting QB go down week 2"
"Announcer is right, juju struggled last year without Ben"
Just wasn't a great throw tbh
Conner is running hard so far. You love to see it
Juju looks strong AF this year.
Juju running people over today
JUJU CAME TO FUCKING PLAY
JuJu already playing like a man possessed this season.
"Solid drive for Conner, great effort from Juju on the first down as well."
We are so privileged to have this defends and offence combo
"I love DJ, but we are up in spite of him."
Biggest difference on that drive? Throwing on early downs and not running twice and then throwing on 3rd.
Reminder: Kevin Dotson just needs to out perform Austin Jackson (who has yet to play for the dolphins) to make it so we were paid to take Minkah.
This guy gets rid of the ball faster. I want Lock back...
Y'all chill you're jinxing it
Minkah needs to start tackling
When the other teams run I just expect negative yardage. I haven't felt this in a while...
"Lol.direct tv was showing bills dolphins just switched to broncos Steelers ...


Bills fans at my bar are pissed ..."
There we go Edmunds!
Seeing Ben land on his arm makes me NERVOUS
What was that whole drive
I do not like seeing Ben get hit like that
I'm gonna erase that drive from my memory and move on
He knew when he punted that you could tell
That was a fumble. Great job refs
Mike Hilton blitzes are a form of foreplay in my household.
Bills Game has technical difficulties and it’s showing Steelers on tv for me right now
Refs gave Denver points is they dont fuck it up. That was for sure a fumble
Mike Hilton doing EVERYTHING today
Where the fuck is Ray Liota with Chantix?
Out there on the corner
CBS is having a lot of issues today
egg out there on the corner?
"anyone else hear him say that corner line like 7 times? wtf  

EDIT: i thought i was having a stroke or something"
they got there on the corner
I was like bro are you having a stroke?
"out there on the corner

out there in the streets

willie and the poor boys are playing

bring a nickel, tap your feet"
Man diontae is electric
ABSOLUTE FILTH DJ
DJ is definitely redeeming himself
"McDonald’s been quiet through 6 quarters and then misses a pass directly to him. Come on, man."
"Shit.

Whatever the defense will force a quick 3 and out"
Why aren't we using Claypool more? All that hype during the off-season had me so psyched to see this dude perform
Man do I miss McDonald catching a ball then absolutely ending someone's career
Jerry Jeudy is so good. That guys gonna be special for them.
Holy shit that's a hospital ball
Driskel got that man killed
Broncos fans in r/nfl calling that hit dirty are idiots
What a dumb block in the back. Jesus Christ
Holy fuck Diontae is so so feast or famine I love him so much he's unreal with the ball what a waste of an amazing return
Where is it he was already falling bull shit
Our big punt return gets called back? We have a mapletron bitches. TD!
"Big Ben: Fine, I'll do it myself.

Claypool: And I helped!"
"**GIVE US OUR TD BACK, BITCH**"
Eagles fan stopping by to say that Claypool is a beast
Great awareness by Claypool to keep running in stride
8th all time passing TDs for Ben
"Dang the ball hung up there and dropped right in.  Great pass, catch, and run."
Excellent awareness by Claypool
"Right is 1 inch from the left side line

body control to bring the left all the way back in 6 inches"
And Ben got rocked on that pass
Fuck it feels good to have a QB
There must have been like 2 blades of grass between Mapletron's right foot and the sideline
Damn O'Driskel's
"let me step up and avoid Watt

O SHIT ALUALU"
"Man, I’m so glad we picked up Alualu a couple years ago. Such a valuable addition."
Hold TJ Watt all you want. We'll still getcha.
"The fact that Jeudy’s injury is a rib injury and the replay clearly shows Bush aiming for his rib area should shut up the morons on the Broncos sub, but it didn’t... 
The form wasn’t the best but it definitely wasn’t helmet to helmet lol."
TFW you gotta block Cam and Tuitt and Alualu winds up being pretty good too.
Probably not a good decision to try a field goal from the Giant Eagle parking lot in Irwin
and back to the run run pass
Have the Broncos taken a penalty
Why would you run it there
"they run on 2nd and 18 anyway

WTFFFF"
God I hated that drive so much
"Draw play on 2nd and long, third shot if you're counting."
That was embarrassing play calling
We need Decastro back in the worst way.
jesus this playcalling is the worst part of the steelers
Why did they run the draw on 2nd and long? I hate when they do that. It’s like...they’ll never expect us to run it...but they always seem to.
Damn that was a nice punt. Would’ve been great to get there
Still hating Haden?
Let's go Joe. Love me some Haden
Lol. It really isn't even fair to the Broncos. I needed this after the misery that was the 2019 season.
This is a Super Bowl D
i love having a great defense
Haden you totally redeemed yourself!!
Man if Denver scores again this game I will honestly be surprised.  This defense is just built different.  All 3 levels
Rough half for Denver fans.
I know this is random but Claypool has the most subtle pushoff. It’s honestly AB like
BEST DEFENSE IN THE LEAGUE AND IT AINT CLOSE!!!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
Fat fuckin conservative randy 🤬
"go for it, let the D get you 2 if don't make it"
Wimping out with this playcalling and fg.
That's weak.
7 seconds. Time for 2 TDs
This ref is terrible at taking his mask off to announce calls lol
Jesus Christ the 49ers injuries today
"The 49ers are winning, but at what cost?"
Poor 49ers
Does Randy not remember that we were moving the ball when we were passing on 1st??
"Fichtner is a fucking idiot. This play calling is terrible. This guy will always under achieve. 

God damn it Ben. What the fuck."
That was probably the worst drive ive ever seen
Lmao Ben you absolute fucking con artist
That's fucking stupid Minkah come on
Is that Watts 3rd sack
this damn D is soo good
Jesus man you’d think we’re getting our asses kicked looking at this thread
Our front 7 is unbelievable this year
"God I love this defence. Like it’s for sure great to have a dynamite offence, but there’s just something so satisfying about having a really mean defence"
1.9 yards per rush. Randy: LETS RUN IT TWO TIMES ON 1ST AND 2ND
That’s a penalty.
defense do your thing bois
Todd Haley we meet again
At this point I’m more confident that the defense will get a td
Where was the pass interference on the Steelers last drive?!
Denver is not getting called for anyyyyything today
They call that and not the hold on Ebron?
Did I set my standards too high this off season or does the secondary not look good
Hey. Can we not shit the bed in the second half? That’d be absolutely perfect!
ARE YKU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Walking down the field via flags.
Every. Single. Fucking. Time. We get flagged every time we have a good play. Good fucking god
Don’t call the lineman holding on to Bush’s shoulder pads though. Jesus fucking Christ
Ffs. Just penalizing us right down the field.
This should've been a blowout wtf all these chances to put the game away and they just don't
"FUCK. 

Our D needs to settle back in. This game was tight as a drum before this."
Hilton keep your eyes on the quarterback before you hit them man.
defund the refs
I’m gonna be fucking sick. This is what fucking happens when you dick around with peewee play calls
Bush not even remotely close there...
Whag the heck is the bullshit
Foot came off the gas. The defense is now getting torched by the backup qb. That and some questionably called penalties
So maybe we try covering Fant.
"So, what changed on our defense from the first half????"
Brilliant idea to double down putting bush on Fant. Fuck Keith Butler
this should be a blowout right now. wtf man
5 point penalty by Hilton
Maybe don’t play conservative offense going into the second half regardless of how much you’re up by
"What the fuck, he fucking chest bumped him! Roughing the passer?"
Man. This feels just like last season. Shit playcalling on offense and defense can’t win all of the games. Offense needs to score more than 17 points in 3 quarters against this team. It’s uninspiring and bad offense that just puts the defense in bad spots.
2 of 3 Denver scoring drives have been almost entirely penalty flags. Couple questionable calls and some dumb mistakes. Fucking sucks.
"League still throws flags at our team like its raining money.

I love the inconsistency with these refs year after fucking year."
Man our offense better figure it out this drive
Why do they have to score for us to start doing this
The screens have now endured through three different coordinators (Arians --> Haley --> Fichtner).... are we sure Roethlisberger isn't the one who likes them?
All of our 3rd down routes are a yard or two short.
 NEED 7
more injuries? today is weird
Why is this game stressing me so much
Big fucking drive.
That was 2007 Big Ben
DIONTAE’S FIRST TD! LETS GO
Ben throwing on the run sometimes seems more accurate than his normal planted throws lol
VINTAGE. I WANNA FUCK THAT ELBOW
"This team, our playcalling is shit most of the game, and then our talent balls out and covers for it."
Tomorrow is officially Pringle Monday! Get to those grocery stores people. Once you pop the fun don't stop
TAE YOUNG GOAT
Renegade time let’s go D.
Done with this team. Scoring touchdowns. Why do I even watch?
Guys I am enjoying the beginning of our season. What the FUCK is going on right now?!?
"Did someone mug Fichtner that drive and Ben had to call plays, cause that looked way to good to be our normal play calls."
Lmaooooo that juju-Johnson celebration
Juju funny af
That was like a video game
"Turnovers.

That's how you screw up football games...."
Minus the first handoff Johnson has been fantastic
This team has 0 ball security
this is why i have a hard time trusting snell
*I don’t want to play with you anymore meme but with Snell this time*
All I want is for us to play a mostly clean game where we put someone away without problems
Holy crap these refs want it for the Broncos so bad. What the actual fuck is this
Refs really want this to be a competitive game
"Steelers and outplaying the Broncos but dumb fumbles to keep them in the game, name a more iconic duo"
"Without Ben, we legitimately suck offensively. With Ben, we still play down to opponents. Such is life for the Steelers."
Our pass defense has been atrocious so far this year
Well if we can just torch the clock on this drive and put some points on the board before giving it back with nothing left that could be the game for us. Up by five right now.
I'll take one Minkah INT to seal the game please.
DJ should've caught that but he'll get it next time
This game WAS fun
This is a fucking joke. Same old bullshit steelers.
Steelers and playing down to their opponents name a more iconic duo
WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO THE DEFENSE
Fuck these refs bruh
THIS IS FUCKING BULLSHIT THE BRONCOS BITCH AND MOAN AND GET ALL THE CALLS THE STEELERS FET NOTHING
Both of their feet got tangled. Fuck your flag
"""Flag came late"" - shocking"
"I don't like complaining about the refs, but this is just way too obvious lol"
Gotta love a Benny snell fumble to give a bad Denver team some momentum. Odds not in our favor
Why the fuck would you challenge that?
Tomlin and dumb challenges. Name a more iconic duo.
"That’s probably a catch, but the refs have been abysmal today."
at least this delay give our D some rest
Devin cannot hang with Fant. We need to put Minkah on him
Defense has no fucking discipline
This defense is great until it has to be great :(
Could the refs fuck us any harder?
This is a terrible game
This team I swear is gonna kill me someday
"If the Broncos play this right, we might not even get a chance to get the ball back."
I absolutely fucking hate playing the Broncos
Without all the penalties this game wouldn’t be that close
Oh hey! They didnt throw a bs flag to take away our stop!
Every game late this sub bitches and moans the team into a win. Lmfao
Lets go i wish we used derek watt more
CuT cOnNeR
"He got tired lol.  ""59 is enough.  Tackle me now."""
Conner went God mode out of fucking nowhere
Every week they almost give me a heart attack.
Y’all I just Irish-goodbye’d from my friends wedding so I could get home to watch the game lol
"Dear Chase, 

Marijuana can wait.

Signed,
-Steelers fans"
"We get the ball to start the second half, there was no reason to go for it vs take 3 safe points and go for the TD next half"
THROW THE FLAG FUCKING ZEBRAS
Jeff fucking Driskel is making a run against us? And we’re supposed to be a championship contender? FFS
To the people who think we're overreacting: Denver is bloated with injuries. They're playing fucking weak against a 2nd string QB.
This sub is gonna riot if Edmunds and Conner continue to play well today
"Greg out there on the corner!

Greg out there on the corner!

Greg out there on the corner!

Greg out there on the corner!

Greg out there on the corner!"
Keep Claypool away from LeGarette Blount
"Last play was a 78 yard pass, so let's trick them and run into the line ~~twice~~ three times and then throw short."
Time to smoke another bowl and play some Mario Sunshine during the half. Can't think of a better way to celebrate being up by two touchdowns at the half.
"I responded to another user, but for this second half, if we manage to get a decent lead, I’d want us to bench some players, at least Ben in the 4th. All these injuries going on, this season is easily gonna be dependent on staying healthy."
"Calm down, we just need more Conner rushes up the middle. That'll fix us!"
Damn I love you guys
A Pepsi commercial made me cry. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=uPcMaRBTHlk
HERE WE GO
I approve this message Devin
You know they didn't want anything of that look if they are burning a timeout already.
Diontae gives as many good plays as mistakes
"Johnson, two games in a row! At least he didn't drop that punt."
Diontae making me nervous
That’s two bullets to the foot already. PI from Haden and then Johnson’s handoff fumble. Come on fellas! Let’s not help Denver
Their O Line is creating huge holes. WTF
Steelers and slow starts nothing new
So it's vintage Melvin Gordon today? He looks good.
"Lol, bud thought the play was over"
This pleases me greatly.
STEEL CURTAIN
Best duo in football.
Why hold 'em for three when you can force a turnover?
Best duo in the league.
"Good shit from literally everyone involved that play. TJ, Bud, Hilton, beautiful shit"
Love this defense. Reminds me of super bowl 40/43 team
"Let's get Eric going.

Need him for my fantasy team this week lol."
Juju strong Iike bull.
Wait did we break Lock?
That was a Hines Ward lower your head play. Love it.
"Wide Receiver does better with a good quarterback.

NFL Announcers: -surprisedpikachufaceHD.gif-"
Turns out Conner is decent when he runs instead of twiddling his thumbs
Juju is MEAN today
"johnson with a fumble, a dropped pass( might have been on ben) and problem return where he ran into his own guy. guy needs to focus."
That’s Steelers football baby
That net behind the goal looked fucked haha guess if there's no fans it doesn't really matter
"Strength seems to be a key component of our WR core this year, bar Johnson. Claypool, Washington and Juju are built to run some mofos over."
I hope Ben doesn’t have any more bad throws like the one that shoulda been intercepted. That was almost as bad as it can get
That's Steelers football. That's quality.
Anyone paying close attention to Dotson? How's he holding up?
"JEFF DRISKEL has played the steelers before 

12-24 95 yards ZERO Tds and sacked 4 times"
Gotta give credit that was an amazing throw
There was me thinking Brock Osweiler was still a Bronco
Dupree letting everyone know he's fucking hungry today.
Bud is going to get paid SO MUCH
"Is bud, like, seriously going to be a top level elite DE this year? He was great last year but hes been damn near TJ good this year so far. My goodness"
from 2nd and 1 to 3rd and 3
"Well with the speed Dupree gets those chase behind tackles, reverses are gonna work against that."
"I can’t watch the game since I live in Florida, but I’m keeping track of it on ESPN. What happened to Lock? I know he fumbled, but I didn’t know he got injured as well."
Well. That was a no drive.
Wtf was that punt?
Colquitt we need some better punts out of you
"Ev'ry mornin' in the South Side you could see him arrive

He stood six foot four and weighed two sixty five

Kinda broad at the shoulder and narrow at the hip

And everybody knew, ya didn't give no lip to Big Bud

(Big Bud, Big Bud)

Big Bad Bud

(Big Bud)"
How high is Snoop in that Corona commercial? I’m guessing a Snoop [6] which is a [21] for a mortal and a Willie Nelson [2]
"First quarter hot takes:   
- Colquitt isn't as much of an upgrade over Berry as we'd hoped. Same old story with weak punting     
- Diontae is having a terrible game. Miscues and miscommunication, I don't see any chemistry with Ben     
- Overall none of our pass catchers outside of JuJu look too good. Would love to see Claypool get more action         
- Defense is giving up more yardage than expected, even to the backup. Bend don't break I guess?     
- Hope Lock's injury isn't serious, I really like the guy"
Mike Hilton ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thats out
I could watch this defensive line sack quarterbacks all day.
mike Hilton making willie gay proud
Hilton adding some bucks to his contract.
This is like 90’s Stiller defense.
Man... this defense makes me feel things
Hilton again! What a defensive series!
I wanna see some tuitt action
"2 sacks and 1 Fumble

Good start"
"We had a 3 and out, TD, 3 and out.... hopefully TD is next! Gotta stop those huge negative plays"
This run defense is giving me some real 2000's steelers vibes.
The only reason he made that field goal was because it was a good kick and it went through the uprights.
Back out there on the corner
They got there on the corner
"Lol ""oh my gawwwwd what the fuck"" some coach is pissed"
Johnson is making up for mistakes
When DJ isn’t fumbling he’s pretty good
Conner is fucking crushing it today. Welcome back my dude.
"OH MAH GAWWDD

WHAT THE FUUUCK

-some guy on nfl sunday ticket"
Sometimes I wonder if 3 TEs on our roster is worth it.
What a piss poor drive. Christ.
Probably good that was knocked down
Broncos D played well that drive
"Like, you forget how good our WRs can be when they don't have a cardboard cutout of a QB that came to life throwing them footballs"
I love Zach banner https://twitter.com/zbnfl/status/1307724739939577856?s=21
I really enjoy Baker at Home commercials
I would’ve lost my shit on Vance if I was in Ben’s shoes.
Broncos defensive line is breaking down faster than my willpower to wait til halftime to smoke another bowl.
"Well god damn Devin, he has a family"
"Fuck you Gronk, I was already going to eat nachos at half time anyhow."
Am I crazy for not seeing leading with the helmet or am I missing something?
"Steratore needs to shut the fuck up. Clean hit, not even close."
Fucking flag... that was a great runback...
Driskel gonna leave here today with PTSD (Pittsburgh Traumatic Sack Disorder)
STOP THROWING FLAGS ON RETURNS
BIG BENS STILL GOT IT KIDS
"""Gonna call back that TD? Well fuck you, I'm going to have another one."""
Fuck yes Claypooooool - BC represent!!!
"If you don’t succeed the first time, try again. LETS GO BOYS!"
"Ben is like ""fuck yo bringing that return td back, ill get it done."""
Yep hes gonna start now
HOLY FUCK MAPLETRON
MAPLEETRONNNNN
"Ben said “nah, you ain’t taking them points” LETS GOOO"
FINE. WE'LL SCORE AN 84 YARD TD THEN.
"That better stand you bitches

Edit: Youre lucky"
"Me: There goes that big return

Also me 5 seconds later: nvm"
Really too bad Ben can’t throw the deep ball any more. Will the talking heads stop the nonsense now?
That CB got owned.
CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL!!! My god!
YHAT WAS FUCKING AWESOME!!!
"When was the last time we didn't have an elite, deep WR corps? I honestly can't remember"
I didn't know maple syrup could run that fast.
I high fived ojemoudia at iowa once!
Relax yall it was 1 play. Our D line bout to eat
Blade of grass was the MVP on that play
[deleted]
lmao Cowboys getting bodied by the Falcons
"All things considered I'm enjoying this

Yes mistakes but overall good game"
Crowd noise got to him. Wide right
Alualu is one of the better FA signings we've made in a while.
Fuck me we look good
"58 yards... at Heinz Field?  You fucking insult us... even with the open end not being as deadly as the past, how dare you try that."
Really tried to kick that shit lmaoo
Why on earth would you go for a FG?
Lol why would they try that
Sick 58yd attempt bro
"Seriously? Another run after losing 10 on a penalty? That dedicated to run, run, pass? Fucking come on. We can do more than that Randy."
GREAT INT LETS GO
Okay Joe you made up for yourself
LETS GO!!!!!
I would love it if the Steelers could get a decent offensive coordinator at some point in my lifetime.
"Ok Tomlin knows how to gain field position

let the D do it"
4d chess to get the interception
Great interception but my gosh if these guys don’t start putting two hands on the ball when being swarmed...
Alright now Randy... lets not run on 2nd and 18 please 😁
Haden fought for every one of those yards.
"Joe Haden:  ""Fuck you I still got it!"""
That was a yard away from being an absolutely perfect punt
THIS DEFENSE
Haden haters WYA
Don’t we have a full back?
"Stupid, stupid decision to run the ball there. You could see they were defending for the run. Like come on."
i abhor running from the shotgun
Should’ve gone for it smh
I can’t get over just how blonde boswells facial hair is.
I am loving this Steelers defense
"If you know you're going to call a timeout when the play clock gets to 1, why not at least TRY and draw them offsides and then call the timeout if it doesn't work??"
Would have been a  good opportunity to use the other other Watt brother
100 sack season change my mind
I want Watt to get DPOY so bad this year.
Give me a 40 point scoring game
Why did the clock stop after that sack to make it third and long? Did the Steelers call a timeout?
Has Watt (full back) played a snap?
"If our whole team stays healthy there’s no way we aren’t going to playoffs, schedule is just not that hard this year"
I think we got a KR bois
I like ray ray
Randy just an fyi the last coordinator got run outta town for shit like that
I solidly believe that the problem with Conner is the plays we draw up for him
That was a a very ugly ball from Ben with unlimited time in the pocket.
Hmmmm I'm no offensive coordinator but I don't think those plays worked
What the fuck was that duck of a pass
That wasn't a very good punt Ben.
Okay defense put me back in a good mood.
Jesus does bush kill everyone he tackles?
Edmonds... fucking GREAT pickup on that coverage there.... was near a free TD route
We have as many sacks as they do points. Not bad at all
"This offense... I can’t even describe them. But they need, at the very least, some kind of time of possession consistency. Obviously no turnovers, but we need a running game"
Reading some of these comments you would think we are losing the game and playing awful.
Did the offense toke up at half?
What does Claypool have to do to get in the game?
I thought we got rid of the screens with Haley :/
Come on Randy... that play makes no sense.  Might as well just run it
Just wish we’d throw for the sticks sometimes
That should have been a RHINO RAMPAGE for 5.
"They just can't put teams away offensively 

defensively they can"
I’m not worried because our defense is great but offense needs to get it together
I’m always a fan of going for it but I was not there. Just pin them deep with that defense and this shite offense.
WHEN IS FUCKNTER'S CONTRACT UP?
"Well that sucked. Big Ben wanted to run for it, had nowhere to go, and just took a shot."
Of course that wasn't called
Why are people acting like a 55 yard goal would’ve been a gimme lol
Where was that call for ebron?
Gotta clean up these penalties.
So why we still going for screens on second and third. WHYYYYYYYY
"Goddamnit, another fucking flag. Minkah is playing way too risky"
Refs have bailed out denver all game
Fuck these refs man blind ass mfs
These refs have got money on Denver
Sweet Pete! Come on Zebras! Cut us some slack!
This team still doesn’t know how to play 4 complete quarters I see.
Fuck these flags
offensive hold right there too
We love stupid penalties
fuck. now can we take this game seriously again
How the fuck is this game close?
This is a BACK UP QB. Wow
Seems the refs really want to make this a close game.
Should probably stop putting Bush on Fant.
Wow our linebackers cannot match up with tight ends at all
How in the fuck is it still this close
our offense needs to wake the fuck up the fact this is a 1 score game is unacceptable
Ben needs to get on it now
It's ridiculous. They can't be fucking serious. If we manage to throw this game I actually will throw up every day of the next week.
Ben's been taking shots after he throws all game. Fucking stupid.
You cant fall asleep when you only have 17 points in today's NFL
I hate playing Denver man. I really fucking do
How many stupid penalties did we commit to give them that td
"steelers and getting burned by athletic tes, name a better combo"
This doesn't bode well for the rest of the season if we can't beat shitty fucking Denver with their backup QB. Come the fuck on.
It's amazing how bad the secondary becomes when there's not constant pressure
"We’re at that fun point where all the idiots come out of the woodwork even though we’re still winning.

Favorite time of the game"
"Jesus Christ as shitty as that quarter was, some of you guys are serious drama queens."
"4th qtr, ass is clenched. Beers in place."
Fuck these screens man they are reading them
Why did we even sign Derek watt?
Randy is doing his best Todd Haley right now and I hate it.
I liked the shovel pass play
"I'm so sick of Randy, why can't we hire a decent Off. Coordinator Instead of always hiring within house"
Wow....a screen worked.....
The ole shovel pass
The injuries today are real...
We needed that so bad. C'mon defense! Let's get the ball back
That was classic ben. I dig it
Told y'all you were overreacting
"on the interception earlier, if ben had run what he just ran instead of thrown, it would have been a first down..."
And he threw that on the run
this offense is bipolar
Go DJ! That’s my DJ!
"We have like 4 pro bowl level receivers on our team, it isn't even fair"
Claypool making a name for himself on STs
Gumble - that was a mistake
"""that was a mistake"""
Did we just slide in the endzone on a special team tackle😂😂
"Eerie how similar Dionte J. Is with AB. Body language, body type, the way he catches, the way he runs. Dionte’s one year away to becoming a pro bowl caliber wr. Once he gets his focus on par with his talent, dude will be excel"
Claypool is everywhere
"Bronco player gets stopped for a loss:

Steelers Defense: Wooo! Wooo! Wooo! Wooo!"
Diontae Johnson is fucking special
"we should be 26-6 right now.  
im so torn right now."
So is that a safety for Derrick Watt?
Welcome to the roller coaster of emotions
SwItZeR iS sAfEr
Snell has fumbled in consecutive games he needs to get that straightened out
"Damn dude. I really wanted to see more of Snell, but after that, I'm sure he will see even less carries.."
The amount of fumbles we have is obscene
I'm worried about Benny's fumblitis
"It's big brain. Keep our D on the field, 200 IQ play"
Ball security is job security
We gotta give our defense a break
"Damn, mistakes are keeping Denver in the game.  Just ruined a great effort by Dionte."
That's why we haven't seen more of Snell in this game. It doesn't matter how well he runs if he can't hold onto the fucking ball.
Inexcusable. Hang on to the fucking football. Our young guys have a real problem with fumbling at the end of games.
The football gods have spoken: the Steelers will NOT be allowed to benefit in any way from a good Diontae Johnson return this season. Let it be known that this is their decree.
Haden has been burnt toast
FUCK THESE REFS
Their calling everything they can on us
Driscoll looks decent for a backup. Or maybe ours were so bad it ruined my ability to tell.
#96 on the Broncos sideline lmao 😂
Someone teach Bush coverage this week in practice PLEASE
Shades of pre-Minkah defense...
"In fact, someone teach OUR ENTIRE SECONDARY COVERAGE"
Defense....what the fuck are you doing
"Sigh.

Guess we'll just have to score again"
I'm gonna get some hate but I'll say it. Maybe our pass defense just isn't that good
"Our defense is really bad right now though, Idk what the fuck happened but we change it now"
Truly embarrassing we can’t be the top defense in the NFL and get picked apart by driskel
Are we playing Jeff Driskel or Tom Brady
"If we somehow lose this, it’s going to come back and bite us so hard in the ass. So tired of playing down to shitty teams. Typical steeler football"
Said this at the start of the half and it’s still true. They are absolutely out scheming our defense. Only reason this isn’t worse is because of raw talent on D
Damn O’Driskel’s
Did we play renegade yet
"Is it just me, or Driskel is actually making quicker and better throws than Drew Lock."
Wow we’re being negative as hell in here.. we’ve looked entirely in control all game. Chill boys.
We really should have blown this team out
This team is so hard to watch sometimes
So many costly mistakes. This game should be over
"Steelers playing down to our opponents, good to see 2020 is getting back to normal!"
Under achieving as a whole on a team level. There's no reason to only be up by 5 points. Now I gotta hear the announcers blow Driskel.
What is it with us and the broncos
Ib4 refs throw a yellow brick road for a Denver drive
"If we lose, I'ma get black out drunk"
Defense has had a terrible second half.
Why is this even a game still. God the Steelers always do this shit.
Crying ass Broncos. Fuck Denver.
EVERY FUCKING STOP YOUVE FOTTA BE FUCKING JOKING
THAT BALL WAS UNCATCHABLE
You shouldnt be allowed to throw a flag that far after the play
6 first downs by penalties...
Steelers shitting the bed as only they can.
What happened to the pass rush or even the defense in general? We’re still in it boys
Getting real tired of these refs
Did Gumble just make a marijuana joke?
Best defense in the league looking real average rn
In 2020 we can’t have nice things
Gene Stenatore a pothead confirmed
WILL SOMEONE IN OUR SECONDARY HELP HILTON? He is the only dude out there
"Bad challenge. Even if you really believe he was out (and he clearly wasn’t), there isn’t going to be sufficient evidence to overturn. And that time out is so important."
All I want for Christmas is another big man red zone INT
Bush is getting wrecked
We won't even have time to counter if they score. Nice job wasting those timeouts.
No goddamn reason to be in this position. We are undisciplined on our secondary and we just couldn’t stay on course offensively.
Somebody call Heinz field... we need renegade
EDMUNDS KEEP THIS UP
FUCK ALL THE PESSIMISTS IN HERE! I STILL LOVE ALL YOU THO
They got 3 timeouts though it’s not over yet
THIS SUB IS IN SHAMBLES!!! TERELL EDMUNDS WITH THE SACK!
Edmunds trying to make up for that BS holding call lol
I need a fat blunt after that game
"Conner really wants to keep his job, huh?"
"Why don’t we use Derek Watt more during the actual game, not just when we’re running clock"
Steelers always have to make it interesting....heart attack waiting to happen every game
"Everyone bashed Connor last week including myself. Still think Snell is the better back BUT aside that, great way to save the game JC"
Conner YOU BEAUTIFUL MULLET MAN!!!! Wow
DEREK FUCKING WATT
smart football by conner
Am I dumb? Is there a reason why they aren’t kneeling right now?
I NEVER DOUBTED!   I NEVER DOUBTED!
Won by 5 just like we all predicted
"a wins a win but that was awful. shoulda been like a 35-14 win. sloppy ass play all around

&#x200B;

if tomlin could ever coach this team to not play down to the competition it would be fantastic"
Let's gooooooo (but stop with the steelering shit)
I need to lie down. What a roller coaster of a game.
I actually don't care if either Conner or Snell produces.  As long as at least one of them gets the job done.
"3-2-1...

2-0"
3 2 1 Win
"I'm glad we won. But , just...wow. Refs made this so much closer than it should've been."
"If last season should have given us fans an appreciation for anything, it’s an appreciation for getting the win.  Any way you can."
PEOPLE CALLIN PUSH OFF. FUCK OFF THATS PAYBACK FOR THE AWFUL BLOCK IN THE BACK
Am I the only one that would rather be seeing Benny Snell right now?  So much more production from him
Gtfoh Conner haters. He's had two 10+ yard runs called back on holding penalties. Randy literally doesn't want Conner to succeed calling these 2 and 20 draw plays. Bullshit. Ain't Conner's fault.
"Honestly, fuck all the haters on this sub. Shit doesn’t go our way for even a little bit and it’s like the world is collapsing. 

Unreal how many comments saying we suck, Tomlin sucks, Ben is washed, Edmunds sucks, blah blah."
"That was just horrendous blocking, y’all goobers stop blaming Conner for it"
WHAT HAPPENED TO OUR HANDS!?!?! including the damn fumble hand off.
Jesus you guys need to relax. It's a bad drive. We're up with lots of game left. We all know it takes Ben 3 games to knock the rust off.
"Back up QB, injured receivers/running back, missing key defense player, rookie CB... somehow clawing their way back against a supposed SB worthy team, YIKES"
"This game score should not be this close , the Steelers should easily be up by 2TD’s."
Snell stans in shambles
do the refs have more yardage than the broncos?
"Mike Tomlin and losing to backup QBs, name a better duo."
"Honestly, sometimes wonder if people on this sub have ever watched a game of football before. A player is more than his last play."
Let's fucking go!!
"Big Ben on the pregame show with Cowher, ""even if they decided to trade me, I would probably retire.  I bleed black and gold."""
"Football in the fall brings a much needed feeling of normalcy to life, if even for a day (or three)"
FEED SNELL
"Cool were starting James ""jukes 5 times for a loss"" Connor"
Vic Fangio's nipples are so hard he can cut diamonds
Was that Claypool with the special teams tackle?
Wouldn’t be a Steelers game without a DPI on Haden
Great pressure from bush
And THATS why DJ is returning punts
"That was a terrifying return, but I approve."
Good return
I’d love if Johnson covered the ball more but he has the capacity to make big runs
Damn it DJ
Well that's not a good start.
"God damn, Diontae"
Diontae ball security ugh
Man I was really hoping Snell would get the start
Sigh. Would have been a great conversion/first drive if not for that fumble. DJ needs to get his head straight.
"Diontae making rookie mistakes to start both games so far. 

He's gotta keep his mind in the moment and start out slower. He can make incredible plays. But ya can't mess up the easy ones either."
I’ve been calling DJ my breakout player all off-season and I’ve been adamant on it but he’s not helping his case much early this season
Will Randy ever learn that the endzones are north and south not side to side????? FUCK
"The fact that munchak knows this defense so well, they may actually have a good day running on us"
"Okay guys, funny joke, let's play for real haha."
I don't think Big Ben will out rush the opponents running back this week.
BUD AND TEEJ
Defense baby!!!!!
Hell yeah defense!
"LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
(Hopefully locks okay)"
Jesus christ bud fucking crushed him haha. We gotta pay this man.
Never thought I’d say it. Dupree DPOY?
Lock is hurt according to SNR
Bud Dupree out here making a case for DPOY
Oh god I hope lock is okay
Drew lock is officially injured...
Holy fuck Dupree rocked lock
Bud and TJ is the best duo the Steelers have had in a hot minute
Drew Lockeroom
How much protein does Barkley need to have a double digit run game?
Juju workin
"Dang, JuJu bulldozed that man."
"Pass first works again, who'd have thought"
Shit Lock came down full weight + Dupree on his wrist. That didn't look good at all. Hope he's okay and this is just a precaution.
Juju looks absolutely massive
Take ownership DJ but fuck Ben that’s six if it’s inside his square
Not Johnson's fault that time
Ahhhh so there’s the drops Ebron has
"Guys. Wait a sec. Are we actually using the PASS to set up the run game?

Are we doing something DIFFERENT?"
I hope Lock is alright. I like watching him play.
JUJU IS SO INSANE
That stiff arm was dirty holy shit
CONNER lets go
JuJu looks so good when he has an actual QB
"Bosgod.


May the boz be with you"
also id like more of these long drives please. and TDs.
I like Conner playing angry. Another.
Dude the cbs channel where i’m at is delayed by like 6 minutes
"Turnover turning into points. Something that was a big issue last year, love to see it"
"Juju coming into his own.  Playing physically aggressively, more like Ward and not Brown."
Having both Snell and Conner as dual running threats would be huge
"Friendship ended with Benny Snell, James Conner is my new best friend."
It's nice to be able to capitalize on TO's this year and score in the red zone.
conner’s got something to prove
"I'm loving this. Defense looks fantastic and our offense is finally back, baby!"
Dotson looking N I C E
Juju reminding me of Hines Ward today.
Come on Minkah
Minkah has looked really off his usual game
Driskel already getting introduced to the defensive line.
Ben saying facemask?
Face mask?
No face mask I guess?
Berry haters wya
What was that kick
Def a face mask
Bro we SUCK at screens
"Fuck injuries man, gotta feel for saquon"
Snell missed a block there big time
God damnit should have been a face mask
Told yall fuckers this Driskel guy is at his element outside the pocket. Keep him in there and he’s fucked
Fumble?
How was that not a fumble
Big dick D
This defense is insane
Hilton is everywhere. Somebody make a hotel joke.
Mike Hilton 👍👍👍👍
Our defense going to haunt Driscoll
Still nice work from defense
Okay offense let's get it together and have another great drive.
Hello to our Bills and Fins bros stopping by
Running into our own players all over the field
I'm not sure but I think he said out there on the corner?
"Guys. Did ya hear?

They got there on the corner."
they got there on the corner
Did they get there on the corner?
Injury update for the Broncos: QB Drew Lock (right shoulder) is out for the game.
 EGG OUT THERE ON THE CORNER
"EGG OUT THERE ON THE CORNER 🥚

EGG OUT THERE ON THE CORNER 🥚

EGG OUT THERE ON THE CORNER 🥚"
Lmaooo Diggs thinkin he's Pat McAfee
Johnson making up for it
Johnson with the moves!
DJ is bae
and then DJ does that and all is well in the world
DionJohn!
Diontae's getting some groove. I like it
That was a sweet move DJ!
Damn that was a good run
CAN OUR TES FUCKING CATCH?!?!
DJ didn't wait for the next game to make a comeback.
"Quick, someone make a remix of that technical difficulty"
Johnson you fucking stud.
juju just got tackled?
Are we just about to..... throw 3 times in a set of downs?
Damn sucks not to get any points on that drive
What the fuck
Damn claypool always the first at the returner on special teams. Dudes a beast!
"Don’t know about you guys, but Denver D has a 12th man on the field.... The Steelers Offense (self inflicted wounds: drops, penalties)"
"Fuck what a catch hope Jeudy is healthy. 

Bush did all he could do there."
Broncos are getting destroyed by injuries
"Whew lads, Devin Bush just knocked Jeudy into last week"
I feel bad for the broncos injuries
I like to see us playing physical never like to see injuries for either team. Hope jeudy is alright
"I hope Jeudy is ok, but he will think twice about crossing the middle of the field next time."
"Clean hit, bruised/cracked rib. Sucks to see someone hurt, but it was a damn good hit"
Anyone know how to sort this thread by new comments? It was fine last season but it’s all over the place this season
I DONT CARE ITS COMING BACK FUCK EVERYONE OF YOU GUYS HATING ON HIM AS A PR!
Of course thag gets called back
and it's going to come back
Fuuuuuck me
Remember when switz had returns like that?
Fuck these refs that was nothing smh
Rumors of Ben's death were greatly exaggerated
Claypoool!!! What a dime!
MAPLETRON!!!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO MAPLETRON!!!
bEn cAnT tHrOw DeEp aNyMoRe
"Fine then, we'll still get a TD in one play."
Wow I missed these kinds of plays
BALL DON'T LIE
WHY ARE WE NOT USING THIS MAN MORE
FINALLY I BUSTED A LOAD
Can't remember the last time the Steelers had a punt or kick return for a TD.
CLAYPOOL BALL DONT LIE
Having Ben back is SO. FUCKING. GOOD.
fucked up punt return td turns into a long bomb td. i'll take it.
Ben just said fuck you to the refs
Fuck you refs
Ben is back!! 55 yds on the fly and he could have thrown it farther
"Guys, guys. I think maybe we have *too many receivers*"
BOZGAWD!!!
"Goddamn this receiving core makes me hard. Even Diontae ""butterfingers"" Johnson is still a beast."
I honestly don’t know what Haden was doing. I mean that wasn’t even a good setup by Sutton
Turf monster with the tackle.
This D... The offense throwing 80 yard dragon TDs... my dick can only get so hard here
"When our offense clicks and has sustainable drives, our defense rests which is a NIGHTMARE for an opposing offense. Idk about you guys but I am excited"
The sheer audacity of attempting a 58 yard field goal towards the open end of Heinz field.
is 53 still the record here?
Try to score points here please
TBH opposing teams should just watch Zombie movies to prepare for how our Defensive Line will come at them.
2nd 18 run up the middle?
That was a waste of a drive. Sheesh.
Okay Dustin I’ll give you that. Helluva effort
"Damn, so close to pinning them back"
The one time he booms the punt lol
Ok joe!
Thats my Haden!
Steelers playing 3D chess
Special teams...
Obviously... the touchback punt was planned... so we would get that pick ;)
Aaannnnnd the Defense bails us out again!! No complaints here
Wasn’t someone just complaining about Haden?
This fuckin Defense tho
JOE MOTHERFUCKIN HADEN
YEAH JOE WAY TO REDEEM YOURSELF
I really hate the second down draw plays. I really thought they might stop this year.
Ben with the 8D parcheesi on the 3&Out
They’re talking about how quiet it is on the field while the fake crowd noise drowns out the broadcaster. Need to check their levels lol
Line is not doing great but would still like to see more Benny
"My fortune cookie says 'Luck happens when preparation meets opportunity.'

Based on what I've seen from the defense today that is very much true."
GO FOR IT
Just kick it. Go into Half up two scores
"Bleh... I had no issue with that 2nd down run... but go play action on 3rd down.  We are so known to run again on 3rd down, play action would have been a good chance success IMO.

&#x200B;

Also just kick the field goal... go up at the half 14."
What kind of fucking play calling is that
Gotta go for that I would think
Points are points I guess.
Should have had Benny in there on 3rd down.
"Can we play young QBs each week please? Thanks. 

(I mean the Daniel Jones, Lock, Mayfield, Burrow type, not the Mahomes and Jackson type lol)"
Shovel pass to juju... nope field goal
1.21 TJ WATTS!!
W A T T
I'm sensing  a 8 sack game
Steelers have a chance at the sack record this game
These refs need fired. Unreal
Missed the start of the game. Who gets the ball to start?
cant get cocky in the 2nd half. gotta keep bringing the fire on defense. lets get some points and seal this shit.
It’s so nice to watch Steelers football again. Good half!
Barkley hurt.... wonder if that leg was banged up because of us or just shit happens
"It's obvious the announcers don't know anything about our offense cause they kept talking about the short passes. Didn't Ben have like the lowest average time snap to release in 2018? 

The only stupid thing about our offense is the fucking run plays out of shotgun. Doesn't matter who is back there running the ball, the backs just have like no momentum by the time they reach a defender so it super easy to bring them down."
Fuckin injuries everywhere man. This sucks for everyone.
Injuries related to lack of preseason or nah
RAY RAY!!!
5 more sacks!
Now I know exactly why Switzer got removed.
Kick returner is 1000% improved through 2 weeks
Alright that's enough running the ball please
Bleh... that stretch run play.... have we ever done that well?
Our playcalling is sooooo up and down
These are some really bad playcalls
"Aw fuck, I was hoping no picks this season"
jesus 1-7 on third downs. this team needs to tighten the fuck up.
Why the fuck are you not blitzing on these 3rd and longs
"It would be different if Lock was still at QB, but freaking Driskell is making throws on this defense???"
They're fucking this up big time.
Make it 6 sacks
How many sacks is that today?
no more pit farting offense
Bend but don't break
Good stop there defense!! hold um to 3!
Just get a TD and end this thing. Please.
Oh damn I thought he missed
Wow our D is so amazing
"All right, Ben, that's on you. Get 7 back."
"Alright offense, let's give the defense some good field position."
"Stolen from the nfl sub.



Ben's last 3 Super bowl seasons:


2005, Ben Roethlisberger: 17 TD, 9 INT


2008, Ben Roethlisberger: 17 TD, 15 INT


2010, Ben Roethlisberger: 17 TD, 5 INT



A few INTs are all part of the plan..."
"this playcalling is so conservative, play to win"
"Dotson has really impressed me today, that is all"
love how james washington always goes for more yards
Wut
Ben is pissed
why take a timeout?  Run a play or dont
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
Well that was dumb.
what the hell was that?
Ben was getting plenty of time to throw that drive. Guess no one was getting open
Im a bit at a loss over our decision making there
That was straight out awful.
What was that no call
Andy Dalton has taken the field for the Cowboys
"On a side note, Pittsburgh is one of the most beautiful cities in the country"
Pretty sure you’re supposed to wear your mask over mouth and nose not eyes.
These refs are fucking trashhhhh
FUCK THESE OFFICIALS
"Going for it was just unnecessary, let alone the terrible play calling on 3rd and 4th down. Shooting themselves in the foot."
LMFAO GOOD WORK REFS XD
"Not a fan of that offensive sequence, but it's going to be a little while before this offense is clicking. 

Coming into this year Ben has fewer than 50 game passes thrown to Ebron/DJ/Washington/Claypool combined. Practice helps of course, but it's not the same as doing it under pressure; it's going to take time to develop chemistry. 

Playcalling has been spotty, but we all know Ben is kind of the shadow OC. Give him time to get comfortable with these guys and we'll see more"
This is what happens when you refuse to put teams away
Penalties killed us on this drive.
Not like this steelers
Leave it to us to have a close game with a backup QB
Pathetic
"The Hilton penalty is annoying as fuck, but they've called it that way for a couple years now... gotta know."
Gifted by the refs
How is Hilton supposed to stop his body in mid air
this game is pathetic even with a lead
"Sigh. That settle-for-field-goal at the end of the first half is gonna come back to haunt us, isn’t it?"
I swear to fucking god if this offense has another terrible drive I’m gonna cry
This second half is trash
Tough half for us so far but good teams bounce back against adversity. Let’s see if we can get back on track.
"Horrible coaching, horrible decision making by the QB, horrible discipline. A losing formula."
"NGL if they are gonna call those weak calls, I wish they'd at least make it worth it and deliver a crushing hit"
"Alright boys settle down! It's a new set of downs, let put a drive together, eat some clock and get some freaking points!"
Why did our defense just decide to shit the bed and get dumb penalties
If we don’t score here we are in serious trouble. This is a joke.
RUN THE FUCKING BALL AND STOP THROWING SCREENS
Fuck Randy Sphincter
Our defense is getting too tired and making mistakes. Our offense can't keep them off the field long enough for them to catch their damn breath
Dumb penalties in all 3 phases..
That was bad. Let’s put it behind us and dominate!
Nice Ebron!
Stop with the screens
And then the next play a screen
juju always in the right spot
God damn Juju has great awareness. Two big heads up plays from him in the first two weeks
Shouldn't be struggling against a team decimated by injuries. It's really that simple.
"Pringle, Monday is code for an 8yd toss"
Shit got scared there for a second
Ebron: Can my callsign be 'Pringle Can'?
Goddamn another one down.
"Those hands on DJ

THEY WORKED"
"While this may be stressful, at least this isn’t Steelers down by 3 and scrambling like they love to do."
That was so fucking good
VINTAGE
Now that’s a Big Ben play
Redemption song
"Lol, look at Ben with those 38 year old wheels lets gooo"
"oh captain my captain, shit wrong sport"
Great drive
LFG!!!!
Dime to Dionte!!
WOOOOOOOOOOO
FUCK YES!!!!
HERE WE GO STEELERS!!! 🖤 💛
man no one throws on the run like Ben. we needed that TD.
holy shit we scored bless
That execution was so fucking clean
"God damn right. Huck it, Chuck it, number seven Steel City football baby."
"He dropped that pass in there perfectly, and on the run to boot"
ITS TIME TO GIVE CLAYPOOL SOME CREDIT ON SPECIAL TEAMS. DUDES A FUCKING MONSTER
Claypool is a special teams monster
Clay pool looks great in special teams
Bince sighting
What a great TD celebration by Juju and Dionte!  Love it!!!
Scoragami here we come!!!!!
WE CAN DANCE IF WE WANT TO
Where are those whiney fans at?
That punter was shitting himself
Both Watt brothers making plays today boys
Guys call a doctor I'm gonna have a four hour erection
Holy shit dj!
"All I could hear is chris berman going 


WoooooOOOOOp woooop wOOOOOOP"
Why is Johnson so cool dude
"Offense.

Defense.

Special Teams.

That's how you win football games."
That's not Benny Snell football
I’m tired just from watching that Johnson return. 😂
thats 2 fumbles in 2 weeks for Snell
Bro what in the actual fuck
"Whelp, we won't see snell again...."
gd it snell.
Snell no
O Benny...
Man snell is soooo much better then Conner
Is this what I get for hyping up Snell and saying he was better than Conner last week?
How is spinning not outlawed for Pittsburgh running backs
What the snell
Terrible fumble D is going to have to make up for.
What the fuck was that? What the fuck was that? Why the fuck did that happen? Snell what the fuck?
Just put the equipment manager in at RB
What's up with these announcers? I looked away for a sec and figured he was down by contact because they acted so uninterested.
"I thought Snell actually threw the ball. I thought I was looking at some kind of 200+ IQ play, but no, it's a fumble."
Steelers Fans with Snell: I don't want to play with you anymore.
2 fumbles in 2 weeks. Comond bro
I want to see the Rookie RB
Fuck John Elway and the teeth he rode in on!
"This thread is ridiculous, panicking in game two. Real Steeler fans know we play best when it matters: December and January"
These calls are unreal
Fuck these refs
"Need you here, D. HERE WE GO"
What a BS penalty
Now...that PI on Bush was bullshit
Jeff driskell is the illegitimate child of one of these refs
Flags are so goddamn late it's call your own foul for Denver
REFBALL!
lol that’s just good coverage by bush
Always wide open in the middle. ALWAYS
pass coverage non-existant on that drive.
Refs doing all they can but Pittsburgh needs to tighten up man
"Got a safety the drive after scoring a TD. Steelers should have all the momentum, but t then that Snell fumble was so costly. Smh"
We're letting a back up rip apart the defense. What the fuck
This is rough. Injured Broncos team and we keep playing down. Oof. Time for Ben to bring us back.
Why do we keep blitzing cbs every down. Our secondary had been so soft.
Let's just let these guys hang around so a mistake ends up in a loss.
Vance can hit people
Shades of Vance “Father of chris conte” Mcdonald
"This is a pathetic effort from the Steelers today. Inexcusable to keep letting that shitty fucking team back in the game. How are they going to compete with some of the better teams when they can't put the Broncos away, with a fucking backup QB."
Donate is always a crapshoot
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
and just like that a TD loses you the game
"Okay, I’m officially worried"
"OK defense, if you want to be known as one of the best this is where you make your hay. Shut them down."
Steelers are so good at beating themselves. Outcoached
"If you don’t like unnecessarily close games, you don’t like Steelers football"
Steelers always have to keep games interesting man smhhh
Did our D already get on the bus home?
What happened to the pass rush?
I don't like these players getting in the opponents face. Make a play and let that do the talking
worry less about chirping their players and focus on D boys.
Defense you have to do something here
Pick 6 incoming
how embarrassing would it be to lose this game? rate 1-10
I don’t how understand how the defense can look so good and have such soft coverage at the same time.
Throwing for another PI call there
Lol. Crying for a flag
Edmunds is fucking garbage
"Good lord, Fitz has been a shitshow today."
Flag came late of course.
6 first downs by penalties. FFS
we look like the fucking bengals LMFAO
WHY IS DEVIN BUSH COVERING FANT AGAIN
Can we all just agree that Edmunds is terrible?
Bad challenge
"This is embarrassing, terrible challenge Tomlin"
These flags are gonna make me smash something
Waste of a challenge. Classic Steelers.
Steratore sells weed confirmed
"tHiS hAs BeEn a gOoD FooTBalL gAMe 


Shut the fuck up Kurt"
How many times will the refs hand them a first down?
Only having one timeout might end up coming back to haunt us
Broncos are moving the ball easily & draining all the clock. Great to lose a timeout on that challenge.
Not like we needed those time outs
I don’t even want to think about playing quality QBs after watching a back up QB shred this defense
serious question: can we trade offensive coordinators with Denver?
Jeff “Mike Glennon” “Bruce Gradkowski” Driskel playing out of his mind
I shouldnt be surprised that we're steelering away a game against Denver and a backup QB
Fumbles and stupid penalty’s are what’s holding us back from beating this team by 2 possessions
I'm sorry guys.. didn't watch the first half and thought that lead was safe so turned it on. I take full responsibility.
Send us a secondary please
These fucking refs. FML. Didn't they fuck is enough the past 3 years. Ghost PI vs Saints. Free flase start TDs vs chargers. Jesse James vs Pats. It never fucking ends.
Sure we can lay blame on Snell’s fumble. But let’s be real... there are so many other instances which we hurt ourselves. Can’t win many games if you’re battling your own self. 2020 Steelers
edmunds wins it!
LETS FUCKING GO EDMUNDS
T EDMUNDS LETS GOOO
SACK BABY!!!!!
God damn Edmunds
EDMUNDS JUST SAVED US
Edmunds haters WYA?
EDMUNNNDS
Edmunds redemption of sorts.
Waiting for the flag ...
[deleted]
"BEND DONT BREAK
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS"
"EDMUNDS!!!!! We give you a lot of shit, but we gotta keep that same energy when you make a big play like that"
OMG DID TERRELL EDMUNDS JUST MAKE A PLAY I CANT BELIEVE WHAT IM SEEING
Show 34 some love now!
TERRELL FUCKING EDMUNDS
Edmunds you beautiful bastard
"NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD SAY THIS, BUT THANK GOD TERREL EDMUNDS IS A SOLID TACKLER"
Redemption for Edmunds.
Hallelujah! HOLY SHIT. where's the tylenol?
"Lol, nice job calling 2 passes Broncos"
It NEVER should have been this close. This team needs to go back and study the tape HARD.
EDMUNDS POG
Nice to see Edmunds make up for that penalty earlier in the drive
Edmunds unsung hero. We appreciate you man!
Remember when everyone was saying “fuck Edmunds” like 4 minutes ago? You’re all fair weather fans...goddamn. 😂
 CONNER WTF LETS GOOO
Great run but my man sooooo slow.
THE WATTAGE
Come on conner 10 more yards my guy 😂
Alright let’s make this game not close lol
HAHAHHA FUCK YOU DENVER
100 yard day for conner!!!!!!!!!!!
What a block by Watt!
Pretty much doubled what we had in rushing yards on that run.
See? Follow Watt!!
He just ran more than all our rushing for the day
JAMES FUCKING CONNOR
Conner might be slower than bell lol
put in a TD just to be dicks.
I couldn't bei the only one sitting at Home singing Renegate
WATT WITH THE BLOCKKKKK
"Fuck it, friendship ended with Snell, James Conner is my new running back."
FUCK THE REFS
Why didn’t he score lol is he tired?
"Need to run more out of the I formation in the future, Connor is not a guy that runs out of the draw very well give him a running start"
Idk why we’re not kneeling
Victory formation. Way too stressful
I'll fucking take it. Be better next week.
That game gave me heartburn.
Not a pretty win in the slightest but __LET’S FUCKING GOOO 2-0__‼️‼️‼️
VICTORY PRE-ROLL TIME!!! WE 2-0 IN HERE!! TOP OF THE AFC NORTH!!
"Sweet Jesus shit, fuck man. I'm happy we're 2-0, the season is still very young and I have faith they'll find their rhythm as the season goes on."
Those 2 plays just shit on the Edmunds and Conner haters
There's something Switzer couldnt do.
That 1st down was a death sentence for that drive
I can’t fucking do this with Randy today
Edmunds of all people with the coverage
Reminder that Edmunds has been in place this whole game and that he's not a bad safety like you blind people think he is
"I’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. Mike Hilton is the best player in the NFL."
Defense is gonna have to carry the offense again for some reason.
So fucking stupid. We are always going to be in a close game because Randy starts to play so fucking conservative if we have any type of lead
"It's going to be hard to get out of the AFC with the Ravens and Chiefs, but the Steelers are a Super Bowl  caliber team."
"Cannot believe anyone here is complaining during this game so far. We literally have okorafor and Dotson starting on the right side. Roethlisberger is still getting back into things after a long time off and no preseason. And among all that, our defense is literally scary good right now. Yinz gotta chill"
Wow... no PI or defensive holding...
Why the fuck are we only up 11 on Jeff fucking Driskel? Randy is so god damn frustrating to watch call a game
"This game alone tells me that we can't go up against the Chiefs, Ravens, or even the Titans."
its fucking embarrassing that no matter who we have playing linebacker we can never cover the middle of the field. literally our biggest problem over the past 10 years.
"I’ve never seen a game carried so hard by the refs, every single third down they find some half assed call to throw."
This sub acting we're losing lol love it
Lol “PI on bush” fucking retarded
Didn't realize the president controlled gas prices but what do I know
[deleted]
Watt and Dupree make my peepee hard
I think Ben needs a blue pill bc he cant get it up
Bring back Sepulveda
Fuck these refs man they’re ruining this game
"Running on 2nd and 18 has to have a negative EPA everytime. 

God that’s annoying"
"Lol y’all are so god damn annoying sometimes. Bens fine, he’s gonna have his fuck ups"
WHERES THE CALL
Refs pls
We seriously gonna find a way to lose to Denver again?
Three Connor runs for 5 yards and punt?
And Ben just went to 7th in all time passing yards.
"i repeat.  
2 fumbles.  
turnover on downs.  
interception.  
too many penalty yards.  
2-11 on third downs.  
3 batted passes. 

this offense needs to tighten the fuck up or teams are going to roast us."
"Getting really tired of your fucking shit, Steelers."
Someone might want to cover Fant on the next play
Classic Tomlin come from ahead loss.
Still waiting for the flag to somehow appear
Was Conner always slow?
"I ALWAYS had faith

No need to check my post history just trust me"
Here We Go
On our way to a 14 win season.
Anyone got a link?
Lets fucking Go!
I'm liking the fanduel james harrison commercial
Gunner Claypool!
Claypool in there already
claypool with the nice tackle there
Did he just equal Saquon on 1 run
Well that was a soft call
Oh shit I got the game on antenna TV don't gotta fuck with cable!! LET'S GO!!!
"Great pressure, Devin!"
[deleted]
Keith Butler's blitz calls and designs have been sublime so far this season
Diontae is so elusive
Jesus Christ
Diontae come on.
Damn DJ does have some hand problems. But can catch great?
SALUTE TO BANNER!!!
"Not sure the play design but you gotta think he was supposed to run that to the sticks.

Maybe Ben led him away though. I’ll rewind and check

Edit: Ben threw a perfect pass. Juju wasn’t deep enough."
That was really bad. Diontae ran into a guy on the return and just did that.
Chase cut his eyelids off to avoid blinking on ST
The defense will get the job done today. We'll make them one dimensional and they'll shit the bed. I'm not worried.
Look at the bright side - the Jets gave up an 80 yard rushing TD the first play of their game
Three and outs aren't so bad when you look forward to seeing your defense in action.
I hope this doesn't becomea thing with dionte. He didnt look like he was in a good head space
D is excited but gotta play soundlg
Holy fuck they need to stop gordon
Run defense getting gapped.
TJ gets held every fucking play
Why are we worried about Drew Lock and not the running game? Makes 0 sense.
There ya go Watt
PURE WATTAGE!!!!!
That fucking hit!
Well... Munchak’s kicking our asses at the moment...
Yo TJ Watt is a fucking stud
AIR BUD!!!
Oh fuck. They ended Lock
Lock Fumble. Steeler Ball!
That hit looked painful holy damn
Damn Lock should've just went down lol
THERE WE GO
This FUCKING defense
DEFENSE !!!
Just like that the defense takes the ball away. Jesus lol
Lock was favoring his arm. Wonder if he’s done for the day.
DAMN
We may not be locking Gordon up but man Lock has done NOTHING this game
That hit was absolutely brutal
"This team is as balanced a team as I remember. I know we aren't Superbowl favorites, but I weirdly think this team has one of the best chances that we have had since the 2011 team"
I love this defense and I'm so glad we held onto Bud
Pay The Rooster
I hope Lock isn't hurt. He was one of the QB I was excited to watch this season.
"hope his knee wasnt down from the intial contact

dupree this year is scary man he gunning for that contract"
Get a deal in place for Bud now!! Out here like JG Wentworth
I hope we have the meanest defense throughout the year. I love having a defensive team. STEEL CURTAIN
"You guys see? All those runs were just to lure their defenses so we could force a turnover.

Tomlin over here playing 6D chess and we're trying to play checkers."
Lock got absolutely blasted
"Bud is definitely gonna get paid after this year, amazing how he’s just turned it up a notch in terms of pass rush the past 2 years"
"New offense?


Pass pass run?"
JUJU LETS GOOO
Great run James!
Conner week 2> Conner week 1
Connor with a solid run. That's good to see
who is denvers backup?
Lmaooo casuals wanted to cut Conner last week
Very glad ben is back but his touch needs some work
Good shit Connor
Scary one there
Fuck... I gotta stay away from this thread for a bit. I paused the game to make some lunch for my wife and I...
"Steelers' Fans Seeing Conner Make Some Good Runs: Okay, I ~~don't~~ want to play with you ~~anymore.~~"
Conner prob knows he needs a big night not to lose his starter role
Fuck yeah JUJU
ATTA BOY JUJU
Ebron knock it off with those Mongrief hands.
Frightening one there
Let's goo juju
SILENCE JUJU HATERS
JuJu really out here bulldozing grown men
GAWDDAMN JUJU!
Leggo Connor!
Touchdown the unbreakable james conner
Spread the ball around early. Conner can work
LFG!!!!!!
There we go!
"&#x200B;

**TD Steelers!**"
Conner definitely doesn't want to split carries
Juju is a number 1
Connor red October comfirmed
So excited to see what snell conner will do this year
BozGOD
back to that dropped INT Ben has been throwing off his back foot on almost every throw since the injury last year.  That was another one.
[deleted]
Is Lock okay?
Ohhh so this is what happens when we pass in early downs?!?! Who knew Randy??
The invisible fan will be going home with a lucky game ball.
This aggressive play calling got me so excited
Good Juju
Ju-Ju looks hungry
Fuuuck I overslept. Waking up to an extra point isn't too bad tho
JC looks much more comfortable this week
"Gonna take this lull in play to talk a little about catching a short pass.

Contrary to popular belief, some of the hardest passes to catch are those inside of 5 yards. The ball is at it’s max velocity inside of those spaces AND the pass catcher has a ridiculously short amount of time to adjust to the pass.

Inside of 5 yards, balls not inside of a receivers frame are absolute bitches to catch. Moreso than any other place on the field. 
It’s especially hard when your moving laterally to the LOS and the ball is low and you try staying on your feet (Ebron). Also on slants, anything high and outside is a ball that would give even the MOST elite WRs in the NFL a ton of trouble.

Just speaking from experience."
Bro it's Driskel
"Sucks for lock, man. I was looking forward to seeing him more"
Bud is barking lol
That Dupree guy is pretty good
Bud is strong
driskel sounds like the type of guy thats gonna slice and dice us
What’s a Jeff Driscoll?
"That’s basically Driskel’s MO. Will miss a wide open guy 10 yards across the middle unless he’s getting hit as he throws our out the pocket.

Dude is fast as fuck too. A little worried about him honestly."
Bud you gotta seal that edge
Exactly like that. What reads
I'm still laughing at Vic's scuba hoody
"It looks like there are still a few ushers in the stands near the field. 


What are they doing? Lol


(Maybe just security?)"
What technical issues were Buffalo/Miami having?
All we gotta do is run the ball and short passes right now. If Locke is out i dont think they have a chance
"""Imagine the places you'll go.""

That's about all you can do with all the closed countries to the United States right now."
Okay now that one should’ve been caught. Started running before he caught it.
When do the Conner haters come out?
"Third shot in the foot. 27 yard net punt!

I won’t count the sack because our guy got beat. I’m only counting unforced/unnecessary/ errors"
Minkah needs a pick 6 here.
"I really like seeing Claypool as a gunner on kickoffs.

Can his special teams name be ""A Clay 47""?"
Everyone talkin shit on edmunds go cover Jeudy 1v1
[deleted]
3rd and 23 Jesus Christ
I would rather have Jeff Driskel than Mason Rudolph
Hilton leading the team in sacks as we all expected
Mike Hilton is a fucking dawg
Mike hilton has gotten so much better. Hes insane right now
What an ensamble of plays Hilton stringed together
Is Watt hurt? I saw Highsmith that whole last series.
Mike Hilton’s drive
"that 3 points is on the offense, cant always expect a bailout kick from your own endzone.  Get one first down at least"
Mike Hilton is a dawg
Lololololololol
conner on the corner
THEY GOT THERE ON THE CORNER
"""Big out there on the corner, big out there on the corner, big out there on the corner"""
Washington James Washington 7 foot 20 Washington
Hang out there in the corner
I'm glad im not the only one who got that
Not sure if they've announced it on TV but the radio guys have confirmed that Lock is out
"Conners corner 

New slogan"
What about the corner
New official Pittsburgh theme song
"""-eg out there on the corner"""
oh mai gaa
Where are the Connor haters today?
Oh your mother was holding
"Jesus man if Diontae can just maintain possession of the ball, he's gotta be one of the most elusive players in the entire NFL"
Man he needs to tuck the ball that shit scares me
So is Dionte just... 1 bad mistake a game than playing damn good?  Cause... its still worrying if that is gonna be his new stigma.
Okay but catch the ball then point
Obligatory request for a source that streams the game for free.  Our local station is airing the NYG vs. CHI game.
Buggs has been very good in his snaps so far these 2 games
"Ben needs to sling it here and there, we need to keep the defense honest"
Starting QB and first round pick. Damn.
BUSH LAID THE WOOD
"I hope Judy isn’t hurt, but hits like that are what should happen when you catch a ball across the middle."
Looked like he led with shoulder in the replay I saw
Hope he is alright. But that's how you make sure if they can catch it or not! Good hit
Oof man they are running good play designs against our coverages.
Apparently injuries are so bad today there's a megathread over on /r/NFL.
Offense needs to put more points on the board. They can't compete against the Chiefs or Ravens when they're barely ahead of lesser teams.
Fuck you Gene. You always think the Steelers are in the wrong.
3 sacks already
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Hopefully gives DJ some confidence
Dammit!
"Needed some Stone Cold ""WHAT"" chants when that ref was talking"
Whole damn bar was cheering
How many years are we going to keep Danny Smith being sub optimal?
"Thats the call

that was nothing"
Always a flag on big returns man
Don’t fucking matter son!! Get it chase!
MAPLETRON!!!!!!
Claypool!!
LETS GO CHASE! WAY TO GET IT BACK ON THE NEXT PLAY! EMBARRASSMENT OF RICHES AT WR
Yessss!!! Claypool. Ben got hammered though
Oh shit. That just happened.
Can someone say stud?
Fuck yeah!
FUCK YEA!!!
Johnson is still an elite returner. And Claypool is such a good deep threat for Ben
THERES THAT FUCKING DEEP BALL I WAS WAITING
MAPLETRON!
He just abused that man. He has a family
flag that one WOOO
Fuck me. I love our WR corps. We just need #18 to use stickum.
You blink and you’d think there was no flag on that punt return.
I LOVE THIS MAN ALREADY
OMG YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
CHASE!!!!!!!!
Mapletron!!!! I knew he'd get one this week after doing the smart thing and sliding last week!!
Mapletron!!!!!!!!
CLAYPOOL
Ball doesn’t lie!!
LETS GOOOO!!! SEND IT BEN!! I'm glad that punt return got called back
GOD DAMN IT I SAT CLAYPOOL
Clean. TD
yoooooooo
Ben over here showing the world he hasn’t lost shit with his throws. What a beaut!
Damn that shit looked too easy
Claypool will be the number 1 next year even if we sign Juju
"I’m telling you, this Claypool kid is going to make yinzers smile for years to come."
FUCK YES
Best organization at drafting receivers
Omgggggg!!!!!
Confirmed!
That is a big man
"10 min ago people were shitting on Ben lol, he’s the man"
Has anyone seen who Pouncy has on his helmet?
Commentator banter is always fun
Thats it we’re going to the super bowl no doubt about it.
Of course Claypool scores his first TD when I go for a shit! FUCK!
Joe Haden tf happened there
Why does our defense always do this shit after a TD..
That won't keep happening.  Bound to get lucky every once in awhile
"Noooo. Get outta here, Driskel"
Our secondary looking a bit exposed today... but the run game tightened up after those first \~8 minutes.
Haden got Artie Burned on that play
THAT one is for all you fools saying Ben doesn’t have it. What a fucking dime.
Courtland Sutton is really good
Saaaaaaaaack attack
It's like Pkaxico & Martaivis had a baby.
#4th Sack
Fuck our Dline is amazing
I feel like the secondary has been kind of sus so far this season
Tyson is killing it out there
Broncos just wasting their timeouts in the first half.
NT factory
Who the hell is Pierre
Wow. That was a Dom Capers blitz.
Guys this is great!
Wouldn’t it be amazing if we had one fan in the stands jumping around to distract them while they try to kick the FG
I might be accused of overreacting here... but this is the best front seven we've had since the 70's
well rip this drive
Thanks for the good field position
Stupid play calling
didnt exactly punish them for that horrible decision to kick it
What in the fuck are they doing down there? Did they fall asleep? The game is not over Pittsburgh!!!
Shooting ourselves in the foot on these penalties
uhh guys you are supposed to run to the goal line
Love watching Diontae Johnson finding ways to get a few extra yards
That was the plan all along.
JOE MF HAYDEN!!!!
LETS GO HADEN YOU BEAST!!
LETS GOOOOOOOO 2 MINUTE DRIVE TIME BEN
I LOVE DEFENSE
this defense. just wow
YESSIR HADEN!
THERE GOES THAT D.
Lesssss go baby
HADEN LETS GO
Lets go 💪🏽
"Hey y'all I'm turning the game on late as I was on nights last night and accidentally overslept through the first quarter. 

How are they looking? I've seen a couple sacks and the Haden interception since I turned on. What happened to Drew Lock?"
Now I get why we just gave up on that drive.  Just let Daddy defense take care of it.
This defense is a monster
Only place Haden is going is to the end zone to celebrate
Defense to the rescue!  Love having this defensive squad as they take much of the pressure off of Ben in trying to win the game just with his arm.
Terrible play call. Left 20 seconds on the play clock and then a predictable handoff to Conner.
Fuck did we run it for lmao
Pussy football. Be aggressive
Stop saying that before he kicks
DPOY ALERT
PURE WATTAGE
Driskel is gonna die
Watt's up
Our defense is so unfair my goodness. I love it
get down for WATT?
TJ!!!!!!!
"Wait, didn’t Driskel play for the Lions last year on Thanksgiving?"
TJ FUCKING WATT
Kind of disappointed we didn’t let one rip there and possibly set up a field goal
"Damn, Saquon injury looks bad. Hope he's okay."
4th and social distancing 😂😂
Jimmy G and Saquon out God damn
"Never heard one thing about Dotson

perfect"
Still not sold on Connor
Can we call a play for juju holy shit
"Randy is the sort of guy who will only throw rock for years but then one day to settle something pointless with a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors he throws paper.

He then goes right back to throwing rock."
What kind of fucking drive was that
absolute duck of a throw
That was fucking awful playcalling
What the fuck was that? Fucking make something happen offense damn.
Yo Ben set that block in the back up...tight!
"Ben: ""*aight buddy, catch this and go die in a corner*"""
"classic Ben interception, savvy vet move to make that a block in the back lol"
"God fucking damn it... after all that time to make a throw and it's picked. 

*Slams head on desk*"
if he would have overthrown that it would've been catchable
Giving Denver the momentum. Again the offense blowing it and making the defense buy them out.
Is todd haley back?
12 sacks in a game current record. Is this Steelers D talented enough to get close?
"One of the ugliest throws I’ve ever seen, reminds me of ones I threw in the backyard as a kid."
What in the fuck sort of throw was that?!
Uh oh. Ive seen this movie before
why does it seem like ben ALWAYS throws an interception versus denver?
Lmao fuck Nick Vannett
Rookie mistake by Ben jesus
3rd and however many you need I guess...
"I swear to God...don't do this, guys"
Veteran qb? Hes started like 8 games
"Trying to go for it all instead of chip their way there. Now they gotta settle for three. 

Hopefully the offense comes out with a fire under their asses to do something."
Feel the Steel
"Our offense NEEDS to give our D a break here, we gotta get a drive going"
This offense is totally out of sync. What are they doing?
What is this playcalling
We are going very intermediate on offense today which is kinda interesting. I thought we’d attack their secondary
I wish they would just run a 2 min offense
Bills fan here because of a weather delay in freaking Miami. Don't think Denver is done yet but looking good for Pittsburgh
"Samules is too much of a tell

on the field = pass play NO MATTER WHAT

at least he knew where the stick was"
Give me some Claypool!
Has anyone noticed that we always move the ball when we pass on 1st and 2nd? I guess Randy hasn’t noticed
"We gotta get rid of Fichtner, it's detrimental to what this offense can achieve"
Fucking screen plays.
Ben must've saw he was down around 50% completion percentage and said NOPE go to pump those numbers up
Washington James Washington 7 foot 20 and he weighs a ton.
Screens make me scream sometimes
Really stretching them out horizontally this drive. A great OC would have an interesting play after this.
Why use a timeout
Ben didn’t like that call.
Take the dump off there
2-9 on third down.
Holy fuck this offense is frustrating
\*groan\*
We might be able to afford a few bumbled 3rd downs against the broncos but that's going to fly in the ravens games
With the D we have we shouldn't punt the rest of the year
This is because we went away from the run game and switched to the screen game. We were moving the ball when we ran it
3rd and 2 then 4th and 2.... and no success. FML
thank god for the steelers defense because our offense is questionable to say the least
Relax.
Fitz isn't having a great game
Fuck these refs
Another star player hurt... Dak... Urinating Tree going to have another LONG fucking injury segment to the fallen this week
"I just want to point out this CBS broadcast production is god awful, and Gannon just sounds like he is reading a script."
It’s not like Denver’s defense is overwhelming the Steelers offense. They just can’t get anything done today. We’re lucky for that big play or we’d be at risk of being down here.
Fuck you refs
Bro what did Fitz do in the offseason???
Tuitt sack incoming
So many rookie mistakes this game. The lack of a preseason is showing.
Of course they call that one
Jesus christ. This is getting ridiculous
STUPID FUCKING PENALTIES
Stupid penalties keeping them in the game
YOUR JOKING RIGHT
Lmao that is unbelievable
It wouldn't be the Steelers if it wasn't a nailbiter
Soft calls today
Bleh... the 'launch' calling... so stupid... that actually makes the impact less heavy than running through him.
WEAK call
Ref have them that
This is pathetic.
Steelers need to turn their fucking brains on
COVER FANT FUCKERS
And that is why you go for it on 4th and 2 at the end of the first half.
Fant is a mismatch for Bush
Is this 2019?
I'm so done
They're moving the ball with a backup QB and we aren't 🤷‍♂️
Classic Steelers Football right here smh
can our offense DO SOMETHING? how many times have we started at the 50 and did NOTHING with it
The Broncos always give us fits. Time to put on an 8 minute TD drive and win this game.
What the fuck is going on here
Why is it every time we play the Broncos we play so.fucking.sloppy.
Up 14 points with a whole half to go and Fichtner starts running plays to run out the clock?????
What a soft call on Hilton
Say what you want about the Steelers but we are a kind organization. Super conservative play calling starting at the end of the first half and lettings the Broncos stick around. Now that's just good manners.
There we go Ebron!
There's my guy Claypool!
"Claypool is about to have a 100 yard game

and like that he goes backward"
Screens...it’s like nothing has changed
Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkk I’m having an aneurism from all these screens and smokes
"SCREENS SUCK, only AB made them look good

and Martavius that one time"
Good hands JuJu
When have we ever had success w screen passes???
Incredible how many under the stix passes we do compared to fucking driscal
Thank goodness Juju saves us.
Randy Bubble Screen Fichtner
Juju is the master of right place right time this season.
Anyone else feel like Ben should just run the no huddle?
I hate ~~Haley's~~ Randy's playbook.
JuJu when it counts
"Ballsy, how about they execute the easy plays"
It's like we're literally playing prevent even on offense
The Steelers have turned the football over at least once in 25 consecutive games. The last game they did not turn the football over in was against the Panthers in Week 10 of the 2018 season
THAT’S STEELERS FOOTBALL
BALLER THROW
THANK YOU
OK FUCK YEAH DJ!
Classic \#7.
Now that was a BEN THROW!
LETS FUCKING GO!
Holy shit vintage ben!
VINTAGE
Can we have this offense for the rest of the game
OUR NEXT STUD
What a great catch! Next AB
Johnson makes it look so fucking easy sometimes.
2-0 here we come
I knew DJ was getting a TD this game!
Now I need the defense to not draw flags on 3rd and pop off
No reason why this offense can’t execute like that drive more often
There we go
BEN IS FUCKING BACK BABY
What a play!!!!
I like these WRs.
[deleted]
Ben did not want to run again
BIG BEN BABY
"""that was a mistake"" lmao"
What a terrible decision to take that out lol
That’s my QB
[Classic Ben](https://imgur.com/a/nVX9Nk5)
Oh man.. Haha gotta feel bad for the punter there.
This is quite fun to watch
We just play better when the scoreboard end zone is just painted with lines
Derek Watt sighting.
Momentum going back the other way. Keep it up!
SAFETY DANCE MOTHERFUCKERS!!
"Damn great safety, but woulda loved a TD."
"Thrusday football. Dolphins vs Jags.

Stache vs Beard"
I am enjoying this turn around.
Johnson is weird man
[MFW safety](https://imgur.com/a/EHTKH7A)
Watt living up to his rep on special teams
HOLY SHIT THAT MAN IS SHIFTY
Ffs I was still celebrating the safety
"Jesus, Benny."
"I like Snell, but if he can't hang on to the ball then Conner will continue to be the lead back."
Great return lmao
This is fucking insanity. Well out comes the football. Ugh.
"One step forward, two steps back"
"Joe Haden; CHEST BUMP
 
DJ : nah"
God damn it. Stop letting them back in
Snell has got to hang on to that.
"Just can't make it easy, can we?"
Hopefully the defense is not tired...
god fucking damn it
TOO MANY MISTAKES
What the fuck was that?
Snelldenhall
I swear it’s against this team’s philosophy to put games away.
Elway auditioning for his Marlboro commercial
Other teams get called for holding?
"Get a Snell on the field, wait I told you Connor was the best!"
Elway looking husky.
Refs are out to get us today
Might be the weakest PI call I've ever seen
Can the refs take a fucking break for 5 minutes. Let the fucking teams decide the game assholes.
How exactly is that PI
oh fuck you refs.
This team just needs to shut them the hell out. You're playing a 2nd string QB in Pittsburgh. There's 8 minutes left. Don't need to let them get within 3 again.
execute the refs
Why are all the penalties going one way?
Surprised there was no DPI flag there
Hold them to a FG and it will still be a 2 possession game
Live that Hilton’s a hitter but it’s possible he coulda picked that
Why is it with giving up 3rd and longs?!?
Hahahaha this shit is unbelievable
I love how everyone screams for Snell yet he can’t hang on to the fucking ball lmao
This game is just way to fucking close
Fuck me.
Our Defense has been slacking these final minutes
Defense looking bad right now.
HOW ARE WE LETTING THE GARBAGE ASS BRONCOS STAY IN IT
Jesus christ. A fucking team with all 2nd string players and we can't put them away.
Unpopular opinion but this defense needs some work. Team like KC will shred us.
"These calls are keeping them in the game, absolutely horrendous"
Our ability to make backup quarterbacks look like prime Brady
How did we go from amazing man coverage last year back to this pathetic soft zone shit
"Getting matchup issues of LBs on TEs on crossers and on RBs on wheels. Late releases making it even harder to find and maintain appropriate leverage in coverage. 

Picks are hurting too."
"I have no idea what's happening today. I can't make heads or tails of this game. Defense has 2 takeaways and a ST scored a safety, yet it's still a 1 possession game? Miss me with that"
Look at the positives here: we have an offense that might be able to put games away again. Still plenty of time for our defense to find consistency too
"Ah that hurts.  If that is complete, he has quite a bit of room to run"
"What a fucking joke. They know they're up by 5, right?"
Ben is throwing a bit behind but that was catchable
No Flag?
Roughing the kicker
we need a pick 6 right here. come on D
We really have beaten ourselves in this one.
"not a great throw, but you have to catch that"
We all know how this one ends
"c'mon D, do it right this time."
Team just looks horrible
If this is a legit defense then they will get a stop here when they really need it.
"I would hate to have to tackle Melvin Gordon, the dude is such a violent runner."
please bail us out defense
when i told my girl this game was gonna get ugly. this is not what i meant!
I am worried
"Again, we should not be in this type of situation smh."
damn Nelson had him that kid couldn’t even move his arm LMAO
How did we go from 17-3 to this when the other team has a back up qb
"Great job, Hilton."
I actually think they were going for the Flaco special on that long pass.
BINCE
Oh look. A flag
Fuck this.
FUCK THESE REFS
"P-P-PLEASE REFS.. ""REMEMBER THE DEAL WE HAD?"" -broncos"
these refs.....some things never change.
Defensively: tale of two halves. Where did our pass rush go 2nd half??
Good grief
oh come on
Hahahaha holy shit
Godfucking damnit why
Omfg
This is a shit show.
Well this is turning into a monumental fucking collapse
 Back up QB ripping apart our d
Hope Ben has a game winning drive in him
"If Steelers  lose to the banged up Broncos, I may cry      😢😢"
Steelers should have had no fucking problem beating Denver and they can easily lose this
Maybe don’t put Bush one on one with Fant anymore
lol we suck
Shitty penalties all game and now a wasted timeout
Really getting killed w PI calls two games into the season.
Can we actually cover instead of blitzing Hilton every play.
It's essentially a timeout to give our D a breather with the added benefit of maybe getting an incompletion call.
It’s using the timeout anyway and just getting more from it
Fuck... playing shitty against shitty teams as usual.
Absolute horrid showing by the coaching staff
Can the Steelers please not lose this game lol
"Ok a couple years ago, I'd have given up because our D used to be terrible but I have faith in this D. Get that stop!!"
"i thought steelers were pretty good, but after this game? nah lmao"
Slice of green
If Denver wins this I’m gonna be really pissed off
"Honest question:


Did our fumbles increase when we let that running back coach go?"
CBS needs to start putting out idiot DC on camera more.
Need a turnover
Why the fuck does this team always play down to their competition????
"Oh, mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law..."
I'm ready to be hurt.
We need the first half defense ASAP
[deleted]
Defense went from elite to dog shit over halftime
MY MAN EDMUNDS
Edmunds!
TERRELL
EDMUNDSSSS
"that was a ballsy call

blitz the safety?"
Edmunds of all people lol.
Edmunds...wow!!!
"OMYGODYES, EDMUNDS!"
SAVED BY EDMUNDS
My heart has exploded but I think I'll make it. Thank you D.
My fellow Hokie making a huge play.  Nice Rell.
Steelers-24 Broncos-10 Refs-11 Broncos ST- -2
Thank fuck our defense is legit
Of course Edmunds makes the game saving play
"Are we really just going to ignore how we have been getting after the QB all game and all of a sudden we are getting stonewalled with no holding calls?

Offense has fucked us multiple times, but these refs have been keeping them in the game. This years Saints game."
Thank God for that sack.
WHOA EDMUNDS WHHHHAAATTT
TERRELL EDMUNDS SAVIOR OF PITTSBURGH
Literal best play Edmunds has ever done
"Wow, of all people. I’ll take it."
Lol at everyone thinking we would lose
Shot out of a fucking cannon
"'Driskel knows they are in total control.'

Then the Broncos offensive line gets manhandled by our defense.

The next immediate play is a turnover on a sack. 

Get fucked."
Edmunds I never doubted you ..... noooooaat
Hell yes! Finally defense makes a stop.
ATTA BOY EDMONDS!!!
Edmunds redeems himself!!!
DENVER CAN EAT SHIT. FOH WITH THOSE BS CALLS. LETS GOOOOO
DEFENSE!!!
They’ve gotta start using Watt. WTF man
"Saw the sack before I realized who it was, almost died of shock when they said Edmunds."
Still waiting for the flag.
Was fully expecting a flag on that sack
FUCK YA CONNER!!!!!!
Elite running back james conner with 600 yard scamper
James Fucking Connor!!!!
That'll do James. That'll do.
Connor is so fucking slow
Conner was bad last week but that run was huge. Great team play turning a TD down to kill the clock
Watt with an awesome block
Imagine if we used the singleback formation throughout the game and let our run game actually have a fucking chance.
"I thought he was making a smart play and not getting greedy for the TD, but after watching the replay I can't tell if that was the plan or if the DBs were just much faster"
Oh no must be hard going against the mighty Jets
"HUGE RUN JC

HUGEEEEEEEEE 💪💪"
"I don't give a fuck if Brady plays for Tampa, I hope we go in and stomp his ass just because."
"May not have been a pretty win, but a win is a win. Having Ben back I never feel like we are out of the game. Some of you need to have more faith in our guys!"
Saved by Terryll Edmunds
Winner winner chicken dinner
It was messy but a win is all that matters
This game was ugly. Way too close. Too close for me to feel good going forward. Team needs to seriously learn from this.
"Ugly win

We take those baby"
"Ugly win, but it’s a good win"
a W is a W
Experience. Steelers. Football.
"The amount of people who don't know his name.. Is still too damn high this late into his career. Sad. Anyway, if snell doesn't fumble when he did, that's an easy win"
What a terrible game. Take away the long TD and we've done nothing all game. Can't bank on your defense to bail you out all the time. I guess Benny Snells good game last week means nothing to this coaching staff. Connor looks like he's running in sand.
[deleted]
"Sigh, this offense has a LONGGGGGG way to go to make strides against real defenses"
THATS A FUCKING TERRIBLE NO CALL
With a full healthy Broncos team today I’d fear we would be losing
Where's the roughing the kicker penalty???
I mIsS sWitZeR aLrEaDy
34 made a play wtf
I miss Berry
Dj is the most chaotic player ever
Crazy how this insanely talented defense keeps getting all these lucky breaks with turnovers and shit.
"Can you imagine...this offense, this defense, AND a competent OC? Think of the possibilities."
THANK YOU Minkah. We only gave up 3.
Coaching is an absolute F right now. I can’t believe how we’ve mismanaged virtually every possession for like two full quarters now
Thank god for the defense because our offense still needs weeks of reps to get clocking. This isn’t promising against a team riddled with injuries and a rookie corner
THESE ZEBRAS ARE ACTUALLY SO ASS I SEE WHY WE HAD A TOILET PAPER SHORTAGE
refs slobbin on denver d1ck
nah im done with these refs cya
Lmao at the people saying Snell was a mistake but are forgetting the games we lost because of Conner’s fumbles
That’s not a catchable ball
 Stupid waste of a challenge as the cherry on top. Horrible loss.
Are we seriously about to blow this shit to a backup quarterback?
[deleted]
JC is slow as hell. Should’ve been an easy TD
Diontae’s so damn bipolar so far. One great play followed by a boneheaded one. I’m half expecting him to muff a punt and return it for a touchdown in the same game at this rate lol
"Now that you all see how Dupree has developed, maybe start cutting Terrell Edmunds a little more slack?"
Remember when this sub wanted to bench conner???
Why didn't tomlin throw the flag? That was clearly a fumble.
Goff 12/12 145 yards 2 TDs against the Eagles. Unreal.
Jeudy got jacked...I see a concussion protocol in his future.
"I really really hate seeing an injury like that. Throw never should have happened because that's a recipe for a huge hit, especially with someone like Bush across the middle. Bush has to try to hit the ball out though, so he made the right play."
Must be nice having a capable backup
I want Snell
dude what are we doing
"wow they literally don't want to ever get a nice safe lead

that play calling was what you do with 90 seconds left not 4 min"
Minkah silent all game then commits a blatant horse collar
"Broncos fan here, just wanted to say, regardless of the penalties, I really love seeing Minkah Fitzapatrick vs. Jerry Jeudy. Both played at Alabama and love seeing them go toe to toe today."
Inconsistent refs man
This has to be investigated for a fix right?
Bush can’t cover Fant 1-1 need to adjust
"This game should be out of touch but instead is a FG game

this is pathetic"
Jeff Driskel lol... Really guys
Bush fucked 2x in a row
Should’ve paid bell. Yet I get downvoted every time. Lmao.
Is minkah still on the roster?
"If we lose this game I’m going back to the end of the first half, 12 seconds, at our own 35 with a timeout and the offense playing well and we just kneel on it"
Nice challenge you fucking idiot
Mike Tomlin challenges are unmatched
terrible challeng wtf
"If we lose here then they have no business being considered a contender. They lost winnable games last year too. Coaching is clearly failing this team year in and year out. 

Find a way to beat injured or weaker competition teams. The Steelers don't seem to be capable."
Connor is a slow ass running back.
Fuck all y’all Conner haters
I don’t remember the last time I saw that long of a run by the Steelers lol
James Conner on back to back plays is asking to punt.
Put in Snell already
Can we fucking not with conner. Jesus christ.
same problem as always can't put teams away
We really gonna let them get back in this with a backup QB
"Same old Steelers, playing down to their competition, sitting on weak leads, and gonna lose to a backup qb with a depleted offense and defense missing some key figures as well.

Really want to see them use Claypool more, and just let Ben play all. Randy sucks dick."
"We're good. But two things to work on:

Defense is too reliant on turnovers.

Predictable, unimaginative offense."
Well our running backs suck
Called it. Denver Refs vs Pittsburgh Steelers.
“Best defense in the nfl”
Mike Tomlin is a fucking moron. Terrible challenge. Again.
Here we go....2-0 baby.
"LETS GO BABY!!!!

WHO RIDE!?!?"
Anyone have a good stream?? They are playing the stupid Buffalo game in Erie!
"Bar open, seated, wings, beer.

LETS GO!!!!!"
"What's up with the Broncos this year? I didn't watch the Broncos last week but I feel like this might be one of those games where we have 200 users in this thread turning to a drink or 20 by halftime because we underestimated the Broncos.

Edit: Still fired up! And confident here!"
LETS GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
"Got Chinese food, myself and the dogs are in our jerseys, a nice hybrid ground up, victory pre-roll on stand by, and I'm fucking ready for kick off!"
God Damnit stop trying to play James Connor
I could eat a goddamned tree
Vic wearing a foam hoodie or something thing looks weird
LFG
It’s 3am and I’m ready to kick some ass.
Minkah is everywhere
Man Jerry Jeudy really has dick fingers
"Phone fucking rings just before kick off, get off the phone to see that completion, fan-fucking-tastic."
"Checking in from richmond, va. Let's go boys!"
We start so slow
Weak ass flag
The idea of no one being able to run against us again....
Didn’t realize Vannett was on the Broncos now
Why does our D always look like the retirement home squad at the beginning of every game
Come the fuck on...
How do you miss him??????
"Lock saw the middle open up for a run then 

BAM nope"
You have to get that sack...
Two whiffed sacks Jesus
Nice Bush rush
"Anyone see what Mosert is doing for the 49ers?

Man I wish Willie Parker showed up in 2020 and not 2004."
Bush giving out high fives
BIG BEN TIME
Good shit by Bush
Ouch!
Should of let it bounce into the end zone.
Dionte is just a football player.  Broke every rule there and got basically two first downs there.
Stick to football pat. Oof.
Anybody know a stream for this? I think [powerspike.net](https://powerspike.net) got copyright claimed
Barely made it back in time for kickoff. Fishing was on fire this morning and I am sore and ready for steelers to give me a hearty attack!
Who's announcing this game?
THATS 2 DEONTE
well thats not a good offensive start....
"Almost every other game had a score within the first couple minutes, makes me even happier our defense is so solid"
"Draw on second and long, take a shot."
Claypool!
Claypool is a great tackler so far
diontae man
He’s fumbling handoffs now... absolutely killed the first drive
Big fuckin hole
Yeah saw that coming. That counter was waiting on him since the first drive
Darth Tomlin rocking them aviators as usual.
How about our run defense gets going?
Wtf are yinz doing
They are running over us right now
Did the defense just fall asleep? Wtf?
Sheesh come one run D
There’s one type of run the Steelers can’t stop.  It’s stretch.
Running at Bud to slow his pass rush
The only corner I want to see tacking RBs is Mike Hilton in the backfield. What's going on?
"Ddddddddddddddd

Feeeeeeeeence"
Bang
LETS GO
Hell yeah D!
FUMBLE.  HELLZ YA
YESSS!!!
Wait is Lock ok?
Gotta love it.
Lock please keep doing more of that.  thatd be great thanks.
Bud giving me an erection.
YES SIRRR
Great turnover
Man Lock got planted!
JACKED UP
BAAAALLLLLL
RAISE THE CURTAIN!
THANK YOU MIKE AND THANK YOU BUD
Was his arm down before Bud hit him?
Buuuuuuud DuuuupReeeeeee!
This defense is so fast!!
"Oh shit, Lock is headed to the locker room."
Fuck ya Juju
Conner first down! Let's go baby!
Bruh Johnson needs to get better gloves
Wait are we good?
Juju is getting this
bUt CoNnOr sUcKs aNd cAnT rUn ThE bAlL...
Woah that was scary
Conner heard us all talking😳
Run blocking looks really good so far. I wonder how much of it has to do with our run blocking specialist rookie guard
got lucky there
Got lucky there. Shiiiit
JAMES CONNER REDEMPTION WEEK
Drops man... Ebron and Johnson need to get serious
Yo that stiff arm tho
JU MF JUU
JUJU BIG MAN
JuJu is bowling through guys
I know it's too early but juju is making some plays. I like it
JuJu Smush-Shuster
Steelers fan watching in Northern Canada. Great to see Ben back
Juju’s a beast out here
Juju with ben is a different monster
Maybe it’s just me but juju is good
"Great drive, let's go"
Juju playing HARD
I hope Juju has a killer year this year. He deserves it.
James Conner!!! I still love you
Stiff arm!
"I swear to go that was better than any drive executed last year

balance run/pass, JuJu looked great, Connor looked good"
Connor got that explosion back
Why did my sister have to be a whore and not meet a nice kid like JuJu?
What’s with the nettint
Right side of the line is getting a good push on these runs
"The crowd noise is still creepy. But great work from JuJu and Conner this series.

Line has been holding up!"
"Can't drop those easy picks like that, but worked for us.  Nice long conversions that drive, love to see it."
Juju is hurt...a finger or something
Net malfunction lmaooo
BOZ IS STILL THE MAN
"Haven’t seen a drive like that from this team in forever, looking absolutely solid out there"
Shoutout to the Heinz field crew for somehow tangling up the FG net? First game jitters
James looks good so far!
*birdman hand rub*
We better feast on Jeff Driskel
Bud said NO
We got the better Dionte.
So we meet again driskell
That was quite a laser.
Play the run and blitz a lot. Do what they did with the giants now
Come on d don’t Let up now
minkah really does everything for us
anyone have a link?
 Can I get a PM if there is a replacement for Powerspike?  TIA!
Man what a gang tackle on Gordon
Ight we need to start watching the edges more
I feel Edmunds gets a lot of slack because better version of Kordell Stewart went to Baltimore a few picks later.
Haha Cowboys
Offensive line probs. Ugh.
Saquon is hurt now as well
what’d they say about james conner?
"God damn we need to keep Ben upright, it's the only thing that can sink us"
Well at least it wasn't the RG position... right?
The fuck was that play call
Empty Heinz Field is something huh
Our special teams is abnormally good this year. That is a good omen.
3rd and 18 lets screen it 😑
Mike fucking Hilton. Pay him too
Vannett sleeper cell activated
edmunds. giving up another first down.
hilton coming from the locker room for another sack lol
Cam Heyward! (WE) PAY(paid) THAT MAN
Two sacks in two games already for Hilton.
Man... Having to get rid of Hilton is gonna suck scrote.
Highsmith spotting
Hilton having himself a game. Will be sad to see him go
Pay Mike Hilton
Fuckin hilton man!!!!
"Mike Hilton, My goodness!!"
MIKE HILTON
Defense bullying this drive goddamn. Hilton is so good
I love this defense so damn much
Did they say anything about watt? I didn't see him that whole series
That cat commercial is adorable
Ah Pittsburgh. Looking forward to visiting again one dsy
Ayo that fumble!!?? Should’ve been our ball and no fg
CBS is having all kinds of trouble today
What in tarnation???
wtf was that
wtf was that???
Conner redemption game
That was disgusting
Why does Conner look like shit one week and then look so much better the next?
What up with the technology today
"'Wooooo! Oh my god!!'

Someone either really liked what they saw or fucking hated it."
"After last week, I thought holding wasn't a penalty anymore, but of course it is against us."
GREAT run after catch there
3rd and 10. Time for a vintage Big Ben deep ball
Bionic Ben.
Bush ever so slightly glanced his helmet. That can't be a fine can it? He tried so hard to make sure that didn't happen
Jeudy looks like he's in pain. I hope he's okay
I dunno if Jeudy is getting up after that hit. Damn Bush laid his ass out.
"Ah, Doug Judy's brother"
"Bush laid one on him tho

Great hands on jeudy, hope he's okay"
Im missin the game i need a good stream to watch it help guys.
Anyone else notice how superb the camera work is without fans in the stadium?
And Bush showing how to hit hard LEGALLY
That must have been a hell of a smack by Bush
I feel like I would be way more interested in a Smart Watch if it wasn't dependent on having my phone around all the time.
Steelers D broken good
"Oh, he dead!"
better be a .5 sack for Cam and TJ
Seems to be lots of grabs on our dline.
Cam's helmet looks so small
"Fucking flag fuck



Fuck"
First Watt sack of the year
Lol that wasn’t leading with helmet. Bunch of 🐱
FUCK OFF REFS
Mandatory flag. Fuck this league.
That’s what you wanna see on 3rd down!!
Heyward bulldozed his man holy shit
Were only leading by 4... anyone else nervous with our lack of offensive production?
Fucking flags. Diontae is something else tho
Well that was fun to watch... for a second or two
fuck
SO FUCKING WEAK
Yep.. putting your hands up like that means you just did something wrong lol
Barely touched him
Looked like he dove to make the tackle. Weak call
the fucking refs man
TD MAPLETRON!!!!!
BALL DON'T LIE
CHASE!
CHASE..!!!!FUK YA
"LOL 

Claypool can not be bodied by a DB"
HOLY SHIT!!!!! PLAY THAT MAN MORE HE'S GOOD EVERY TIME HE'S ON THE FIELD
Hahahaha fuck you Denver!!!
There’s that deep ball baby
AYYYYYY CLAYPOOL
Ben and Claypool said we’re getting the touchdown anyway
That makes up for it
LETS GO FUCK FLAGS
HOLY SHIIIT
CLAYFUCKINGPOOOLL
LETS GO CHASE
"Even with the penalty, THATS why we stuck with DJ and not Switzer"
holy shit yes!!!!
To whoever wondered where Claypool was... there he is!  Getting in to spell Dionte after the runback lol
That. Was. Beautiful. 😭
Weak sauce on that call
MAPLE!!!
"Chase ""wallace"" claypool"
Claypool man what a beast
MAPLETRONNNNNNNN
what a fucking joke of a call
Dear lord. This dude is inhuman.
jesus christ
Let's fucking go!
holy effing fuck
To bad Eli. Nice knowing ya
Wow I loved that
LETS FUCKING GO
Let's hoodoo!!
Someone here predicted claypool gets another amazing catch. YOU WERE RIGHT BABY
give us the fucking Lombardi the season is a formality
Ben is a fucking goat man. Just wow
Switzer couldn't have caught that deep ball either
Any room left on the Claypool train?
CHASEE
MAPLETRON!!!
MAPLETRON
holy crap that gave me goosebumps
NEVER MIND lol.
LETS FUCKING GOOO
Least we have him when JuJu dips because we can’t afford him (juju)
Fuck
This D makes a bad play then makes up for it with a good one. You’ve gotta love it
Haden what the fuck man
"Damn, they came right back. Game on."
Joe haden been looking pretty shit
Waste that timeout
Haden has been worrying me a bit. First the flag and blown coverage
keep him in there hes on fire
More points on the board before the half? Well if the Broncos' offense insists on giving it right back to us.
Wow! Make em pay for giving us great field position!
Got a good feeling I'll be smoking another victory pre-roll this week.
Let’s go Ben
This is a go to the half with the lead drive.
Let’s put Snell in for a few snaps
Hell yeah brothers
YES
Haden!!n
Our defense!!!!!!
Letsssss fucking go
JOE IS AT IT AGAIN
HEY JOE
WE OUT HERE
Smokin' Joe Haden!!
This defense is special man
BIG MONEYYY JOOOEEEE
Oh man Joe Haden!
Get some Haden!
Haden!
what was that drive? thats the third terrible drive.
A GIFT!
LETS GOOOOOOOO
Experience Steelers Football
I  wish we had a good offensive coordinator
A ton of injuries around the league today to key guys.. lets hope we get a win and keep the guys we have healthy.. it hit our o line Monday night pretty hard.
"&#x200B;

**Hadenade!**"
Best defense in the league
yikes that was a tight window
Run it up before the half
Go for it Fitchner you cunt
Why. Shotgun. Why. Shotgun.
why didn't they take that playclock all the day down
GO FOR IT
Go for it
Bozgod fake TD
Nothing wrong with the safe option
Cowher would have kicked.
HIGH WATTAGE
Driskel is gonna be lucky if he finishes the game the way he's getting hit.
Driskell got thrown to the Wolves today
TJ with sack 2!
"Yeah I don’t think there’s any flag there, but whatever"
Steelers v geldings
"Looking good, keep it up boys."
Bruh mostert is injured now too rip the Niners
"Yeah these injuries are unfortunate, hope none are serious"
"Holy fuck, injuries everywhere"
Nice ray ray
What a return! Go Ray Ray!
"Ray Ray is legit on Kick Returns, expect him to get one   to two house calls this season"
Okay can we actually split carries with Snell now
"Rip buffalo/Miami. First they lose the feed, now the games delayed. Maybe that’s a good thing though, let them fix difficulties. Also holy shit, nice return"
This is a complete team
Fuck Ray Ray is fast
Maybe try snell
Finally Conner caught one
I thought they said Conner and Snell were gonna split carries??
Conner playing well but I’d like to see more Benny too!
Stop playing so conservative
What the fuck play was that
This is some shit play calling.
James Conner isn't that good
Ben
"&#x200B;

Omg wtf was that Roethlisberger?"
FUUUUCK
That was a duck
What is it with us and screens
God damn it you gotta be shitting me
Soooo uh can we throw to our actual receivers?
what the hell was that?
Ben
Ben Mason Rudolph Roethlisberger
Cmon Ben. What the fuck was that?
Rookie mistake ben
Let me just throw this up
"idk what it is man but i just dont like conner, everytime i watch im just disappointed"
noooooooooooo
Our playcalling has been dogshit
Really bad decisions by Ben that drive
What the in the name of things of that nature was that fucking throw?
Nick vannett sleeper cell activated
Atleast our D is fresh
That might be the most questionable play from Ben I've ever seen haha. Not concerned because he's been fine for the most part otherwise this game. The playcalling that drive was just atrocious.
Did Cam just headlock Gordon? Lol
Bleh... that was just a stupid horsecollar...
Fucking christ
lol that was a “I’m dead tired” tackle from Minkah
Silver lining to goal to go situations is Fitzpatrick can't play 35 yards off the ball
This is where the Steeler D is toughest. Packed in.
Shot ourselves in the foot smh
Let's get it together defense. Hold 'em to three at least.
Decent recovery D!
BLOCK IT!!!!
I can't stand these announcers.
"We got lucky with that one whew. Ben can’t do those throws. At the same time, he tends to make those types of mistakes every season lol. Either way, lucky our defense is beast"
"on the benterception, ben had about 20 ft of clear space to run up. come on man."
"You know, establishing the ground game would go a long way."
The drops...
I got Big Ben to Juju for TD on this drive.
Stop running backwards to the LOS!
Good to see JaySam in the game
"I don’t know if it’s just me, but our offense needs a little bit MORE. Besides the claypool td, Ben hasn’t been throwing as many long ones. Our run game is very hard hitting, but what’s the point of hard hitting if it’s just to hit a wall you know lol. Idk, all I want is the offense to stay in longer. 

As I type this, I’m already eating crow but I want it to happen more, just so our defense stays fresh"
Anyone see that Julio drop? I’d act like my leg hurt too.
"there you go 3 step drop ball out, get in rhythm"
Go for it
Nice catch JuJu!
cmon man throw it to the sticks
Offensive line is doing a great job adjusting and holding up as the game goes on. Started off shaky as hell but they are doing pretty damn well now.
That would’ve been the perfect time to run it
Why did we not run a play....
what the heck is going on
??????????????????????
That was a bit silly
Why are we not running the ball?!
Why? Just why?
Jesus just let the D play all game.
Minkah Baby gimmie something
Great job offense! Giving our defense pretty decent field position. Get a turnover here and then put Watt in as our running back and Bush at fullback and we might score.
Pitiful offensive series
"Wrap and tackle, folks!"
"Fucking Dak is out now for cowboys. Goddamn, this is the most bloody nfl Sunday that I can recall right now"
So we just not calling holding today
Fitz come on man
SO THE REFS CALL THAT SHIT AND NOT THE SHIT BEFORE? FUCK OFF
But you make sure to call that PI lol
can’t even lie those were nice handles by jeudy
That 2.... 2 penalties on Fitz...
Minkah baby what is you doin
We keep getting exposed on that weak side counter and trap this game...
One dumbass penalty after another.
Getting sloppy come on boys
"and here we go

standard is the standard"
You can't hit the qb like that come on
Sure
Need to tighten up. Everyone is too loose
I feel tinfoil hatty right now
soft fucking call
lol
Get a turnover. Get a turnover. Get a turnover. Get a turnover. Get a turnover.
Fuuuuuck
Classic Vannett. Useless.
our team is so sloppy right now.
"Uhhh, guys. There’s 4 quarters in a game."
Well that's some bullshit
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
Where was the coverage there?
Thats the right call
Well Shucks
This sucks.
Cool cool
Jesus Christ
What the fuck are we doing man
Denver doesn't even have to try. Cool
First game it was because they we loading up for Barkley. But this week's secondary is looking troublesome.
This sub should call Hilton's bs plays as often as his very good ones
This physically hurts me
Cmon this a JV offense there facing with injuries
WTF BUSH
Oh look we’re starting to bend over and let them have their way with us. Nice
This is embarrassing
Haven’t we learned that Bush is not good in coverage??
"Nothing is fucked here, dude."
"We need points on this drive, at least a FG"
"great D plus penalties is average defense 

bad play calling is bad play calling

the story of this game"
"We need to answer, I swear we try to makes these games close."
our offense is fucking sleep walking that drive is on them
Ok. time for 5 plays TD..
Ben is still Ben though. He’s clutch af. We’ll be alright
"On the bright side, our O line has been looking amazing"
FINALLY!!!!
7/11 baby
In going to hack fichners cpu and delete these no RB screen passes.
Randy fichtner special
These screens
Holy shit that wasnt a screen
Fucking SCREENS WHY
JUJU
Thank God juju was there
Pringles Monday!
Juju was on the beat there!
Go for it
"Don't even throw to the sticks

WTF"
NICE LOL
Wow that actually worked...
Thank fucking god
GO FOR IT
Thank God
Oh shit PRINGLE MONDAY
Pringle Monday?
Juju 💛❤️💙
Omfg throw for the fucking sticks for fucks sake. Idr we’ve made one of these work.
Can we stop doing screen passes?
Hard earned 5 yards
Also the fuck is that helmet shot by the Broncos defender?
Good timing for a successful 4th down conversion
Run dude run
Fuck yes!
FUCK YEAH DIONTAE
HELLZ ya
Good answer. Good DJ
YESSSSSS
"Ooooo la la ah wee-wee, Diontae."
There we fucking go! Defense keep the flags to a zero please lol
BANG!!!
hell yeah
Good play from Ben there. I haven't seen him look that good in years.
DJ!!!!!!!!
Vintage Big Ben right there. I fucking love it!!!
GReAT! Now do it again and again and again and
Arm check out
Ben's confidence meter just went up
That’sa little better feeling
Have more faith
"I dont see why they dont do that all the time, the make it seem so effortless"
"Perfect drive Tomlin, great play calling!"
Let’s see how this defense responds... after giving up a TD and after the O scores a TD. Let’s see a 3 and out at the very least! Preferably a turnover! Lol
DEF Td incoming...
Claypool with the tackle. Love that
Man I would not want to get hit by Mapletron
"Ok chase, let’s cool it"
"People always get mad when I say this, but James Conner is pretty bad. Wish our running game was actually potent"
Bince
BINCE!!!!
"'Since throwing his interception he has completed 14 of his last 15 throws.'

[Me.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/mobile/000/032/730/He_Is_a_Man_of_Focus_Commitment_and_Sheer_Fucking_Will_Banner.jpg)"
BUSH YES! Way to keep him contained and not overextend. That’s huge for a young guy to show that growth in just two series.
SAFETY BABY! LETS GO!
Swarmmmmm!
Danny Smith the god
BOOM!
🙏
THE OTHER WATT
Oh Hell Yes!!!
🙏🏻
Safety!
Noah Fant? More like Noah Can't get no yards.
WATT BROS
Just know guys that if Mason Rudolf was the QB we wouldve lost this game.
"A special teams safety. Man, been a while since I've seen our ST score like that"
Lmao that’s fuckin tuff
"Our D!

Wow"
Derek Watt got that safety?! good for him.
Does anyone know if they play Renegade to an empty stadium?
UH OHHHHH UH OHHHHH
Defense been big this game. Just gotta get a few more points to put it away
"Damn, Dionte got them jukes"
Dionte Johnson continues to impress
"That was fucking funny. Diontae is all like ""can't break me doooooooown""."
"Love this kid, may come out slow in the 1st qtr, but hes got the stuff"
Our return game is off to a great start this season
Fumble woes continue
Next Devin Hester
Why can’t we just win
"'When you have a play break apart like that it's a real buzzkill.'

Speak for yourself, I'm riding high as hell on this shit."
Cool let's give this one away
Is snell on drugs wtf is that
Fuck man I thought we genuinely might get a ST safety followed by a ST TD. DJ is great in space
Diontae is a crazy returner
Good return by Diontae
4th quarter team
Johnson lighting it up
Why can't we ever have anything good!
We keep shooting ourselves in the foot
🤮
Sonuva...
"Everyone gonna say cut snell now, when they were calling for him to be our starter lol"
Well at least the D haven't had time to cool down
The football gods giveth and the football gods taketh
XD
We have an air attack and a defense. No run game
Motherfucker is trying to blow my -6.5
I wish we had Aaron Jones
Ahhh the 05 championship
Bush is innocent
Made a sarcastic post about putting Snell in. Forgot you guys not watching on cable are a little behind. Should’ve waited. So many comments of “well that aged well” I think my phone is malfunctioning
Bend dont break bois
watch fant plz
Refs gonna keep the Broncs in this
Watt pulled up?
These Denver drops are huge
Soft zone
Shit. That was a nice catch
Defense too afraid to near anyone or they getting flagged
Can we not.
Another big ben play calling drive
"You can't be mad about that, that was insane"
So many penalties
I never liked that buck tooth fuck Gordon (This comment is sponsored by Ekeler gang)
Damn. Legit throw and catch.
Are you fucking serious right now
"ugh, come on offense. need another td drive"
This defense needs consistency to be considered top tier. They allowed a back up QB to gash us twice for 2TDs. Gotta be kidding me
That was a legit catch. Holy shit....
Can’t wait to go 3 and out after that
I for one am nervous
Was a bad drive on D but our offense needs to give our D a break. These short offensive drives are leaving or D gassed and vulnerable.
We need some Ben making shit happen right now.
I think Dionte has pretty much redeemed himself from the early mishap.
Tomlin and the coaching staff ought to be embarrassed to be keeping Denver in it this long.
Thankfully a FG is enough to keep us ahead but a TD wins the game
"Dang, the second half has not been good for us.  We are being outscored 11-9 since the half by a backup.  We have to do better than this once we begin playing the division and its young QBs."
You can’t keep running shallow crossers this isn’t Madden for fucks sake.
Great catch
McDonald looking kinda thicc
Nice catch
I felt that hit from Vance
JESUS FUCK DIONTE
"Fuck sake.

Defence time"
Welp...we’re punting.
Vance domed that fool
Ben brother you gotta put it on these guys!
If he throws it farther right it gets picked
"Not often you see Big Ben get a ball batted down at the line, damn."
Catch the ball
oh lawdy are we going to lose to the 2nd string QB denver broncos
I get very nervous whenever Dionate is involved with any play
D is gassed
we about to blow this boys
This is absurd. So many drops and just bad football. We’re going to lose because our offense is just average if not below average.
Johnson...fuck
Throws haven't been great on crossers today
Off coverage soft zone all day. This is what you get
We'll get an INT
And now it gets interesting
In the defense we trust.
Panic.
Where did our pass rush go????
Nelson fucking stop
Defense needs to bail out the offense. I've seen this movie.
"Not a good game to not have any beer in the house.  Might have to raid my wife's wine, hopefully with the excuse of celebrating."
Not like this. Not like this.
Please stop them on 3rd down
they wanted to throw a flag so bad there
How the fuck are we going to blow this game to Jeff Driskel
Refs gift wrapping this one
FUCK OFF
What the fuck are these flags man. No way no way no way
This is almost as bad as the NBA at this point
were losing this games ourselves
GOD DAMNIT!!!
STOP COMMITTING FUCKING PENALTIES
"Oh, another late flag"
STOP FOULING
These refs man. No way man. What the fuck is this officiating
Fucking Edmunds. Dude is so fucking garbage.
You have to be fucking kidding me...
CMON
Just me or do we stop blitzing so much and help the secondary
Bush can't keep up with Fant.
So we’re seeing that if our DL doesn’t get to the QB our secondary is MEH?
FUCKING FLAGS
I’m gonna have a heart attack
That’s an insane play
No way that was a catch
So we're going to have to score to win
Good God dude
This is some shit.
Give me a fucking break
Oh come the fuck on with these penalties are critical times Jesus fucking Christ.
This game should be over but just bullshit after bullshit
League MVP Jeff Driskel
Bad challenge mike..
cant fucking buy a stop. damn it
"Shit tomlin, we need our timeouts"
What. The. Fuck.
That’s a catch.
That's a catch. Bad challenge
Wasted time out
Falling apart
Why waste the timeout on that challenge?
"It's CBS, home of the twilight zone."
We’re getting fucking jobbed lmao
Tomlin took the challenge to give the players a longer rest
Amd MT is 1-24 on challenges
"We need to pull some weird coach shit and have them watch how a crocodile kills it’s prey or something.

Because that kill switch is not there."
Please no
Useless challenge
I think we lose this challenge
Hate to say it but that was definitely a catch. Should not have a challenged that
"Cmon, championship defense-backup QB. Measuring stick for us right here"
You may actually need that timeout... not sure I'd have used it on a close challenge like that.
Do we not have a replay specialist?
"if they lose this they really need to look at the play calling in the first half, it was garbage outside of 1 drive and 1 deep ball"
"This is horrendous. Backup QB, several other injuries to Broncos.  Horrible."
"Devin Bush is abysmal is pass coverage, if I was them I'd hammer that TE"
Shocker /s
Dink and dunk
"Big 3rd down


Let's goooooo D"
Broncos are doing to us what we should have done to them.
Man At the end of the first quarter I totally saw the ending of this game going an opposite direction
a pick 6 would be nice right now. or a turnover.
Ok Budd. Time to earn that money
Blame the defense all you want but this offense has been absolutely impotent
"Christ I've only been able to take quick looks at the score today, and I'm still on the edge of my seat"
"6 sacks, 3 turnovers, a safety

and still in a position to lose this game"
"Fuck me, 2 yards. watch driscoll run"
That's so weird the QB just sacked himself
Duck ya
"Way to dial up the safety blitz, great call"
Yesssssssssss
What a weird game
Huge. Thank god!
WHO WOULD'VE THUNK IT
Edmunds!!!
"Never lost faith, Let's Fucking Go!!!"
Drisckell showing why he isn’t a good QB. Fantastic
Edmunds I apologize
holy shit edmunds
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
DREADLOCK POWERS
Pheewwwwwwww
Edmund's already paying off
The one thing edmunds has done all game!
FUCK YES
Jesus. If only it was over lol
 There’s da game!
Swear to God if yall fumble
Next 6 plays. Conner
Just don't give it straight back
jesus christ.. IS IT OVER NOW? HOLY FUCK.
Edmunds coming up big today
Finish it!!!!!!
LETS FUCKING GO
Team really needs to get it together the next few weeks if they want to be a playoff contender this season
Sorry Vic there's no flag to bail you out that time no matter how much you bitch for it on the side line.
A WIN IS A WIN. Let's move on.
Won by the skin of our teeth but I’ll take it
imagine that running out of the I formation for like the 2nd time all game
CONNER
[deleted]
and just like that people will look at the stat line and say Connor had a good day
" Wow, Denver really blew that."
"Conner > Snell. 

Fight me."
Thank god
INJECT IT IN MY VIENS
It was nice of us to let Denver almost win and drive our collective blood pressure through the roof.
Let’s fucking go!
"I was going to say we should call Conner, James “3 yard” Conner. Welp, guess not."
Watt with that block
I think that’s enough for a first down
RUN IT UP
"So, basically, we played a great game -- except for about 5 minutes.  I'll take that."
"Awesome block from Watt, great run from Conner!"
Did someone on this team need to beat the spread or what?
LETS GO BOYS
The refs tried their damnedest
Dotson with the Banner kneel down block
3...2...1...WIN
"glad we won, but holy hell that was far closer than it should have been"
"Closer than desired.

2-0 is 2-0.

I'll take it!"
3...2...1... WIN!
Gg boys
Oh thank god it's over LMAO.
coaching needs to be better but 2-0
A win is a win
2 for 12 on 3rd down against a mediocre D. Gotta get that shit fixed.
These refs are literally fixing the game what the fuck???
"The running back position is a weakness. Some depth, but it’s all average or below average players."
"The Pittsburgh Run, Run, Pass"
"Standard Edmunds ball skills there 

but at least he saw the ball"
These announcers suck
"Guys just a little heads up. Typically when STers are sitting on the couch in late August, they aren’t any good anymore. No matter who their dad is.

Learned that the hard way with legends like Ryan Succop or Broncos legend Marquette King"
"This defense ain’t on the players, the coaches have allowed them to slack off throughout the game"
Wasted challenge and timeout. Just walk off the field.
Classic Tomlin shit challenge.
#Fair Weather Fans
How is Connor that fucking slow though for a RB?
14 - 102 cOnNeR iS nO gOoD
Tiny cock Lock
Another week another bullshit PI call fucking kill me
Diontae will just never stop with the ball security problems.
"Know where you are, JuJu"
DJ has been hanging out with AB a little too much.
Run to the sticks juju.
"Giants rushed for 29 yards last week.

Melvin Gordon at 44 halfway through the first quarter."
Claypool would have snagged that
I don’t wanna jinx it... but this season Washington > Johnson
"&#x200B;

Jeff Driskell in now for the Bronos. Steelers win now"
This tricky shit is how teams are gonna figure this D out.
does colquitt stink?
Can anyone DM me a link to the stream? much appreciated
Is Berry still a FA?
Mike Hilton looks like Troy P out there
Just went to their subreddit thread and they’re shitting themselves
Conner runnin sideways
Ow muh wibs....
haDEn hAS tO gO
Watt is fucking dominating every snap but doesn’t have much to show for it. Sad.
[deleted]
what do we think about snell starting 2nd half
Our front seven are so good but I do not trust the secondary at all against a better offense
"Lol Ben at least picked up a cheap flag.

It looked like Simmons pushed off

Edit: nevermind just terrible pass"
*NOW* Ben's really back.
Mike Tomlin and Ben Roethlisberger special. Let bad QBs hang around. Punt the fucking football. You’re up 11
That was a penalty tho so like wtf
"These refs are FUCKED, Bubs..."
did everyone take shots at halftime? what the fuck. defense and offense both shitting the bed this half.
"Pitt fan in Denver.

Let’s go!"
Steelers get a little too confident/comfortable at half?
You guys make me laugh. 15 minutes ago we had already won the super bowl. Rudy! Rudy Rudy!
what a hideous quarter of football that was
2-10 on third down. oooof.
Let's see Switzer do that
"Dammit. Was hoping for a chance to type, MACH SNELL!! No good Snell. No mach Snell"
Schefter is reporting that Saquon tore his ACL
refs vs steelers
Oh mama I’m in fear for my life from the long arm of the law...
I had to do the dishes what I miss....  oh what the fuck?
Call roughing the punter man
If we lose this game it’s on Fichtner. We’ve blown so many drives with great starting field position due to shitty play calling. Our defense is getting tired because of it
If they lose this game then I don't have high expectations for this season.
Can we challenge this?
Every single fucking call against us on this game
How many first downs are these refs going to give them today.
Cheap ass call jesus
GARBAGE CHALLENGE WE NEED OUR TIMEOUTS FUCKKKKKK
fucking garbage challenge when we need our timeouts what a shock
We're getting out-schemed and out-coached today plain and simple. The Broncos came out at halftime with a different gameplan and we didn't have an answer
Steelers out here making me bipolar
TERELL EDMUNDS IS MY DAD
Sign Conner 10 years 20 mill pero year fully guaranteed
My longest yea boi ever
Wow conner is slow lmao
GUY'S WE'RE UP 3 NOT DOWN 31 LEARN THE FUCKING DIFFERENCE AND CHILL OUT
I hate that Claypool is on punt team
We were spoiled last week since the Giants couldn't block for shit
why can't we find a punter
Get off the fucking field on third down Jesus
Yeesh... bit shocked that did not get flagged..  ouch
Why does conner slow down at the line only to get stuffed. So tired of it
"Why aren't we doing that kind of stuff every play with our offensive weapons? 

Great throw, good catch!"
"Anytime you make Vince Williams Devin bush or Terrell Edmunds cover, you will have problems. They absolutely suck at it."
Everyone needs to chill tf out lol. We had no preseason and its only bens 2nd game back after being out a year
"You guys can't trash Diontae for that, Ben needs to be better"
You cannot convince me otherwise that the refs aren't biased towards denver. Fucking ridiculous
Tomlin you fucking suck
They deserve to lose. Terribly coached team
"Fucking moronic challenge, thanks mike"
Tomlin with horrible challenges. Glad to see he's in regular form
FUCK EVERYONE WHO SAID EDMUNDS SUCKS
finally 34 does something good
God he is so fucking bad
Pull your mask up Fangio you old fuck
"PUT IN SNELL THIS COACHING STAFF IS STUPID

Edit: yall watching on computer I’m on TV. I already saw the fumble. This is called sarcasm. It’s directed at all the users clamoring for him. Including TWO separate posts."
"see my last post 

DJ has some ball control issues"
Dj is looking like Ike Taylor with those hands
Diontae Johnson    muffs punts and drops passes.         Really 😡😡
DJ fumbles a lot.
Ways to lose trust with Big Ben.
Diontae gotta step it up man jesus thats like half a dozen dead plays because of him
Snell stans in shambles lol
"That Jame Conner is bad narrative is looking, suspect."
lock is out???
backup qb? game over steelers win
Damn Colquitt sucks
"Plz don’t play Samuels. He doesn’t offer enough upside over snell or Conner to get in on third downs.

Terrible playcalling anyway"
Berry back on the field?
"Colquitt’s not a boomer, I get that. He’s gotta do better there though."
Lmfaooo the nfl is calling less holding calls and we still get holding calls on us
Holy shit...owch
I hate BWW so much. Going into one of those places makes me lose my shit. It’s an audio assault. Average wings and sub average beer selection. Hate em.
That was about as clean of hit you can ask for by Bush. I'm a Ravens fan and don't see an issue with it. There was no malicious intent at all... Idk what these commentators are smoking
"Shit, that may be out."
What fucking asshole is calling a 7 yard crossing route on 3rd & 18?
"Conner for 2 yards, then Conner for 2 yards, oops a penalty! Aaaaand Conner for 2 yards, forced to pass on 3rd and long -- a perfect Fichtner series."
GO FOR IT YOU COWARD!!!
"Snell deserves more snaps, connor is fine on passing downs"
"Confident, not Cocky is the key.  Here's looking at you Roethlisberger  👀"
I bet all the yinzers crying about how we're too conservative wish we would have gotten points there
Was Ebron simply frustrated about the Incomplete or trying to ask for DPI? He was certainly gesticulating for some reason.
Who’s balls does Claypool have to fondle to get into this game? The dude been making big plays but we keep him out because why? We don’t wanna hurt James Washington’s feelings?
[deleted]
Why the fuck do I watch this
"Lol that iPhone commercial was such bullshit, they willingly give out your info"
"Here we go again, playing down to teams that we should beat handily, with a backup QB no less. We get a one score lead and take our foot off the gas on both sides of the ball. Classic Steelers."
We gotta beat the refs and the broncos. It is what it is. Let's just fucking get it done
Connor 3.1 a carry 38 yards after staring 5+ a carry for the first 33 yards
[removed]
Snell being a butterfingers doesn't make Connor any good. Let's just agree they're both marginal talents at best.
This defense fucks
DJ come on man...
Edmunds is so bad lmaoooooo
Why is Bush so bad today?
Fixed game
This is where our D is the stingiest
I'm tired of this dadbot
Typical conservative coaching and terrible challenges by the Steelers.
"Tomlin is juwt st bad sat some aspects of game management - click management and challenges.. I don't get it.. 

you know you may need time outs, you only throw that challenge if its pretty clear. ...."
"Defense proving how much we overrated them, especially Bush and the secondary"
"Fans who act like Tomlin does not have a discipline problem are as ridiculous and over the top as those who act like Tomlin is the worst coach ever and should’ve been fired years ago. Tomlin has many good qualities but also many bad ones ranging from lack of discipline, poor clock management, and poor challenge decisions. All of his bad qualities have been on display in this game. The Steelers hanging on for the win doesn’t change that. This game shouldn’t have been one that Denver was a couple first downs away from winning."
how is edmunds above average at run defense but so fuckin terrible at pass coverage? make him a linebacker and put someone else in coverage.
We are not the 2018 rams please cut this motion shit out
bUt wE ShOuLDn'T pAy bUd....
I wonder if Berry would be willing to come back
if conner picks his head up that’s 6
Snell should be playing no doubt about it he earned it
Why the hell would they try to draw them off if they were just going to go for it anyways?? Fichtner is drunk as usual
STANDARD IS THE STANDARD
[deleted]
It’s never Mike Tomlin’s fault. Always his assistants. This sub may as well be named Tomlin because you all seem to be bigger fans of Tomlin than the Steelers
Lol 2-10 on 3rd down says a lot.
We need 7 here or this game is a bust.
If we don’t stop them here the game is over. Please defense. Show up. I’m begging you
same old bullshit. losing to garbage teams.
Nelson and Haden have left a lot to be so far this year
Jesus Christ Conner
Fucking embarrassing. We should be able to get that in on the 4 with ease. Randy is a MORON
Hey all you edmunds haters: fuck off
Fire berry!!!!
Why do I continue to watch this team play? Year in and year out they show they simply cannot do it. Tomlin's teams can't handle piss poor or injured teams. Expect another loss to the Browns this year too.
I hate how these threads aren’t in order based on newest comment. It’s just all over the place
Anyone know what game is in CBS All Access right now?
We have the stream from last season or no?
The last time I had to work during a game was the begals wildcard game. I'm not prepared for this.
"I’m curious. Where in Steelers Nation are you? I was born in Magee Women’s Hospital but checking in from Bay St. Louis, Mississippi."
Anybody know where can I watch the game on my phone?
streams?
COME ONNNNN
Anyones sport surge not working?
"Is the fanduel offer you get tackled by James Harrison if you use it?

I have mixed feelings about that."
Anybody remember the website for a stream? Spikeball? something like that
HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO!
Wtf that empty stadium just looks so weird right before a game...
"Not a good start, Nelson. Wasn’t even aware of the ball..."
I'm madly in love with Chase Claypool
Claypool with early energy
Yeah that was a little too obvious
Shit
Sigh
I’m dad
Lol good luck running on this defense
Can they talk? Are they okay?
And so the tackles for a loss begin.
meh.
I got an odds boost on DraftKings for this game even tho Steelers are favored by a lot. EASY $$$$ for me today
... good start ...
DJ........
DJ plzzz
No sound on nflbite?
Welp...
Run run pass
"Good start. Good start. 

Guys. Living in Denver with this fan base is painful. I need this."
Special teams coverage looking a lot better than last week at least.
Our defense will score by the end of week 4
Dline getting dominated right now
Cam got blown up
What happened to Minkah?
Let's fucking go D!
LOL ok! There it is!
Lets goooooo
LETS GO
Looks like this year defense may give up some yards.. but are so good that they can overcome that with timely turnovers and stops
Is lock good. He walked off weird
Lock can’t do anything against this blitz just gotta shut down the run
"Damn, seems Dupree just needs to be in a contract year to be awesome."
Right off his hands...
Nice run
JC let’s goooooo
"2nd and long draw play, take your second shot"
Conner wants to keep his job it seems.
All these drops
Drop drop drop drop
Juju is a fucking monster
Juju stiff arm lmfao!!
"Hoo boy, thank goodness for the Ike Taylor coverage on that play"
That was a classic Ben throw yikes
I missed the start. What happened? I saw something with Dionate.
Niiice run
JuJu is punishing defenders today
"Shadow Realm, population, that guy"
JuJu isn’t missing a 3rd down conversion twice! He and Washington been doing some major leg workouts lol
Bames Bonner!!!
Juju working for the tough yards..... Let's go!
I thought that was a devastating pick for a moment...
Anyone have stream??
Great fucking drive
Much satisfying
Squee!
Resign Budd
Crushing the Broncos week and maybe their season. Vicious.
Anybody got a stream link???? Please 🙏🙏🙏
Nice stop there
I just love having two down hill backs now. I hope we get to see Macfarland as a change of pace today.
Saquon hurt on no...
Benny Snell football off to a slow off.
Not much of a fake there
Oops
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
Well that drive was less than ideal
God damn slept through the first what i miss lol
It's unbelievable how you have that many guys in striped shirts and not one of them sees an obvious face mask. Ridiculous.
Edmunds is still terrible
Jeff Driskell sucks
What’s going on with the Miami game
How the fuck did he complete that?
Ya
With our luck this will be Jeff Driskels big coming out party
Hold 'em for three or turnover?
Killa Cam!
I don’t mean to pile on but it is kinda hilarious whenever they complete a pass it’s Edmunds eventually tackling him from behind. Gonna lead the team in tackles lol
Hilton! He has to be the NFL's leader in DB sacks
R they about to score? Wtf is happening I can't see game
NICE STOP
LET'S FUCKING GO MIKE
CAM
Excellent stop
"Flipped out when I discovered we didn’t have Red Zone already and the Eagles were on. FUCK THAT.  Husband got that problem fixed real quick.

LETS GOOOOOOOO!"
TIME FOR A BIG BEN QB SNEAK
Lol
Bad spot tbh
Hang out there in the corner
Love that 5 wide
They got there on the corner
If you’re watching on the Sunday Ticket app is there a delay?
I have so many conflicting feelings about Dionte.
DJ!
Yikes
who was the holding penalty on?  It has been a running theme with us that any penalty just kills our drive
Need to get these drops under control. Ben is slinging it and putting it on the money. We need to fucking make the catches.
Gordon took a lick on that 1st down.
Pontiac bandit got rocked
Saquon barkley from the giants got hurt
Yikes
It always feels like the Steelers jus Tyler third and 7+ happen at least 5 times a game.
"Damn, Bush leveled the hell out of him. Hope Jeudy is ok."
DOWN!!!!
Down goes Driskell!
LFG. Cam and Watt.
Ok dj!
YES
Damn no flags now cmon
Say Go DJ! That's my DJ!
Sigh
Gawd damn flag
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME
damn penalty
Damn that pocket collapsed so fast
AH COME ON!
FUCK FLAGS NOOOOOO
"Did you get all that, Rich? 😂"
gd it.
Ooofff course theres a penalty
Lol
Fuckkk
Fucking flag
Fuck that is coming back.
Well that’s a load of shit
Orgasm
WOOHOO MAPLETRON
Let's gooooo claypool!
WHATEJFOE FOENFOWNFJE
CLAYPOOL IS MY DAD
MAPLETRON!!!!!!!!
"That's Bullshit.

Challenge if you can"
"Fucking hell, Sutton"
Switzer couldn't have done that.
Claypool!!!!!
That was iffy at best.
Soft
What a shame - DJ had some beautiful moves on that return.
Bwahahahha. Ball don't lie.
omfg
fuck
So looks like claypool is gonna be really good.
Weak ass call
Chase Claypool!!!!  Fucking A!!!
MAPLETRON!!!!!
We love second chances though
GODPOOL
Weak call. The guy was already diving for the tackle
"Lol ""FUCK"""
Nevermind! Go!
CHASE FUCKING CLAYPOOL!!!!
Hhahahahhaha
That's what we like to see.
CHASE CLAYPOOL
Way to go rookie! Nice catch!
🙌
Well well well
Wow
YOOOOOOO
NIIIIIICE!!!
LETS GOOO
Is no one gonna talk ab how good that punt returner is?
I’m so happy!!
Not just saying this cause of that play but Haden don't look the same this year
jeeze haden got burned
"OUCH, that had to suck!"
Claypool’s got talent
TJ is always the first touch to the QB
Sooo Haden looks...old
Who says we need a true NT?
Feels like they've had a lot of 2nd & 3rd 20+
Damn Ebron.
people were really mad at taking claypool first in our draft LMAOOO
Oops...go Joe!
Haden baby
Jesus that was a tight window
Beautiful catch
Pfff
"Just go for the TD, Denver is trash."
Go for it.
Dammit
GO FOR IT COME ON
Bosgod!
Yikes that was close
They ain't getting another deep one on us. Need to just not try it again or it'll be a pick
C’mon Edmunds
Watt just is not fair
Edmunds had shitty coverage? Color me surprised
Pucker factor was real on that.
Still waiting for holding call on several ol
Flacco? Is that you?
God damn it
Welp... smart punt to push it out of bounds.  almost missed had that not bounced outwards.  Guess that is the half.
Bad call
I think his right arm hooked the defender and pulled him down
Send it
"Pretty good half. The right side of the OL held their own, I think."
What a return
When even the STs are good in a game
Did the announcers just say we had Lightning here?  I don't even see a freaking cloud outside from my window.
We got ourselves a return game boys
RAY RAY BAYBEEEE
Hey hey ray ray
Lol so we are about to see run run pass again
"James ""two yards"" Conner"
where did we get mccloud
NIIIICCCEEE
Great special teams play? What is this feeling?
WE DID RUN PASS INSTEAD OF RUN RUN PASS LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
Remember Tomlin picked Ray Ray over switz?
Nice little shimmy for the 1st down
no chance for snell
Enough running all the time
WHAT WAS THAT PLAY LMAO
BRUUUUH
Jesus
What an absolute duck of a pass wtf Ben
good lord.. alright uhh..
What the fuck
Do plays that go in the other direction
What a screen! /s
da fuk
Well fuckity fuck fuck...
Fuck me
"alright ben took that hit like a champ, throw it away next time bud"
Clusterduck
Fuckin ben just scooted on him lmao!
How many third and Longs are we gonna have this game
"Had McDonald underneath... not for a first, but for about 10 yards and some safe play... jeez"
too bad the Steelers gave a 5th for that guy last year
Devin Bush just lit up that guy!!
You gotta be fucking kidding me
"The crowd audio is just for TV, right? The players can't hear that?

I was just thinking it'd be funny if they took an old recording from Heinz and we all of a sudden heard ""HEAAAAAATHHH"""
Love that Bush hit
Not the second half start we were looking for
Bush just wanted to give Gordon a hug.
Number six
Gotta remember the Broncos Defense is pretty good too though.
Here comes a Ben at work drive
Drop. Drop. Run. Screen. Draw. Screen. Drop.
what the fuck was that slant to johnson?
Are they running the same play over and over?
We are abusing that rookie corner like McDonald did to Conte
I like our hitters
Ben just throwing to everyone.
I Dunno what to think about this dink and dunk offense. What are your thoughts?
Brain geniuses
Complete trash.
"Interesting that they've basically abandoned all of that pre-snap motion that they'd been using through at times this year. Not saying it's the reason for the sputtering offense or anything, just more of an observation."
Defense needs to bail us out yet again.
"Bud's even in on that play

he's everywhere"
Good to see Jeudy back!
That's a lie. Minkah never does any wrong
Dam Minkah i meant to give me a pick not more laundry
Minkah was just too fast there
we're kinda trolling right now
Steelers offensive play calling is so fucking bad. Any time this team has a lead they park the bus and do their best to throw it away.
Pffffffft
Unbelievable
"'Jeudy has to start making those catches.'

*Steelers Defense has entered chat*"
How
Wake up call
Hmm looked like another missed holding.
Fuck
Trash.
"We can’t make these mistakes on our d secondary smh. 

Those fucking flags. 

Offense needs to make the damn plays and be cohesive"
Oh poop...
Huge fuckin yikes
 Steelers with the fantastic job of keeping Denver’s drive alive! Offense doing it’s part by doing nothing this Quarter.
It seems like they’re trying to get cute with the younger defensive guys. High smith and Bush in really tough spots with the secondary already butchered by blitzing Hilton every play
"All, I can think of is from the late Myron.  Yoinks!!!"
offense and defense both look asleep
Get your 4’s up!!
We're giving Snell shotgun attempts over JaySam? Odd
1st and 1?
Juju saving our ass over and over again
1st and 1 on the field graphics lol.
That was a catch!!!! Juju is Johnny on the spot
How is nobody open with all the time in the world
"60% of the time, screens work 100% of the time"
Love losing yards on screens
we look completely out of sorts
The old AB play
Love the screens...
"""Good arms"""
Finally a good play call.
Good job Juju
Wtf am I looking at
About time the offense woke up
LFG!!!!
They playing Renegade right now?
What the fuck is an owfense this guy keeps talking about?
Why would you try to return that
"In hindsight, this is technically still a preseason game.  Things should get more consistent in a few weeks."
THATS WHATSUP CLAYPOOL
Vince thumped that man
BBBBUUUUSSSSHHHHHHH!!!!
I cant hear Jay over the fake crowd noise. Dumb
I think calling that return a mistake was an understatement.
SAFTEY!!!!!!!!!!!!
SAFETY
Safety!
BINCE
Good stop for our d! Safety baby!!!
SAFETY!!!!
I love safeties
Safetyyyyy. Let's goooooo!
LES GO BABY
This team
Danny Smith please....
/..\
https://youtu.be/AjPau5QYtYs
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!
yeah this is what i was expecting. let's go
Going to check r/Broncos for a sec
lol
HOLY FUCK
IS THAT A SACK FOR DERRICK?!?!?
"Jesus, imagine if he didn’t have a bad case of fumblebuts..."
love these guys
DJ is sooooo dangerous
If over 40.5 doesn't hit because they didn't fall on the ball there I'm going to be slightly upset.
"KILLA BEES ON THE SWARM

LETS GOO DEFENSE"
UGH
Holy shit DJ
Hot damn this defense
Da Fuk
What
Ummmmm
Great
For fucking Christ sake
And that is why we haven't seen Snell
"come on, i was just having fun."
These running backs are really awful. Oof. Clear weakness.
Nice.
Smells ball security issues....
"Shit unlucky snell

 but defense is on fire today"
The inept offense once again making up for how elite the defense is.
"Get this bad play out now offense, can’t be doing it against the likes of Baltimore and actual good teams!!"
It's getting funny. We will probably never ever have a calm 4th quarter without having to worry of throwing the game.
When do we see 4.1 speed Anthony McFarland?
"Not a Steelers fan but I came here to ask: is Derek Watt playing defense on run only downs?

I swear on my life I’ve seen him several times on defense and I’m pretty sure he got a sack at the goaline that they gave to TJ Watt (or at least the commentators said it was TJ) ... But I’m either blind or it was a big White no. 44"
Buh god that's Penalty Flag's music!
Be nice if they would call holding on the Broncos
"Don't we have another watt on offense? Watts always do good things, right?


Can't go tits up"
Ouch my foot hurts from self inflicted wounds
Haden getting smoked pretty often today.
19 yards too easy
Thats a joke right?
Flag flag flag flag this defense is collecting flags like crazy
That was not PI at all
These refs are a joke
Fuck the refs. That was perfect defense.
"Vannett doing what he does best, draw a flag and that's about it."
Absolutely garbage call
It be like that sometimes
LIES!!!!!
:(
Damn it to hell
Y.
Bold strategy cotton going into prevent defense with over half a quarter left
🤡🤡🤡
Pathetic
Fuck this shit
You gotta be kidding me
Jeff Driskel
Ooof.
Ben putting the team on his shoulders
Love that they’re throwing it
Secondary is average at best unless they have a decent pass rush.
My flight just landed and it’s time to open the stream the second I’m off this plane. I’ve missed the whole game so far.
Fudge that was a first down
McDonald just beasted his way through two defenders god damn!
Oh no
I believe.
Time to see some more Washington
Colquitt fell towards the tackler lol. That was amazing
Clamp down D incoming
Let’s goooo D
Should have been caught but I’m more surprised Fichtner didn’t call a screen.
Can we just try to run the ball? We just burnt about 40 seconds off the clock
Is it fitzburgh time yet? I been waiting
" this tebow or driskel? same effect.  


we're about to lose an easily winnable game."
Need a turnover
Nelson what are you doing?
Renegade 2
I've been in this exact place so many times before...
What happened after the Benny Snell fumble. My thing cut out
How many plays has the defense been on the field? T
i miss having a high powered offense
I am scared
"We should have been eating the clock with the run game but even with this oline our backs are so damn mediocre, it's a problem"
Let's get it together defense.
Mike saved that
We gonna do the whole 2 minute drill of possibly winning by a miracle?
3rd and long...watch them blow it
<sigh> ... this offense just can't get into a nice rhythm.
Bend don't break Defense 🙏
Great break up Hilton.
"Surprised they didn’t call bullshit PI on that. Good shit, Sutton"
"Good Lord we just keep giving them firsts.

ALSO THAT WAS UNCATCHABLE WHAT THE FUCK"
STOP WITH THE PENALTIES JESUS FUCK
they are gonna lose this damn game
Jesus christ refs. Who wants to go zebra hunting?
Omfg
Always crushing fucking fumbles when we play the Broncos man
Another late fucking flag
"Defense has had so many crushing penalties today, what the actual fuck"
Are you fuck kidding me
OMFG
No fucking way
Looking awfully soft and sloppy out there.
BINCE
🅱️ince
Just wow
I'm so done man
Fuck this
Thats bullshit
What the fuck is going on
Hahaiwannadiehaha
The blitz isn't working. We aren't we changing our plan?
of course
Fucking joke.
God dammit
Jesus
Hell of a catch tbh
we are gonna lose this challenge
Who’s the man with the big orange gloves
Lmao BuT OuR SeConDaRy. You fucking people
Defensive PIs and turnovers lost us this game.
Time to make a play
holy fuck man please
"Defense probably need a quick breather here anyway. I'd rather keep the timeout, but whatever"
We cannot lose this game. C’mon D
What a move by Hilton
Our Run D is non existent now
Eating the clock. We need to use what’s left of our time outs to give Ben a chance.
Come on......
At least here’s one thing.  A FG bails us out here.
Yeeeee!!!!
Finally a fucking stop
There it is
LETS GOOOOOO
"Steelers D, deliver us from evil...."
BEND DONT FUCKING BREAK
DONT BLINK is what tomlin said to drive this team to victory against denver before..I believeee
Thank you Defense.
Finally
Yes!!!!!!!
They are gonna get the ball back.
Thank goodness
Fuck yes. LFG
Redemption!
FUCK YEAH
THERE WE FUCKING GO!
Yeah blown assignment
There we fucking go!
Plz clock don’t stop
"u/jimbo831 you were saying

Remember when I said the gassed D needed that break from the challenge and would fly around and get this stop with the energy?

Pepperidge Farm fucking remembers"
You love to see it
HE DID SOMETHING
Let’s Gooooooo my boys always make it a nail biter lol
Wow. Just wow.
ok. a first down can seal it. thats all we need. dont get fancy.
Thank you!
The gods have smiled upon us this day
THANK FUCKING GOD
Lol no holding call there?
LETS GO
Still need a first down.
Gotta close this out please
Phew!
Redemption
That clown Fangio wants a RTP? Are you serious? Get a fucking grip.
Oh fuck yeah baby!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO
Whoever came in the crosser was wide fucking open. Patrick?
Renegade worked! Good job yinzers!
James Conner you mofos.
ATTA BOY CONNER!
Oh fuxk yeah
BAMES!!!
GO
JAMES CONNER FOOTBALL
HOLD ON TO THE BALL
Good job James
CONNERRRRRRRR
Conner is elite again?
GUYS IDK WHAT TO DO WITH MY HANDS
Conner!!
#GG
thats pretty much game.
Nice stat boost there for James!
RUn you son of a bitch!
"Well, ok then."
big time run
Who's faster...or slower...Hines or Bames?
Oh my LAWD
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
JC30
CONNER
Gg
Jfc that was harder than it should've been. *That's what she said*
anthony chickillo is on denver?
Up 26-14 in the 4th and we blow it to a backup who’s played 7 games and lost all 7. Can’t wait to get rid of Tomlin
Gotta love the fairweather fans... SMH
Our offense is really letting the defense down. Just like last year.
This team is such a disappointment win or loss.
Tomlin looks like he’s about to rob a 7-11
Defense starting slow like last week
Gotta love watching Conner jog instead of run
WE GET A BACKUP QB. IT IS DONE
Minkah been underwhelming so far
Yeah! yeah! Tomlin! Break out the Pom poms!
"Good play call Randy

Edit: man you guys must really not like him"
I have zero confidence in our offense and that makes me sad.
WHAT SLICE OF GREEN
This team is no different than last year. Two shit teams and we didn’t look good against and were probably about to lose. Offense sucks. Defense can’t keep them in every game.
[deleted]
Coates with broken fingers has better hands than Johnson....
Colquitt looks washed
Can't settle for threes
Classic Vannett. Useless.
They don't have an offensive line. They're coming after Ben right from the gun. Look how little time he has. Of course Randy isn't doing them any favors either.
"Bruh, we’re barely beating a backup who’s played just 8 games"
Bad throw
EdMuNdS iSnT EvEn BaD GuYs
Like I said. Not sniffing another superbowl.
"two feet in, fucking tomlin killing us, only 1 timeout"
gg we gonna lose
Fuck you tomlin
Methinks John Elway slipped a few extra bills into the pockets of the refs
CoNneR sUCkS
MiKe Is A GoOd CoAcH He DoEsNt PlAy DoWn At AlL
Stream?
Johnson is a good returner but not at much else
"So the fumble gives us more running room.


Strategery on full display guys... Trust the system"
GO FOR IT
We went from stopping Barkley to just getting shit on in the ground games
"We look bad on O, D, and special teams."
Broncos O-line is manhandling our D-line
Dionte Johnson and fumbling the ball name a more common duo
Dionte Johnson...gotta get out of his own head
.....
The hands of our receivers today...
Lock out??? Legs go D. Get fucking mean
Does anybody have a stream link
The Steelers are about to run away with this game.
We just ended our cable contract per fiancees orders. How tf can I watch these games?
Wow their QB looks good
"Think that girl in the jardiance commercial is adopted, who's breaking the news?"
diontae was barely ready for that one too
God damn I love this D
Joory joody seems hurt
"No not the flag... Come on not the flag... Fuck the flag god damn it Sutton that was fucking totally useless and cost Johnson a returned punt for a touchdown.

Son of a whore."
Can't even watch the game. None of the streaming services have worked so far. anyone have any suggestions?
Ben could have totally run that
BOZGAWD FOR 3
[deleted]
Wish we would've cut McDonald and signed Hurst in the off-season
Heads up move to at least draw the penalty
Come on Ben :(. I wouldn’t even throw that
What the fuck were you thinking Fitz?
"So we're just gonna let them back in the game, huh? This entire quarter has sucked ass. Tomlin needs to light a fire under someone's ass!"
jesus christ bince. joe biden could have made that tackle.
Keeping fucking us Pittsburgh. Just let them back in it. Wake the hell up.
"You know, I really didn't plan on getting blackout drunk today. 

Oh well"
The absolute only way these bums are going to get yardage is if our D gets penalties. C'MON GUYS.
Our play calling fucking sucks
Pitiful defensive series as well
Back to playing Tomlin ball.
Juju! a smart boy !
Diontae is a stud bruh
"For the love of God, please field this free kick."
Get snell off the fucking field.
Don’t tell me age has caught up to Haden now
Jesus Christ
Denver should stick with Driskel even if Lock is healthy next week.
Driskel is killin it as a backup NGL good for him
"Is it to much to ask for a RB that doesn’t cough up the football, and a defense that can stop a No name’s pass attack?"
Typical Steelers
18 HAS to be more consistent. Too many drives ended on a drop by him.
If we lose this match....
Our defense loves getting unnecessary penalties on 3rd downs
Why would you waste a timeout challenging that?
Rest the defense. Not a bad challenge
Did we ever hire that challenge assistant?
Suddenly everyone here is happy again /s
It shouldn't have been this close
Leave it to the D. Fuck y’all Edmunds haters
Game. Told y’all you were trippin.
"UGLY FUCKING WIN, DID WE DESERVE IT? MAYBE, EITHER WAY WE'RE 2-0 AND IT GIVES US A CHANCE TO GET BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD"
IF HE CAN BEAT CANCER HE CAN BEAT THE BRONCOS LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
"Too.

Reliant

On.

Turnovers.

&#x200B;

Overrated defense. Very good but not elite. This is a garbage QB giving them a run for their money."
There’s zero chance this type of game happens under a coach like Belichick. Hate to say it but 100% true. Lack of discipline is all on coaching.
This team fucking sucks. It's the injured Broncos and you're just letting do whatever the fuck they want. WAKE THE FUCK UP.
You guys give a lot of shit to our team week 2 during this COVId season and we’re still winning . Chill .
Fuck you Nick Vannet. Pussy.
[deleted]
"Denver has a ~~rookie~~ backup deer-in-the-headlights at QB

We have 5 sacks at the half

The NFL record is 12 (also ours, nbd)

Just saying"
Kill fichtner
I miss Haley
That's not the refs fault at all. This is weak ass play from the Defense. Yall gotta stop crying refball and realize that Mike Tomlin ALWAYS sits on his hands when he has a lead. Its been this way his entire career.
Fuck Mike Tomlin
"Seriously we cut Berry to sign a more expensive, worse version of him."
Damn it Diontae. How can I talk shit on your behalf if you do that?
Pathetic gameplan
Edmunds is fucking trash
"Danny Smith needs to go, his special teams group has constantly underperformed for almost 3 years now.  It’s costing us points."
Awww cmon guys . You'll win anyways. Just taking out everyone
Are we trying to lose this game??
"That’s 8 points on Bush, I think."
Shouldn't take a team with a backup QB and half their starters out scoring 11 points unanswered for this team to wake up.
I’m starting to think someone legitimately forgot we’re allowed to run the ball
fuck. you. edmunds.
4th and 2 and we’ll probably give up 10.
"This should be a running team. 90's style. Keep Ben's attempts around 30. Snell/Conner all day long, keep the defense fresh, reduce mistakes."
Conner from 0 to hero
Ouch...that was helmet to helmet
Please put Snell instead of Conner
I'm honestly about to stop watching. I've got shit I need to do and if the Steelers don't want to play then I'll do better things with my time.
Getting run all over and then Lock has 8 seconds to throw when he does. Wtf
This team will never sniff a superbowl again and it's games like this. Someone needs to be fired. This is fucking embarrassing.
Please don’t lose to a backup QB
Edmunds ofc
"Playcalling stinks. Would like some consistency and the goal line series was terrible. 

The penalties and drops have fucked us up too. Can’t complain about a 14 point lead tho"
are we collapsing?
[deleted]
At this point I hope they fucking lose. They deserve to.
Fuck was he out....
[deleted]
"If conner plays like shit again today when he gets the ball, they need to put him on the trade block. Can't waste time with him anymore. How many chances can you give a guy?"
Stream link?
Anyone know of any good streams for this game?
Wow what an absolutely terrible call
Something is wrong on our line right now
Holes for days!
Fuckin yikes man
[deleted]
I have a feeling Driskel will kick our ass
What is Ben complaining about
Low-key don't like cheering for a Ray-Ray
"Even with the flag I'm laughing about all the people who talked about Switzer being a better choice because he's ""safe"""
"that was a rainbow, normally ben has it ona rope"
another first down allowed by edmunds. thats 8 in two weeks.
"I have Saquon and Mostert in fantasy but fuck it. Steelers looking good. Big Ben is back. Chase fuckin Claypool. Gonna be a good year, fuck fantasy."
alrght where's snell
I’m so back and forth with liking Connor
Cmon Ben wtf
[deleted]
horse collar shit
Horse collar?
Lol butt
I don’t think that was DPI against Ebron. The refs aren’t fixing anything we just couldn’t convert.
Just like they drew it up.
Say GO DJ!! That's my DJ!!! Fresh fresh eh earit fresh
GOT EM
That punter is worse than ours 🤣
THIS IS FUCKING RIDICULOUS
Protest the game.
Might as well use the challenge. Who know .maybe one angle we can't see shows him stepping on some white line
Blitz hasn’t worked all half. Why keep doing it?
I really could have used that James Connor TD in my fantasy.
Fuck this fucking team. I hate these fucking coaches. You've got all this talent and you fuck it up. We should be blowing these assholes out.
You’re all bitching about the challenge when we have 3 minutes left in the game. Who cares if it’s bad? We have THREE MINUTES LEFT.
[deleted]
"Any other back would have picked that, but, Edmunds."
"BY ALL MEANS DON'T EVEN TRY TO WIN THE GAME. DON'T MAKE ANY EFFORT. 

Just let them do what they want...by all means."
Drew Lock heaed to the Locker Room  now  😂 😂
How many more years y'all need to see this shit from Tomlin? So tired of the sunshine pumpers talking about a SB from 15 years ago.
So our run D has.... disappeared?
God damn this secondary sucks.
Really need to score there.
2/3 of completions against the Steelers are with edmunds in coverage
Ben has been skittish so far this year hasnt been stepping into throws
Got to score here
"This Steelers loss, should it happen, is completely on Tomlin and Ben"
We seriously suck big time. Just suck. We could have got Cam for 0 dollars
"Fuck Johnson.

Edit: Apparently being disappointed in someone dropping a catch they had in their hands is wrong on here. Good to know, go fuck yourselves."
Is Minkah even good?
[deleted]
"I know it’s super early in the season, but everything Chiefs fans said about Nelson are starting to appear.  Also concerned about Dionte’s fumbling!"
"we kind of deserve to lose this lol, hope we manage to win though"
"Ben and Terry, the 2 dumbest HOF QBs"
"Smell the biggest bust since burns, fight me"
Lmao how the fuck are yall saying Bush did nothing? I swear this is the most delusional fanbase in football. I hate this sub
tHe StEeL cUrTAiN
[removed]
Tomlin has seriously got to go. So tired of watching this team have zero killer instinct because he coaches like a pussy.
""
Cute dogs! Go Steelers!!!!!
My dog has the same jersey!
[removed]
""
Good doggers
Juju Sniff-Woofster
[My pup is too!](https://i.imgur.com/UcY5eLM.jpg)
Who! Who who who!
Such good buddies! My dogs hide in the bedroom even if we are winning. Lol
Lookin good
I want that jersey!
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
sportsurge.net
""
Never would I have ever thought that the Steelers would play to an empty stadium.
Don’t we all!  Covid sucks!!!
Got to see it in real life finally last month from the point. Gorgeous. Wish they would put a jags style titantron toward the water so people could watch live from that side with real crowd noise
"Amazing picture, what camera did you use?"
"I still love seeing everyone in their jerseys on Sunday tho. Was at giant eagle this morning and probably 3/4ths of the people in there were in a jersey. Great view, great pic , mt worshington is great."
The Burgh!!  Mt. Worshington lookin good.
At first I thought you meant Mt Washington in New Hampshire ~700 miles away...
"Go dahn to Bigham Tav for some wings Cump... and watch da game.

... got a sammich? 😏"
""
That emoji is actually perfect
Pretty sure that's Omar Epps
I hope we have this man as our coach for another 15 years. 😂😂
Like they snapped the picture as he walked around a corner lol
"I'm convinced at some point in his life he blinked for a driver's license photo, and ever since then goes out of his way to make sure he doesn't blink for photos."
That gold gleem on his head looks like the start of him Morphing
Me when the wife catches me braking the diet again
That man doesn’t blink
"Hey, Mike, Due to budget cuts, we're gonna need you to go ahead and start looking after all the carts. And things if that nature."
The face you make when your finger accidentally pokes through the toilet paper.
Doin' that Mac Miller look
Hey chef
Giving Chancellor Gowrow a run for his money in the stare game there!
"It's not a mugshot, coach, you can smile"
He looks like he just suggested it was Paraneoplastic Syndrome and Hugh Laurie compared him to a toddler.
He always looks like somebody JUST told him he was fired
"I'll be the first to say I don't think he's perfect, not sure if he didn't definitely trip Jacoby...  But he's gotta be the most likeable coach out there.  Good team, now we know how well he dealt with Mr White Mustache for so long, and he just always seems so calm.  I'm sure every team every team has their bias for their own coach, rightfully so, but like I don't know how much bad you can find bad to say about Tomlin besides that sketchy unnecessary trip, which he did get fined for and didn't try to argue."
I’m going to need to see a few more for gold
"They say ""Bens doctor called hes done for the season"" take the pic and are like psych!"
Looks like he just got busted trying to trip an opposing player running down the sideline.
Always wondered if it was intentional
[same energy](https://images.app.goo.gl/1cKHjudUBrVHLGkj7)
I'm convinced hes a real life simpsons character.
Tony dungy eyes.
Looks like the lead on a Rom-Com movie poster...
It’s lupus
Should get his thyroid checked
Mike Tomlin sucks ass
"My normal streaming website shutdown sadly, any recommendations?"
nflbite
Just sign up for a free trial with fuboTV...change your email every week. This is the way.
NFL Fantasy app. It’s where I watched the game this week
I saw that it was first posed 9 months ago so I wanted to know if it was still up and running
Nflbite is your friend.
Couldn't you just click it and try?
That stream was set up by one of our moderators but I don't know if he is still running it. I will check with him and see what the plan for it is.
""
He’s been pretty erratic through 1 and a half games. Making me nervous but his big play potential is undeniable. He’ll settle in juuuust fine. Fucking love this roster
Always has been
Being a fan of this team has taken years off my life that I’ll never get back.
He’s a microcosm of our whole offense. Talented but sloppy mistakes.
"Hey I'm 63 and been dealing with this for years. Probably taking years off my life. Wife tells me to stop watching, but you just can't do that. Lol, haven't broken any TVs yet."
"The way he weaves through players after he catches the ball reminds me of Bell, but quicker. Like he somehow gets 3 or 4 extra yards when i think he’s going to go down lol"
"I know he dropped the 3rd and short with 6 minutes to go, but what was ""the next play"" and what did he do?"
Sophmore slump?
""
Dude must have hit the gym. Beast
"He is absolutely massive. A unit, if you will"
Only when you can see him Smiling while being up side down from getting hit in the air
Washington is more Ward-like than Juju....but how lucky are we to have TWO receivers that are that aggressive?
His snap stories all summer were just him in his home gym... every damn day!
I noticed from his snapchat that he looks much bigger this year. Today it has shown.
Hines isn't dead.
"It’s funny, I was watching with my family. I mentioned how I follow juju on Instagram, and that he’s put in a ton of work in the off-season and he’s going to be tough to tackle. The very next play he caught the ball and laid out two defenders"
Negative. Juju is nowhere near the physical player that Hines was. How many defenders pay attention to the opponents WR for fear of having your head taken off?
Been saying that for awhile!
"A couple times they showed close-ups of Connor and I was like, what the hell is hines doing out there?!"
He has been putting in work weight training all year. I was telling my husband today about how big Jujus neck has gotten this year lol
"Hines concussed people coming off the line. He's one of the best, if not the best, blocking WR ever to play the game. He's a Superbowl MVP. He'll always be on a different level.

Stop with the hyperbolic Juju fandom."
Um...no.
I haven't seen anyone's soul come out after a JuJu hit.  So...gonna have to disagree on that one.
Our defense has been exceptional the last couple seasons. Is the Steel Curtain back?!
No. We had the Steel Curtain in the '70s. The '10s was Blitzburgh. This team needs a new name.
I liked the “steel hurtin” graphic cbs threw up talking about all the sacks
Upper Sack Clair? 🤔🤣
As soon as dude missed the block that let Hilton make a nice tackle. He got up and looked like he was taunting him. I wish we could hear that.
He's always talking. Remember when he pissed Rivers off!?
"Looked like he was like ""you thought you could block me? Come on bro"" he is balling out so I'd say let him talk his talk."
Yep all game
"They got there with the corner...

&nbsp;

They got there with the corner...

&nbsp;

They got there with the corner...

&nbsp;

They got there with the corner...

&nbsp;

They got there with the corner..."
"Good point, but they got there with the corner"
They got there with the corner...
I loved how he said it again after they got the audio fixed lmaooo
"I feel like I missed something, why was the announcer saying that?"
"I thought I was listening to a new Steve Reich joint

https://youtu.be/g0WVh1D0N50"
Make a remix
was he having a stroke or something? that was hilarious
I thought we got there with Conner!
Anyone have the audio?
Guys did they get there with the corner?....
I hear they got there with the corner. Corner. Cor ner
Did anyone get the video of this?
[deleted]
That and the “it’s THIIIRRRRRRRRRD DOWWWWWWWN...”
It’s a Pittsburgh Steeler........? Anyone..
""
What did it say? Anyone have a screenshot?
Tweet is gone
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Once again, the Steelers hit on a receiver in the draft."
He's going to be a monster
It doesn’t make sense how well we draft and develop receivers
#MAPLETRON HAS ARRIVED!!
I started yelling and startled my poor senior dog out of a deep sleep.
Future superstar. Wow.
Perfect throw by Ben
2 games into the season and it's already clear he's going to be a legend.
I was disappointed by the holding on punt return but this makes up for it
HOLY SHIT MY CANADIAN BOY IS A STUD 🍁 🍁 🤖 🤖
"Diontae Johnson punt return TD ruled back.

Big Ben: I guess I’ll just do it myself."
I came
Here we Go!
UNLEASH THE MAPLETRON!! OH THANK HEAVEN FOR 7 -> 11!!
THE FUNDAMENTALS THE POISE PERFECTION!!!
Great job chase so impressed at his contributions especially considering the circumstances this year. He has achieved and he should be very proud of himself.
A GREAT DAY FOR CANADA AND THEREFORE THE REST OF THE WORLD 🍁🍁🍁
He also has two special team tackles today.  Very Hines Ward of him.
Looking great 👌
It's like Pkaxico & Martaivis had a baby.
🍁
Somehow no one went after him in my fantasy league of ND guys. Like did they not pay attention over the last few years? I’ll take those 15 points tyvm!
"I remember a post on here a few weeks ago asking what reasonable expectations were for Mapletron. I said 800 and 10 tds wasn't absurd, and wasn't taken seriously. He's already got 2 highlights in 6 quarters, with over 100 yards and a score. Dude could be WR1 before you know it."
Canada gang where you at!??
Martavis Bryant with hands
dime.
EGG OUT THERE ON THE CORNER
""
"Ben's throw was on the fucking money too with a defender bearing down on him

I'm so hype"
Ben’s completely back and we gave him more targets. Nasty defense. This level of hype isn’t healthy
"Beautiful, going to be a few of those this season"
I've been waiting since the draft for that play.
It's eery how quiet it is.
Claypool is an expert social distancer. Didn't even get to celebrate with his team after his first ever NFL TD because he ran 80 yards away from them all.
"First of many, I’m
Sure"
"He really doesn't play like a rookie.  Both of his big catches so far this season were difficult to haul in, and difficult to stay in bounds for and he had the awareness to stay in bounds on both.  We're in a very unique and lucky position right now, we have 4 good WRs, plus Ebron.  It's a match up nightmare for any secondary in the league."
"""In this world nothing is guaranteed but death, taxes and elite Steelers wide outs""

&#x200B;

\-Benjamin Franklin"
"Yep, we got our new Marty B."
Awesome! I loved Claypool at ND. Take care of him please.
Anyone else catch that he gave his first NFL TD ball to Juju?  I assume it's because JuJu's first TD ball was fuckin obliterated by his Kamehameha.
23 gave up on that play and wanted a flag.
Loved watching him on Saturdays and I’m going to love watching him on Sundays.
Had to come back to this beautiful play
Good Canadian kid
*Chefs kiss*
This is legit like my dreams the night we drafted Claypool
"Look at Big Ben, hes back to his old form. He's making that throw while getting hit, just like he would with AB. Claypool is a bigger, younger AB."
Ben's still got it!!! 😤
"Maybe call him Viagra cuz he gave me a massive boner!

But seriously, Johnny Horton did not complete any of these long shots last year.  It was rough playing w/o a field stretcher threatening to take the top off the defense.  Both safeties started playing nosey against Rudolph and Duck and gunked up the works."
are they playing crowd noise on the sound system?
This is just the beginning ladies and gentlemen! Here We Go!
ABBY BOY MAKING PLAYS 💪💪💪
That was on a fucking DIME
Seem like he was trying to get that arm free before he caught it
Two weeks in a row he got away with the OPI
[deleted]
""
""
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I figured after having such a monstrous game last week he would at least split carries with Connor. But no, just one carry..."
"RBs aren't just running the ball. They also need to be competent at pass protection, esp when your QB is coming off a big injury and is 38. Watch the Claypool TD. Snell missed his assignment and almost got Ben killed: [https://streamable.com/j6lukj](https://streamable.com/j6lukj)"
Snell has 3 touches for 5 yards. Conner has been the hot hand. They’re riding the hot hand just like they did last week.
"It's my fault guys...I changed my fantasy team name to ""Snelly Snell Snells Snelly"" with a picture of Mr. Krabs eyes."
"This offense has been pretty bad. One good drive and then one great pass to claypool. Besides that, very unpleasant to watch"
So much for that idea
Trust the process
I've been talking avout it all day....
Snell is better at running and sadly that seems to be it.  Connor is stronger in protection and route running
[deleted]
Friendship ended with Snickers. Pringle is my new best friend
"Heard that too, love it!"
I heard it too and started yelling it out loud to my family... safe to say they're looking for insane asylums as we speak
""
Shasta!
""
LET'S GO DEFENSE. LET'S GO TJ. LET'S GO MINKAH. END THIS GAME WITH A TAKEAWAY
"Do you guys think they still play it? I kept listening for it, but all I hear is the Zombie Nation BS... 🤦🏻‍♂️"
""
That was fabulous! A happy winning Juju is all we need in life. Also Juju making two huge last two weeks. Between fumbles and lucky ass catches he is the veteran WR we need.
How are we not commenting on that run/throw by Ben?
"They even got the ref to play along, you'll notice he tossed the ball over"
That was great!
Steelers need to pay whatever JuJu asks forever. He's a star in so many ways.
Using the stands as a prop
"I just love that they have fun
The winning is nice too"
Love JuJu !
Think he'll get fined for that?  Just seems like one of those idiotic decisions the League sometimes makes...
""
"There was a bad call or two but also some really boneheaded penalties. 

Also not sure we should be bragging about barely beating such a banged up team"
"Steelers are a very physical and grabby secondary. They'll get away with it a lot of weeks because they play to the edge better than any other team but some weeks, you'll get a crew who won't stand for it. They also just looked a half step slow on a lot of the coverages and Denver's recievers were running crisp routes. Bad combination.  If this is how our defense looks when it's ""off"", I'm okay with that."
"#Denver Broncos at Pittsburgh Steelers

Heinz Field- Pittsburgh, PA

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:39|

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Broncos|0|3|11|7|21|
|Steelers *|7|10|0|9|26|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|PIT|TD|1|(4:27) J.Conner up the middle for 2 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|1|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|DEN|FG|2|(12:11) B.McManus 49 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|
|PIT|TD|2|(6:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep left to C.Claypool for 84 yards, TOUCHDOWN [A.Johnson].
The Replay Official reviewed the runner was inbounds ruling, and the play was Upheld. The ruling on the field was confirmed.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|FG|2|(:42) C.Boswell 21 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|DEN|FG|3|(8:03) B.McManus 28 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|
|DEN|TD|3|(1:11) (Shotgun) J.Driskel pass deep left to N.Fant for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DEN|PAT2|3|(Pass formation) TWO-POINT CONVERSION ATTEMPT. J.Driskel pass to N.Fant is complete. ATTEMPT SUCCEEDS.|
|PIT|TD|4|(11:34) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep middle to D.Johnson for 28 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-D.Colquitt.|
|PIT|SFTY|4|(10:07) (Punt formation) S.Martin FUMBLES (Aborted) at DEN -1, and recovers at DEN -2. S.Martin tackled in End Zone, SAFETY (D.Watt).|
|DEN|TD|4|(7:50) (No Huddle, Shotgun) J.Driskel pass deep right to M.Gordon for 16 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|DEN|PAT|4|B.McManus extra point is GOOD, Center-J.Bobenmoyer, Holder-S.Martin.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 10 | 89 | 109 | 301 | 19 |
| Broncos | 4 | 30 | 104 | 215 | 23 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/fireislander. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
"Jesus that was closer than I expected. Let’s dive into it:

Good:

- Bud/TJ. Just absolutely dynamic. TJ’s bend is outright stupid it’s THAT good. Bud with the huge FF. These two are elite and make our defense what it is. Good luck and best wishes opposing offenses. 

- Dotson. I thought Dotson had a pretty solid game. OL can hard be to grade on a first watch so we will see more, but he seemed to played very well. I believe we’re looking at our starting LG next year and I am perfectly fine with that. 

- Chase claypool.. yeah the TD was awesome but have you guys seen him on special teams? He is a legit gunner and gets there quick on kickoffs. Earning his stripes and really looks solid. 


- Mike Hilton. This guy is a dawg. No other way to describe him man. He is fearless and can blitz your face off. 


- Capitalizing off turnovers this year. This is something we didn’t have last year and it pays off so so we’ll. Having a legit qb to guide us to points from TO’s makes a massive difference. 

BAD:

- Colquitt. I mean, it’s berry 2.0 so far, right? Lots of variance, which is why we didn’t like Berry. Let’s hope he finds his leg but man we need big booms and the defense will handle the rest. 

- Flags. Just soft today I thought. Whack calls. We can tighten it up, sure, but come on. 

Overall, this game was much closer than expected. We were far more conservative than I thought on offense. I could have swore we would attack their secondary, but I guess not. Interesting game plan but I mean it worked, so I will shut up I guess. Just felt like we were in control this whole game only for it to stay so close. 2-0!!!

Moving on to Houston and I got one question for yinz.... WHO RIDE!?

Edit: had DJ under bad but thank you guys for talking me through it. His fumble gave me a hurt feeling but he rebounded strong"
They had two downs to get two yards and our defense said ‘too fucking bad.’
Also kudos to Jeff Driskel he played well
"First and foremost, keep all arms, legs, knees, ankles and kankles healthy. Fucking brutal games across the board injury wise today!


What can I say! Our d-line is a nightmare for opponents. Just domination on that front. 


Our secondary, while good as well, are making too many mistakes that lead to penalties. They’re getting smoked by a damn 2nd stringer smh. We need to curb all of that ASAP. ABSOLUTELY NO REASON TO HAVE GOTTEN IN SO MANY RISKY SITUATIONS.


Offense, like last week, gelled better as the game went on. However, we need more cohesiveness. On paper we should be good but it’s not there yet. Ben with that big interception made us lose pace real quick. Overall, our playcalling is questionable. Whether it’s because they want to ease Ben in or they think our defense will carry the bulk, we need more urgency, more big plays. Can’t be playing like this, especially for teams like ravens.


Too many flags on us this game too. Some warranted but cmon, Broncos be fucking up too and nothing. 


Regardless, a W is a W. Real test with the Texans I think. Watson will be solid competition. 


HERE WE GO"
The defense has to clean it up on those automatic first down penalties.
We’re 2-0. In the end that’s all that matters.
FUCK THE REFS
I don't know if this team is helping or hurting my cardiac health.
Thanks for stressing me out for 3 hours Pittsburgh
"Messy game. We need to fix a lot of stuff, but we're 2-0 boiis"
"I have a lot of love for Mike Munchak, and no hard feelings for him going to Denver.  But damn does it feel good to get 7 sacks on his O-line."
It’s not Steelers football unless it’s interesting in the final 5 minutes.
The Steelers and giving me heart palpitations while playing bad teams with backup QBs. Name a more iconic duo
FUCK THE REFS AND FUCK DENVER
James Conner: “Reports of my death are greatly exaggerated.”
Fire Randy Fichtner into the sun
"STYLE Points dont matter, so throw it out the window!

- Mike tomlin after winning Superbowl 43."
Relatively minor thing but Claypool looks great on ST
"Too many stupid penalties kept them in this game, need to clean that shit up quick cause we’re not gonna be playing Jeff Driskel all year"
i don't wanna hear any more conner or edmunds slander for at least a week
"Step 1: Get an early lead

Step 2: Let the other team hang around

Step 3: Heart Attack

Step 4: ???

Step 5: Win.

https://twitter.com/Alex_Kozora/status/1307776881106837504?s=20"
"Also, before it gets forgotten, you all need to understand the value of a well thrown challenge. It’s basically a longer timeout with a chance of a huge positive happen.

Not every challenge is thrown with the expectation of an overturn. That sounds crazy I know. Learned it from my old college coach."
STEELERING IS BACK ON THE MENU BOYS
Denver was only it because of shit penalties. These refs sucked dong.
EXHALE
"Secondary has me worried for when they go against a good offense, but that front 7 is elite and this is a game the Steelers typically lose most years so that's exciting.

Time for 3-0."
"That may have been an ugly win, but we take those"
Grandma needs a goddamn Vodka and Valium straight up after that.
I’m happy they won and also furious because I had -6.5 and Connor blue balled me
10 penalties needs to be cleaned up. Can't compete with the kings of the AFC with that. I will say the officiating was literal butthole but still.
The silver lining is that Chase Claypool is amazing 🍁
"Good win, but not a great one. Offense needs better play calling."
"First half was awesome! Second half stressed me the fuck out. Lots of stuff to iron out, but a win’s a win"
"Steelers are 2-0 and almost entirely healthy. After this week, that’s going to be a better situation than 90% of the league.

Have some things to clean up (secondary play, penalties etc) but lots of reason for optimism"
"""The rumors of my death have been great exaggerated.""


-James Conner"
A wins a win.
Game threads are always full of over reactions and I dunno why it still surprises me.
"Messy win, tighten up stupid sloppy penalties. However, I am still a happy girl. I got butterflies when Claypool got that TD I feel he is going to be special!!! Man I just freaking love football."
"So idk about anybody else but I was nervous when Lock got hurt and I found out Driskel was their #2. The kid can play. I’m not too upset about him torching our secondary, we didn’t  game plan for him. A dub is a dub, I don’t care how we get it. Texans next week should be a good judge of how good we actually are."
"I know it’s hard sometimes, but gosh let’s be positive in the game thread. We got the dub, that’s all that matters."
The only reason this game was close was because of how many penalties we had.
An ugly win counts just as much as a blowout. Lets go!
*sweats nervously* never in doubt
Once Snell fumbled I thought we were gonna lose to Denver again man. Had flashbacks to Xavier Grimble being a dumbass and that playoff game we limped into Denver with a practice squad offense in the playoffs.
"So does a safety also count as a sack? If so, does that make TJ and Derrick the first brothers to get a sack in the same game?"
These refs out there trying their hardest to give Denver the win for some reason
"Sloppy by the offense, gotta play a little bit better, lucky it was week 2.

Defense incredible like usual. 6 sacks 2 takeaways is awesome.

Refs also tried to give Denver this game"
"should have been a blowout, but ill take the win"
"Tyson Alualu has been the unsung hero of that defensive line, just an absolutely terror."
"Really wonder why yinzers even watch games, none of them seem to ever enjoy any moment of it"
Not exactly what I expected but I’m happy still.
Got the win. Another week of mental errors. Gotta clean that shit up
"It wasn’t fucking pretty, but we got the job done today"
It wouldn't be Sunday without a heart attack!
"Offensive play calling has been very bad the past two weeks. 
The 4 man rush wasn’t getting to Driskel in the second half which is also an issue. 
Glad for the win though."
Dotson did the Banner block on the kneel-down 😭
"Crisis averted. 

Imagine if we lost that shit."
"That was another amazing outing by the defense and anyone saying the D hurt us is wrong.  The offense was anemic in the 3rd and the D couldn’t rest, and honestly they still played out of their minds. What we need is our RB’s to learn ball security and to cut down on these really scuffed penalties across the board (looking at you Minkah) and we are set"
Uncomfy. We gotta tighten up a bit when it counts. Snell's fumble was the killer. But a lot of promise on both sides and especially ST.
GGs. We’ll figure it out guys
"Pretty brutal showing to be honest. I felt like we were a top-5 team last week, but you can't have this kind of performance against a mediocre team with that many key injuries. Going to be optimistic and chalk it up to rust that we're still shaking off. Can't complain *too* much when you're sitting at 2-0."
"VICTORY PRE-ROLL!!!

A little too close for comfort there towards the end but we should also expect some rough patches not having the pre-season and all. We still managed to pull it out and roll on to who have the unfortunate luck of facing the Ravens this week before getting shredded again. 

TOP OF THE AFC NORTH!!"
I just can’t understand why we call the same shotgun run play that literally gets no yards. We got a fullback. Put him in and run an actual power play instead of this stupid shotgun run.
Mike Hilton was an animal
Week 2 of wondering why Derek Watt isn’t more involved
"This was far from their best game, but the defense really showed they know how to close out games today."
"Good

\-Give TJ Watt whatever he asks for. Do anything to keep him

\-Ben looks good

\-Pressure looks good

\-Chase Claypool so far looks like he should have been long gone before the Steelers had a shot at him

Bad

\-Randy Fichtner is a trash offensive coordinator. Even with Ben it is still clear he has no business running an offense, but he stays on because Mason and Duck shoulder blame, some of which belongs to Fichtner for the bad 2019 offense

\- The secondary is definitely worse. 535 yards combined to Daniel Jones and Jeff Driskell is not good enough for any team that wants to win a Super Bowl. Minkah Fitzpatrick so far looks more like Sean Davis/Cam Kelly than what he was last year. 

\-How blind must Tomlin be to still not realize that Danny Smith is a trash special teams coordinator who should have been fired more than 5 years ago. Seriously, why does this guy still have a job?

\-It's clear that coaching is this team's biggest weakness"
"This team got 7.5 sacks and a pick and still had to squeak out a win.

Randy Fichtner is fucking trash."
Giving them 6 first downs on defensive penalties is unacceptable. That was way tighter than it should have been.
"Broncos fan here - Congrats and good luck to you.

All in all there isn't much else to ask for other than to be in it for the win against a good team when you're down your starting QB, top WR(Sutton), best defensive player(Von), and #1 corner(Bouye).  Losing Lock really sucks though.  I wasn't expecting too much from this season, especially with KC in the division, but I was hoping we would get a nice solid read on whether Lock is the right QB going forward and now that could very well be a wash too.  

From the game standpoint your defense is obviously excellent but the lack of a run game really hurts - with one there would have been no chance for us to stage a comeback try and it would certainly help protect your QB.  Hopefully Ben can stay healthy this year and we get to see him make at least one last run."
Silver lining: At least the Falcons have managed to Steeler-it worse than the Steeler's did today.
Steelers did plenty of mistakes and happy with the win but this was a serious case of ref ball giving extra changes to the broncos. Just call the same game on both sides.
"Thank you refs for keepong a close game, glad you could help"
Penalties and turnovers.
"The secondary is a problem right now, hopefully it gets better. Thank god we have an amazing front seven though. At least we won."
ALSO I DONT WANNA SEE ANY SLANDER AGAINST CONNER AGAIN.
The refs fucked us but we can't let off the pedal in the second half... Got to be better against the Texans
"Our defense giveth, our defense taketh away. 

Also, I went to UK, had a class with Benny. I don’t care how much heart he has, he’s always had ball security issues. Hope they work on that."
THEY SHOT ME IN DENVER!
edmunds should be moved to linebacker and put someone else in coverage. i cant recall someone being so jekyll and hyde like the difference between his run defense and pass defense capabilities.
"Ugliest of wins 😂

I’m glad they got this but there’s no way we’re competitive with the better teams in the league in this state. A lot of bad calls by the refs but a lot to clean up on both sides of the ball..."
Refs tried so hard to give Denver the game
What the FUCK was that reffing and how is that allowed to happen?
We need to include Derek Watt more in run plays. The difference he made in that Conner run
"Lol yinzers bitching about the score, we outplayed them for the most part and got the W...quit your bitchin."
"The defense held strong, but if we keep relying on them to dig us out of hole after hole we won't keep this up.

The offense cannot be feast or famine with their drives.  We're either gashing teams, or we're stalling out (or worse turning it over).  Either way it's not eating up time and it's going to gas our defense in the long run.  And when you get good field position at mid-field in the waning minutes of the first half while up 17-3, YOU GO FOR THE DAMN KILL YOU COWARDS (I'm looking at you Finchter) instead of just trying to get to half-time.

And I swear, if we run 4 damn screen plays consecutively again, someone needs to be fired.  Is anyone surprised that after the 3rd one that Denver's defense read the next play and stuffed us on 3rd and short?  Why on earth can't we get a decent OC on this team is beyond me."
Our off and def coaches are liabilities.
I hope that our defense shitting the bed was an anomaly or a series of unfortunate events. Because they looked exploitable in the 2nd half.
Championship teams win close games they should have lost. Food for thought
Bro imagine not being 2-0 lmao couldn’t be us
Johnson is an enigma of a kick returner
"The offense needs some time to gel and even Ben mentioned that. Ben has said himself he is still learning to trust his young receivers, along with developing his footwork. Benny Snell cannot fumble the ball anymore and our Secondary needs to tighten up.


I hate blaming refs but where was a lot of crumby calls that kept their drives going that gave them some momentum, and some points. If we cleaned up or penalties it wouldn’t have been so close."
Do you think Tomlin tossed the flag just to give the D that much more time to rest?
"Some of you need to calm the fuck down when the team is not looking the best and have faith because good lord y’all are reactionary as fuck. Good win today, Go Steelers!!"
"Had a close one with Denver, half this sub thinks the season is over."
Edmunds and Conner MVP
"I’m not normally a ref-ball conspiracy guy, but wtf.  Refs have their hands on the flag every time Driskel throws, but are completely blind to blatant holding?"
Edmunds is the hero we didn’t see coming.
Glad to see the D can hold up when it counts!
A WIN IS A WIN HERE WE FUCKIN GO BOYS
GGEZ. never easy haha
An ugly dub is still a dub. Clean it up for next week
R-E-L-A-X
That game shouldve been way more lopsided and it's the entire teams fault. Multiple times we started on the 50 or around it and did nothing. Defense shit the bed consistently and the fucking refs are shit. This game pissed me off and we won lol
I don’t think I’ve been as mad at the game thread as I was today. I’m usually one of the people making sarcastic jokes and generally ignoring the idiots in there but today got to me
Nothing is more fun and frustrating than a Steelers game. i swear i'll hav a heart attack before 30!
"Definitely wasn't a pretty win, but we're used to these kinds of games. Just game 2, so hopefully with each week there are things that get cleaned up."
Anyone have a Juju/Diontae TD celebration pic/video?
Wtf I love James Connor now
"What is it with this team and fumbling away games to Denver. It's a good sign that they were still able to close it out, at least defensively. But man, Driskel almost came back on this defense, which they wouldn't have even been in a position to come back if the offense would get their shit together. I'm glad we won, the good thing is the issues today are all fixable. But Jesus they can't have this stuff happen against good teams or we'll get smoked."
Can’t wait to see the breakdown on just how many times we hit/sacked the QB today
"A game where you have six sacks, an interception, and a safety should be one where you win by more than that, but I'll take it."
"""maybe next year""


Guys... Breathe. It's the second game of the season. We are basically still in pre-season games. Of course we are going to have some kinks to work out. Ben coming off an injury. Everyone's just trying to get back into that rhythm."
Hated running from shotgun still with 3rd and 1 at the goal line before halftime. Two yard loss and forced to kick fg instead of taking two downs to put the game away early.
Got fucked on a couple obvious calls but defense played stout. Offense still learning to gel but god damn I love having Dionte. Also PLAY CLAYPOOL MORE. Dude is an absolute stud. Sorry Washington you have a place in my heart but Chase is the burner with hands to match. The later portion of this season as the offense comes together is going to be nasty
I was screaming at the TV during that 4th and 2 at the start of the second half. I understand making them jump but don't waste a time out just go for it again and not get the first down. Take the delay and pin them down. Or if not that then just go for it when the clock winds down and not burn a time out for nothing. Glad the defense stepped up for that last drive when I really was getting dizzy
Game was too close but I'll  take it. Key point: No one badly injured.
"Anyone else think the play colors had absolutely zero energy? I don’t know if I’ve ever heard more mundane and calls in my entire life. I didn’t even realize the Snell fumble happened for a half a second, because the guys barely reacted. And Ben’s amazing vintage scramble and throw to Diontae sounded like a 6 yard pass for a first down"
Gotta do better next week.  Houston is looking pretty good right now and is giving the Ravens a run for their money in the first half of their game.
"Rooting on you guys because of Dustin Colquitt. He’s the man.

I think this conference is a 3-man race between the Chiefs, Ravens, and Steelers."
It was messy but a win is a win. Steelers are the same old Steelers playing down to the opponents. I was impressed by conner today. D looked insane in first half. Excited to see where this season goes!!
it may have been ugly but we won and i hope we continue winning no matter how ugly it may get
2-0! Woooooooo!!!
"So when can we talk about Minkah Fitzpatrick? 

2 horrible penalties, 3 missed tackles, 2 blown coverages. That was just today.

Easily the worst game he’s played as a Steeler. 

Today just seemed very out of character for him."
"Not the most confident win we could have had, but at least we won't wake up tomorrow pissed because we lost!  Ben looked good when they let him sling it."
"Love the win but why did we run it at the very end? After Connor’s long run, we could have kneeled out, but we ran it twice."
JC30 with the best irl representation of me mashing the shit out of the R2 button trying to go faster
"James Conner sealed the game. Benny Snell almost lost it. Pretty quiet from all the Snell fans who were convinced Snell was better than Conner.

Snell’s fumbled twice in like 15 carries this season."
Stillers goin to the supabowl
"Man, if I am honest I can't even be happy about that game. The 2nd half was pretty bad. I'll take that W but I don't feel good about it."
Aaaaaaand unclench
A win is a win
Bruh
Never a doubt! Calm. Collected. Relaxed!
HAZAA! I didn’t jinx us!
"If you look at this game as the 2nd preseason game, it was pretty good, right?"
Will watching this team ever not give me palpitations?
"As terrifying as that five point lead looked, I'LL TAKE A 2-0 ANY DAY, BABY!"
"Secondary is the weakest part of this team. Don’t think it should have been that close against a 2nd string QB and such a young offense in Denver. They’ve got to clean up or other teams are going to feast.

Kind of wish play calling was a little more conservative ie that 4th and 2 play but hindsight is 20/20. 

Win is a win."
"Good lord, this team is gonna give me a heart attack. I’m not meant to feel joy and despair in two minutes time"
What do they have against the running game? Would it kill to have some balance?
We really need a new LT
"Dotson played well, really happy with that. Next week will be the game we see if were good or really good."
Not really a good game at all but we are 2-0 so it doesn’t matter. Just keep winning.
"Oh man I’m just gonna say it. Happy af to get the win, but horrible turnovers. However the biggest killer was the non call on ebron PI. That literally turned the game from easy win to close game. The refs fucking sucked."
September wins are always good. We hit our stride in mid-November anyway.
anyone know where to watch highlights?
Bince had 3 TFL today nice
Anyone else see Chick on the broncos sidelines?
"I understand people want to shit on Fichtner’s game plan, however i can’t just yet. I think he doesn’t want to show his best plays. He’s saving them so there isn’t tape on those plays yet. He wants to work on those short yardage plays so opposing defenses down the line won’t be prepared for new plays down the line"
"Two words...""Johnson's Hands"""
"Defense left a lot to be desired when it comes to the secondary. Our front 7 played fine. They had some big runs and we didn't stuff the run like last week, but they did good. 7 sacks is a huge day. I think 2 of 3 PI calls were dog shit and shouldn't of been PI. ESPECIALLY the last one. Offense looked fine. Ben made a bad throw, but it happens. All QBs do that.   


Chase Mother Fuckin' Claypool. He looked amazing. Really happy to see that kid get a chance. If he continues to develop, dear lord.   


Defense has to improve. Offensive playcalling must get better. Other then that, ugly W but gotta take what we can get!"
"I think once we were up the Steelers emotional level dropped and thus their playing ability. That’s the problem with a coach that motivates through emotion, you tend to play down to lesser teams and has plagued both Cowher and Tomlin through the years. That said the Broncos are a team that never gives up and most of their losses are close ones. Just happy we got the win and beat a team that we should of beat,"
That game shouldn't have been that fucking close
That was closer than I thought it would be. Offense looked good then bad then good. I hope it gets a little bit more consistent.
We didn’t choke playing Denver. It’s finally our year
"7 sacks against Denver, 19 QB hits.

Deshaun Watson coming up, who is basically young Roethlisberger as far as holding onto the ball too long. The defense might set a sack/QB hits record this game."
[deleted]
Connor has a good day but my god is he SLOWER THAN MY MEEMAW
"Terrel Edmunds, life saver  and then James Conner with the secure of the game"
"We’ve got problems we really need to sort out...Offensively we look hit or miss. But fuck it, we won! Victory Sunday boys! Fuck the refs btw."
"Between the crappy corner blitzes and the bullshit PI calls this was way too close for comfort.... That said, this defense has that bend dont break quality that great defenses have... The offense I must say looks very improved compared to last year, gotta keep that focus though..."
"Our defense almost gave up an 82 yard fourth quarter drive to lose the game against Jeff Driskel with no Courtland Sutton...almost. I honest to God don't give a shit how we look in these first four games, we just need to secure as many wins until the teams across the league gain some footing in this weird AF 2020 season. GGs"
"We were the better team, did typical Steelers things and allowed them to stay in the game way longer than they should've, but we have the talent to pull it out in the end.

Great from Edmunds to make up for that (very soft) PI call on 3rd and 11 with the big game-sealing sack.

Johnson is a hell of a WR, but needs to fix his hands and the small errors (fumbles, drops, spatial awareness of where the down marker is, etc.) Still, a lot of promise there and some of it starting to be realized.

We need to find some way - any way - to get our cap situation such that we can resign Bud. He and Watt are ridiculous and cover for our lackluster secondary so frequently via pressure.

Ben continues to look like vintage Ben and that's great news for us. Love seeing him back under center.

All in all, 2-0 is 2-0, now we root for a Ravens loss."
"God watching the steelers makes me tear out my hair when we almost throw 4th quarter leads. Considering becoming a ""Football Team"" fan so I can enjoy football instead of losing sleep over it."
"Edmunds I never doubted you.....nooat!

Win is a win"
You know for some reason I don't hey Terrell Edmunds anymore lol. Not after he saved the game basically with that sack lol.
We won. It’s good. But we have a lot of work to do. Tbh we didn’t deserve to win.
"Wow boys you couldn’t kick the field goal to cover the spread for your fans?

Happy to see them hold on, disappointed they blew the spread haha. Dionte looked great today excited to see how much of an impact he can make this year."
"I knew it coming into this game, Fant was going to be the biggest concern on defense. He was torching Devin Bush, not sure why they didn’t put a safety on him."
"I said it in the game thread, I’ll say it here. Fans who act like Tomlin does not have a discipline problem are as ridiculous and over the top as those who act like Tomlin is the worst coach ever and should’ve been fired years ago. Tomlin has many good qualities but also many bad ones ranging from lack of discipline, poor clock management, and poor challenge decisions. All of his bad qualities have been on display in this game. The Steelers hanging on for the win doesn’t change that. This game shouldn’t have been one that Denver was a couple first downs away from winning."
"Tomlin is a good coach, unfortunately Tomlin fans think he’s the second coming of Jesus. Too many of these games where Tomlin plays down to his opponent. It’s not a meme, it’s not exaggerated, it’s just a fact. Sometimes the Steelers win against bad QBs, sometimes they lose. They rarely dominate bad QBs like they should 

Tomlin going for the 4th down up 11 was idiotic. Ben throwing the INT was idiotic. Keith Butler is a fucking dunce. 

Claypool is the real deal."
"We can’t cover the spread AT HOME against JEFF DRISKEL, our offense is embarrassing. Benny Snell can’t hold a football."
"Glad we won and good game broncos, but we looked really rusty after half time. What was going on because Q1 and Q2 were AMAZING."
The PI calls were weak as fuck and the two turnovers were killer
The officials called some weak 3rd down interference calls
6 first downs for the Broncos through penalties really helped them hang in there. At least two of those were extremely suspect
"On offense- snell fumble, diontae dropped 3rd down, Ben was a little off the mark on this pass also
Defense- bullshit PIs but also devin bush getting dominated by Fant. Need to fix this before we play the ravens and mark andrews"
Penalties at very bad moments. There were several drives that were about to end  but got extended by penalty. Subtract the penalties and the defense did fine.
That seems to be happening all around the league.  There was no preseason this year.  Guys probably not in top playing shape.  Also no crowd to give you a rush on a lazy sunday afternoon.
Penalties and then pass rush couldn’t get much after first half
"EDMUNDS. He was blowing so many coverages. He just didn't have a good game at all, that last sack was basically the only good thing he's done today."
"The D had a great half but on offense, Q1 and Q2 were solid but not otherworldly. Negative runs. A fumble. A sack. Screens for no gain. Penalties.

The Claypool TD brightened an otherwise pedestrian start."
"I'd blame Ben's duck of an int and Snell fumble for keeping momentum with Denver. GOT THE W, all that matters at this point"
"So when can we talk about Minkah Fitzpatrick?

2 horrible penalties, 3 missed tackles, 2 blown coverages. That was just today.

Easily the worst game he’s played as a Steeler. 

Today just seemed very out of character for him."
Always the best when the Steelers win a game.
LULULULUULUULU
Fuck half of you in the game thread. A win is a win.
[removed]
"Tbh their punter was really the one who caused the safety, but Watt was the first to capitalize on his fuck up"
Yes yes it was Derek.. not JJ not TJ but fucking Derek Watt got the safety!!! Fucking hell yesss. Overall I was happy with special teams today.
"He was definitely in on the play, as well as the lead blocker on Connor's big run."
Yes it  was Watt.
"I was seriously hoping it'd go down as a sack, but I'm pretty sure it's just a TFL."
[deleted]
I think Vance was celebrating from the moment the ball left Ben's hand
That was so 2010s Ben that I was expecting AB on the other end of that throw
What a beauty 😍
"Besides allowing 21 points to Jeff Driskel, the team looked good. Diontae Johnson was great, Juju had 7 catches. Conner did amazing in his 18 touches (yes ik the big run was a huge part of it), the team just looked in sync all game. Who do you think played best for the Steelers today?"
Best play was Claypool TD showed so much promise!!
"What?

The looked good for about 30 minutes of the game.

But they play 60."
Claypool needs more targets
"Honestly, if it weren't for the two turnovers and the horrible calls, it wouldn't have been such a close game.  Crazy how much two poorly timed TOs can change things."
I'll be honest I'm not sure that this analysis warranted its own thread
This game needed more cowbell...er Claypool.
""
... and sometimes it's for holding. It's nice to keep the audience on their toes.
Why did you have to mention that man's name I had forgotten him lol.  Seems this way all over the league tho..
This is such bullshit... Danny Smith would never run out of bubblegum.
""
I assume Brady and belicheck are 1 or 2 but who is the other?
But I read several times today how we were going to lose and it was all their fault... /s
And people will still call for Tomlin’s head.
"With today’s win, Coach Tomlin &amp; Ben Roethlisberger now have the third-most regular season wins by a head coach-quarterback tandem in NFL history, passing Coach Don Shula &amp; Dan Marino (116). 

***

posted by [@steelers](https://twitter.com/steelers)

Photos in tweet |  [Photo 1](http://pbs.twimg.com/media/EiYtlhWXkAAn5uk.jpg) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
But that’s Cowher’s QB /s
"Too many defensive penalties. I don't think it's really an issue at this point (early in the season, no preseason to work out the subtleties) but although we've got the physical talent, we need to get that mental discipline into shape soon.

But our receivers looked great (keep that ball forever, Claypool), and Ben's arm was solid.

In short, looking good, but let's see great soon!"
I’m more worried about us taking our foot off the gas and letting bad teams stay in the game.
I can’t wait to see Watt on Watt violence next week!
3 of 4 of the defensive PI calls were horseshit tho
"The problem with penalties, especially the kind I saw today, and have seen going on 2 years now, is that they are due to poor officiating.  It's really hard to account for that, as it is out of our control.  

The only thing that can be done is clean up some of our other stuff, like the turnovers that shouldn't have happened.  Neither of those were just unlucky, they were just bad play."
"Yeah a couple stalled drives and fumble are always annoying but good teams have to figure out how to win.


I don't think they've played a good opponent yet. I'm looking at the schedule and I'm not even sure when that would be. Maybe the titans? They did pretty well last season. So we'll see how they stack up against them.


Those raven games will be here before we know it.


Without preseason games I'm giving them a couple weeks before I'm too hard on them."
"The guy worrying me is Devin Bush.  He was about a 4/10 today, probably a 4.5/10 last week.  He can make plays when he's kept completely clean, but pretty much useless against any type of blocking.  He's really starting to give off Brian Bosworth vibes.  Good college backer with some aestheticism, but just couldn't get off any blocks and pretty much useless unless the DL does all the dirty work for him."
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
We've got this already. https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/iwma1w/steelers_with_todays_win_coach_tomlin_ben/
[deleted]
It's definitely going to be a big talking point since TJ and JJ have never actually played against each other because JJ was hurt the last time the teams played.
"High Wattage

Watt's that you say?

Say Watt?

Watteverywhere"
Camera cuts to the Watt family in the stands wearing those half split jerseys and mismatching gear. Unfortunately we won't see it because no fans in attendance 😒
Do we get to call it the Watt Bowl this time?
WAIT
how trade stephon tuitt for jj watt and we will be good.  :D
[deleted]
All my leagues have gone to Yahoo. The app and site are great. The advice they give...not so much.
Are we playing Pitt next week?
"I don't know if I would use him against our defense, did you see what they did to Saquon?"
People still use Yahoo?
Our runs looked so much better the scant times we had a fullback(Watt) leading the way.  The runs out of the shotgun are mediocre usually.
I’m sure the HCs are all scanning this subreddit frequently and will consider your advice greatly.
"Derek is still working his way in from the injury he had pretty much all training camp.

Give it time."
Derek needs more snaps. So does MapleTron
"It would certainly be nice, since the two TE's combined couldn't block an intersection with a semi-trailer. Pair of overweight WR's."
"I don’t remember who it was(I watched a lot of football commentary last week and I have an awful memory for names), but someone was discussing how they thought Derek would be used and they said that he probably wouldn’t be a major part of the run game outside of scenarios where running is really the only good option. Because putting a FB in the game is basically a blatant signal to the defense that you’re going to run it."
I think it was just the lack of preseason games and live reps.
No! Because Randy said so!
"Obviously the run at the end of the game was great lead blocking from Derek, but if you're going to ask me to choose between having Washington/DJ/Claypool/Ebron on the field instead of him, I'm taking a one of those other guys 9 times out of 10. Even on running downs, the added flexibility of having that extra reciever is invaluable to not only disguising setups, but also gives more options for Ben if he sees anything at the line."
ROSIE NIX!!
That'll come once Canada fully takes over. Be patient
""
