text
"It's only been a stat since 2006 but the current single season QB hits record is 51 by JJ Watt in 2014, TJ is on pace for 49 and would need 15 over the final 4 games to get the record. Not an easy task but if he has a big game VS the bengals it could happen"
"Don't worry, Randy will draw a few plays up to ensure the defense gets a fair share of time in the games to come"
If he didn't get hooked so often I'd say yeah.
[deleted]
They were angry after losing the mini-bye and having the Ravens game postponed multiple times.  Came out and unleashed hell with a 3&Out and INT to start on offense.  Couldn't score a TD until the 4Q and had to hang on to get a W vs a JV team.
"C'mon man, they're professionals not a bunch of teenagers, if they're angry or not it doesn't matter, they need good calls and don't drop the fucking ball but guess what? Offensive coordinator sucks and WR have butter hands, they need to improve not being angry as a group of children."
"The Steelers have been ""angry"" for like three weeks and have looked like dog shit the whole time. No idea what you're expecting to happen with the bills, who are one of the best teams in the nfl"
"I thought they were supposed to be angry after the game was postponed 3 times against Baltimore, nope. 

Angry when Tennessee removed our bye, nope.

If this is them 'angry' the last couple weeks then teams will be lining up to play them."
"I sure hope so..  but we can’t assume that a team angry from a loss will play better. We can assume if they execute on the field and make the routine plays consistently, they’ll play better. But to your point this loss should help them refocus on the season, and if the players are genuinely angered, I hope they can channel that into better play on the field"
"1. They need to push the ball down the field more. Defenses aren’t afraid of the deep ball because they rarely throw it. Linemen are just putting their hands up and knocking these short passes down. 

2. Hopefully Haden is good for Sunday night and so is Spillane. We can’t afford to lose any more defensive players. Next man up only works for so long before you get to an area of your depth chart where the skill level drops off sharply. 

3. Conner is obviously the best RB on the team. He’s at least a threat at RB. The rest of them aren’t."
Really? And you know this because?...
[deleted]
Cowherd is a clickbait douchebag. He can want what he wants Steelers fans simply don't fucking care about Cowherd
"Steelers have one of the largest fan bases in the NFL, and members of the media know this. We’re a passionate bunch and will defend the team when anyone speaks ill of the Steelers. Unfortunately trolls exists for this reason. Trolls are going to troll, that’s what they do. Ignore it, don’t fall for the bait. Dealing with online trolls is hazardous to your health and well being."
Should the Steelers resign JuJu next season?
Yes. Lmk my age dude
"Hell yes.

."
Yes
Yes. What’s my age?
Yes.
Yes
"I can guess every Steelers fans IQ with 95% accuracy with one simple question:

Should the Steelers resign JuJu next season?"
Yes.  What is my age?
PAY THIS MAN (I’m curious how old you think I am)
Yes. He’s in a weird spot being the vet for the (slightly) younger dudes out there catching and Ben obv loves him. What’s my age again (blink 182 vibes)
Yep
He plays the way he does and still has potential. Sign the man
Pay the man
Yes. What’s my age
If he wants WR1 money then no. WR2-3? Sure.
Last time I make a post before going to work... okay here I go on everyone’s age!
"Not a simple yes no answer. If it's a team friendly contract yes. If he wants a ton of money, no. How old am I?"
"Yes.

OP is not living up his end of the bargain here. What's my age again?"
Yes but he's gonna have to take a discount. His hit on Burfict cemented him as a Steeler for life.
Not on WR1 money because we can’t afford it
"Yes, lemme know"
"Yes, but only if we use him in more of the way we did from 17-19.

If he is going to continue to be used for 4 yard slants, then no. I'd rather spend the money on other pending free agents."
Of course they should. How this correlates with my age... that I am interested in.
Depends.
"Depends on the terms.  I'd like to see him back, yes.  But not for AB money."
Depends if the numbers work!
No.  Already in salary cap hell.
No
100%. No question about it
Absolutely
No.
No
No
"I'll play along. 

(Assuming he doesn't come back on some sort of terrific, team-friendly deal) Absolutely not. How old am I?"
"Yes if he accepts wr2 level money. If he wants Hopkins money, then he gone."
Depends on how much he wants. He's out of his mind if he's thinking he's getting proper no. 1 receiver money from us.
Probably not for the the money he’s going to command
[deleted]
"I personally don't care if the Browns make the playoffs. We beat them 38-7. Why wouldn't we want a chance to play them in a must win game? 

I'd rather the expansion Browns go 14-2 before I ever root for the Ravens."
The Ravens winning last night and this week against Cle will likely put them in a playoff spot... against The Steelers as the likely 2 seed.. I'd much rather see the Ravens lose and miss the playoffs then have to see them again in the first round of the playoffs. The only way the Browns take the division is if the Steelers go 1-3 or 0-4 the rest of the way.
The only time I've ever wanted the Cowboys to win was last night.
"I don't want to play the Ravens in the playoffs. Our run defense is severely compromised without Bush, especially the kind of run schemes they use. We need Bush's speed to counter Lamar's. On the other hand, their defense is very good. It will be a tossup. The Browns are an easier matchup for us."
"Fuck this kumbaya shit.
Down with the clowns.
Down with the bungles.
Down with the ratbirds. 
Down with the cheats.

Go steelers. 

The end."
""
Will you fuckers stop being likeable for a week?
This does not help me hate you.
"The Heyward House is a good one, founded by Cam Heyward. Supports children in the Pittsburgh area. 

https://thecameronheywardfoundation.org"
"Steelers fans and Bills fans have always had mutual respect after you helped us get into the playoffs. I think Pittsburgh may have returned the favor by helping Buffalo get in the playoffs one year but I’m not sure. Either way, your fan base is totally awesome. Best of luck this weekend. Josh Allen is a special guy."
Thank you for doing this. Sorry about your loss this upcoming Sunday.
"My Google-fu skills are not finding many charities and unfortunately, I’m in meetings all freaking day!  Any chance you could point me in a direction?"
"See this I why I like the bills, they’re just a nice group that likes to donate to charity, but unfortunately I must root against you :("
Why can’t you let me hate you :(((
"Damn you awesome bills fans, I can't be angry"
"Bills got one of the best fan bases in sports, no doubt. Committed to their team and excellent in the community."
"Aw, that's lovely. I needed something good this week. Thanks!"
This is the most wholesome smack talk I ever seen. Thanks for your charitable acts btw- but you catching the smoke Sunday
"Bills have one of the best fanbases in sports imo. They may not be huge but they’re loyal, never obnoxious, seem to have a good sense of humor, donate to charity, and know how to have a damn good time. I’d say going to a game of ours up there is on my “sports event” bucket list"
"So, my favorite Steeler's related charity is one supported by the Steeler's fans of Minnesota ([https://www.sfominn.com/](https://www.sfominn.com/)) Our group normally runs raffles every Sunday as we pack the bar and drink beer and watch the game. Sadly, with the shutdown, we can't do that. The proceeds from the raffles go to support Second Harvest  ([https://www.2harvest.org/](https://www.2harvest.org/)) who supply meals to those in need. And there's a lot more in need this year.   


It's not Pittsburgh or PA, but it is a worthy cause supported by the friendliest die-hard Steeler's fans in the nation."
Z
"You’re just too goddamned friendly... just relocate to Canada already. I’m Canadian btw, your team would be my instant second favourite."
[deleted]
Looks like Spa-Francorchamps
My dad is a yunzer not a yinzer. Further down the Mon Valley
Amazing!  How is the fit?  I have a small ass head.
Where did you find this?
This is ridiculously tough
🔥🔥🔥Damn that fire
"I love it, however I first thought it was from the Ministry of Silly Walks.

Looks sick!"
Yinz likes
"That’s an awesome hat, not only does it capture our current best player in his trademark cele but it also has the shape of Pittsburgh itself, roughly but it’s cool nonetheless!"
How long did this take to ship? I would love to get one for my dad if the delivery can get to me in time
That’s so dope
I am going to give the benefit of the doubt and say OP’s phone autocorrected ‘yinz’ into a South Philly accent.
Antonio Brown kicking the punter? Nice.
I sort of wish TJ would stop doing the kick. As a PT I've seen too many injuries happen from simple things and I feel like he is going to pull or tear a hip muscle.
What’s that from? Monty Python’s Ministry of Funny Walks?
"Its yinz not yunz, noob"
It's not even fitted. Pass.
""
"I haven’t watched one all season since that was obviously the reason we hadn’t lost yet, I guess I’m good to watch this one?"
The best thing about a Steelers loss is that the Pittsburgh Dad episodes are always funnier. The dude got me through the misery of last season.
"

“Yeah... that’s how ALL this works Deb!”

Had me crying... said basically the same thing to my Wife! 🤣🤣🤣🤣"
This is the best one yet lol
That pearl harbor joke was riiiiiiisky...
"Dudes really not funny. His whole sell is his ""accent"" which half the time isn't even on point."
"#Bills OFFENSE

* 10th in Yards per game
* 3rd in Passing Yards per game
* 23rd in Rushing Yards per game
* 8th in Points per game
* 8th in Time of Possession
* 3rd in Comp %
* 4th (tied) in Passing TDs (28)
* 9th (tied) in Interceptions thrown (8)
* 26th (tied) in Fumbles (9)
* 5th in QB Rating
* 14th (tied) in Sacks allowed (24)

Sacks allowed last week = 1 (vs 49ers)

#Steelers DEFENSE

* 3rd in Yards per Game
* 2nd in Passing Yards allowed per Game
* 6th in Rushing Yards allowed per Game
* 1st in Points allowed per Game
* 3rd in Time of Possession
* 1st in Comp% Allowed
* 6th (tied) in Passing TDs allowed (17)
* 1st in Interceptions (16)
* 10th (tied) in Fumbles (7)
* 1st in QB Rating allowed 
* 1st in Total Sacks (44)

#Results

* 1. Giants - 3
* 2. Broncos - 7
* 3. Texans - 5 (Wrong)
* 5. Eagles - 5 (Correct)
* 6. Browns - 4 (Correct)
* 7. Titans - 2 (Wrong)
* 8. Ravens - 4 (Correct)
* 9. Cowboys - 2 (Wrong)
* 10. Bengals - 4 (Correct)
* 11. Jaguars - 2 (Wrong)
* 12. Ravens - 3 (Correct)
* 13. Football Team - 3 (Correct)

Subreddit's Record: 6-4

Time for a bounce back performance

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9ugeb)"
"2-3 at most. Allen is way too shifty.

I do predict though we make him fumble with a strip sack."
Allen gonna hold the ball too long😈😈
"I think TJ is going to pop off, he needs to for the record. He already has DPOY on lock."
we only need one to set the record and Allen is as slippery as a Monongahela whitefish so who knows he could be the one to break it but here's hoping
Would you guys start the steelers D in fantasy this week?
[deleted]
"I get the stats show that by margin of victory we are ahead of the other teams, but watching those games it has been a mix of blowouts (Browns early, Jags recently) and very close games. That doesn't really make this stat look bad, it just shows that it doesn't really mean anything.

We've been streaky and have a few glaring flaws opening up. There have been 3 games where we failed to put the other team away, and it cost us in one of them. We got lucky in 2 others.

We aren't as good as our record and the drops are not helping. Our defense is missing key guys and key backups, we were exposed by Alex Smith consistently in the second half. Luck finally turned on us with a knock-up interception on the first play of our last drive."
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser-known players you think will have an impact.

If you are a fan of the Bills, feel free to add in your two cents about the same topics above and/or ask us about the Steelers."
How much of an impact do you think Spillane and Haden being out will have?
"We're both strong teams and playoff bound. As much as I'd like to see the Bills win, my main hope is a good, clean, close game with no major injuries. 

Good luck!"
"I think we will see a more successful air attack this week. My best friend in a huge BUF fan, and was telling me in a discussion last night their secondary has had some pretty big issues with big, strong, physical WRs. If we can get something that resembles a *decent* run game going I think we could see a big day from Juju, Claypool, and hopefully Washington. It's supposed to be a pretty shitty night weather-wise though so the cards will be stacked against them in that respect."
We should utilize Dotson more in the run game. He is a people mover-check the highlights. We should have some semblance of a run game come Sunday (I hope)
"this game is gonna be a nightmare, ALL of my friends are Bills fans too"
"The Bills are going to force the Steelers to win with their running game. It will not open up the Steeler's passing game, they will just either be successful running or they will get beat. They will NOT win passing. That's just how McDermott does it."
"If our receivers remember how to catch and if we can establish a steady running game, then we have a shot at winning. Otherwise, this is going to be another embarrassing loss because McDermott will force us to run just like how we forced Lamar to throw."
"If we dont run the ball we lose that simple. If we can run the ball (>100 yds) and chew up clock I think we win. Ben throwing it 50 times isnt gonna work. In fact, the more Ben throws it after 35 attempts the higher our losing chance is"
"Man I like Snell I know he’s fumbled the ball a bit but he’s also gotten the tough yards when we needed it the most, a lot of the defenses we’ve played this year have been well organized and WFT is in the top 10 I think if we can get an extra blocker for Connor (or Snell) like say I don’t know our FB then we could probably get shit going on the run, just hard to get through holes that aren’t there"
"Hey there! I seem to recall us meeting around this time last year. Which team do you think has improved more since last year's game? In my heavily biased opinion, I'd like to say the Bills have improved more overall (our offense has made amazing strides, and though our defense took a step backwards in the first half of the season they've been playing well recently). But records speak louder than stats, and you guys have the much better record, so I'd love to hear your thoughts."
"Hey everyone! A user on our sub (UberHansen) does an in-depth analysis of our opponents each week and grades how they match up against our team. Obviously we're playing you this week, so [here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/buffalobills/comments/kb3b6r/game_matchups_preview_13_bills_vs_steelers/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) his analysis. Would be happy to have you stop by, leave a comment, and let him know if you think he's missed anything!"
"The more I'm looking at this, the more concerned I am that the Steelers could still lose the division.  Our remaining schedule is much more difficult than the Browns (who get to play the Giants and Jets)."
"Please use this thread to post any trash talk about next week's opponent. Some people from their sub may come here to do the same, so please:

**DO NOT DOWNVOTE VISITORS FOR USING THIS POST CORRECTLY. IT'S A TRASH TALK THREAD.**"
"Bills fans are nice and they're really...lovely...and, uh...

Shit."
I WOULDNT LET YOU GUYS NEAR MY TABLES BECAUSE YOUD PROBABLY BREAK IT LIKE THE INCREDIBLE HULK OR SOME SHIT
Imagine if a team had 4 years of bad luck in a row
Went to Pittsburgh for the SNF game last year and all the Steelers fans were respectful and the stadium was sweet and the wait I forgot where I was going with this
"Josh Allen looks like Uncle Rico when he grows a mustache, and it looks awful."
"You guys with your generosity towards charity and your exciting young quarterback... goddamnit, I got nothing"
"I went to see Phish at the Peterson Events Center last year and the parking was terrible. You guys have like 4 parking garages just for doctors.

Other than that I'm a big fan though. Best friend is a Steelers fan and you're my 2nd favorite team. Excited for this weeks matchup!"
"Ya'll can't even beat a team that is so bad they don't even get a name!

Also Pittsburgh is a cool town and I've had a couple of good times visiting there. People were nice, food was pretty good. If ya'll could change ""yinz"" for ""ya'll"" like a proper part of the country I might even consider moving there."
"In the past two years the Steelers have had a duck, a reindeer, and an old clock as their quarterbacks.  Steelers fans look forward to the day when a human player finally lines up under center."
"- Iron City is disgusting. Genny cream ale is far superior. 
- Ranch dressing is disgusting. Blue cheese is far superior. 
- Chase Claypool has zero hand eye coordination as evidence by his eye black application."
"There's only one time each year I'll listen to renegade, and that's when the Bills are dancing on the sidelines as the burgh boys lose.

All hopes to a clean, low-injury count game."
"It's weird when we play the Bills.  It's hard to hate on them, so I'll just say let's have a good game with no injuries...

...and WTF is up with you guys and tables?  That's really such a weird thing, you know?"
“Shout” is a better song than “here we go”.
Chase Claypool is Tyran Matthieu moonlighting as an offensive player. I’ve never seen them in the same place at the same time.
Check out this video of this [Browns fan](https://www.reddit.com/r/IdiotsInCars/comments/k9kx1n/drove_behind_him_and_watched_him_on_a_25mph/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) in /r/IdiotsInCars.
"WHO'S READY FOR JOSH ""FUCKS"" ALLEN TO GO SLANGIN' DICK UP AND DOWN THE FIELD??? 

YOU GUYS ARE ONLY ALLOWED TO HAVE TOUCHDOWNS FROM CHASE CLAYPOOL BECAUSE I'M CANADIAN SO HE'S OBVIOUSLY MY BOY!"
"Steelers? The only thing yall have been stealing is wins over bad teams. I would like to introduce you to the one and only buffalo offense, the super powered engine to a super bowl bound team. Lets see how good this steelers D actually is. Also good luck even though the person i hate second most in this world behind brady is a steelers fan"
"Wings suck.

Let the hate flow through you."
Time to play a real team....
Hope the bills play like it’s the third quarter the whole time
"I used to think Pittsburgh had shitty winters...

Then I went to Buffalo. Holy hell."
When will all you Steelers “fans” in this subreddit finally denounce the extremely racist guy I went to high school with who only posts trump things and whiny ref complaints after every Steelers game? Could it be because you all agree with him and endorse all his opinions? Really makes me think. 🤔
""
please pop off this week conner. you're our only hope
I knew Mike Munchak was a big loss but I didn’t expect it to be so noticeable just a year after he left   Hopefully the run game improves with Conner back
"Good deal, especially UG3. 

We now have 21 days to activate him. 🤞🤞"
I think Conner scores on 2-3 of those 6 attempts at the goal line.
Cassius Marsh is a huge fan of Magic the Gathering lol.
"With Tuitt back and Heyward healthy, we're 2 deep on LDE and 1 on RDE, so probably not much need for another one there.

Since we're playing Indianapolis in 3 weeks, did we sign Marsh just to get some insight into the Colts' defense?"
Glad Connor did well after his positive COVID test. Was a little worried about his health knowing the previous health issues he had to overcome.
"Thank God, not only for the sake of our running game (hopefully), but more importantly, for a guy who was probably high risk given his history with cancer to come off the Covid list already is good news. His life is more important than football."
Excellent news
So we went from no running game to ok running game.
Cassius Marsh...I hated that dude when he played for the Patriots. Can’t believe we signed him
Would love to see Gilbert return and give us some depth. Depending on how long Spillane is out we could use Gilberts speed in dime packages.
"
I now understand there is a scenario that can exist thank you for explaining everyone

Beware this is long because I am a very analytical person. So I have the Steelers losing out to become 11-5 I have Chiefs number 1 Titans 2 Bills 3 Browns 4 and the Wild cards all tied at 11-5 which are Raiders, Colts, Steelers and Dolphins. Note in order for Steelers to not make it all of these teams have to be ahead of them so  Steelers would be essentially 8th spot and Miss the playoffs. Also note only these 7 teams are capable of taking out the Steelers spot since Ravens can’t cause of the one from each division tiebreaker happing before the crazy 3 or more teams tiebreaker for the wild card (even if the browns are thrown in it doesn’t make a difference. Ok so back to Raiders, Colts, and Dolphins. Raiders have to win out to beat out Steelers which means them beating the Colts this week. Colts have a 4-4 Conference record right now so that means they would finish 7-5 conference. Raiders would finish 9-3 conference and Dolphins and Steelers at 8-4. The head to head doesn’t apply here since there are 4 teams tied. Colts would be eliminated cause of 7-5 conference and then tie breaker (strength of Vic in this case) would be used to separate Dolphins and Steelers for 6 and 7th while Raiders get 5th since technically everyone but them were eliminated in conference record tiebreaker. But the point of this is, since we can’t get the Colts and Steelers at 11-5 alone (where head to head would apply) Colts would always be eliminated first due to the 7-5 conference. Since they will always be eliminated first, they can not take the seed from the Steelers meaning the Steelers have Clinched a playoff spot right now."
Stopped reading after saying we'd finished 11-5. Tldr
"The playoffs were extended to more teams. In the past, they would have already clinched by mathematical results."
"Alright, I finally did it. After playing on [the NFL Playoff Machine](http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine) for so long, I finally found the way the Steelers can miss the playoffs. I believe this is the only scenario in which the Steelers can miss:

1) Tennessee must win the AFC South with a record of 11-5 or better. This means they can only lose to either the Lions or the Packers at most.

2) Las Vegas must win out to go 11-5.

3) Miami must win 3 of the last 4, losing only to LV, to go 11-5.

4) Indy must win 3 of the last 4, losing only to LV, to go 11-5.

5) This last step is a bit more convoluted, because there's several ways that this can happen. But the gist of it is the teams that we have beaten have to lose over these 4 weeks and the teams the Dolphins beat have to win. I've gotten this to happen several different ways. One way, for example, was to have the no upsets happen outside of what was needed for the above to happen. If that happened AND the Ravens also lost out, the Steelers would miss the playoffs."
This post gave me CTE
"Dolphins can still win the East which would put the Bills in the wildcard mix, and if the Steelers lose this week they would lose the head-to-head. In the South the Colts and Titans don't play each other again, so they could both win out and the Colts would win the division with conference record, and the Steelers would be a game behind the 12-4 Titans. As you noted, Steelers would be behind the Raiders, as well as behind the Chiefs (if the Chiefs lost out and Raiders won out, the Chiefs lose the tiebreaker to win the division. As a wildcard team, the Chiefs only have two more conference games to lose, vs the Steelers four)."
""
"Maybe I'm wrong, like 20% of the drops this past 2 weeks can truly be attributed to bad balls. The remaining 80% is just straight up tom foolery among the pass recipients. I don't think Ben is the ""full"" issue here."
"What a shitty leader, always throwing his guys under the bus. Right boys??"
"This is a leader. He brings what he can do better to the table. In this instance, he also endeavors to raise his teammates to their maximum capabilities."
"This is being a leader. He feels that his calling out AB in public lead to that nasty parting of ways, in my opinion. He’s not going to call these guys out in public. 

Could some throws have been better? Sure. But it’s also on the receiver to be where the ball is thrown. An overran route is going to be a less catchable ball. You’ve also got to try to throw the ball to an area that it was be caught or hit by the defender. 

Guys have dropped balls wide open that hit them in the numbers. Those should be catches every single time. 

These guys need to be in early working on the jugs machines. You have to catch those easy balls. 

Also, Fitchner needs to be relieved of play calling duties. Let Ben make the calls at the LOS and go no huddle all game long. The last few weeks they haven’t tried to stretch the field much. Don’t ask guys to make 2 yard catches into 7+ yard gains every play."
"He's definitely more careful with the media now, but this is still the general tone he's had for years. He might break down a specific play when asked about that specific play, but he always ended with ""I have to do better."" Which made the hot takes trying to blame Tomlin and Ben for AB's behavior 2 years ago quite obviously bullshit at the time, let alone seeing subsequent events. Turns out the *Days of our Steelers* memes were just *Days of our MBC* all along"
"r/NFL:

Horrible selfish leader and total fatty Big Ben Roethlisberger slanders his young and impressionable receivers: *""I just need... them... to be... at their best. When they are at their best we are pretty good.""* Is this another attempt to shift blame to his teammates? Find out as Aditi Kinkabhawla interviews a former DB from the 1964 Steelers practice squad with valuable insight into the mind of this madman."
"I thought against the Ravens there were several balls that Roethlisberger missed that made for more drops, but I didn't see it being much of an issue against the Football team. I do also think getting guys in situations where they don't have to be planning how they're going to turn this 2-yarder into 6+ will help a lot with the concentration."
"Ben has struggled with accuracy at times for sure, but let's not pretend there is a major drop problem outside of DJ and Ebron, both of which were known for drops before coming to the Steelers.  DJ leads the NFL in drops and Ebron is 5th.  The two of them combined have over half the Steelers league leading number of drops."
An accurate self assessment. Team approach and not affixing individual blame. Let the coaches handle personnel.
"def not 100% on Ben. when i see Ebron get popped in the fucking chest and still drop the damn ball, it is not completely on Ben."
He's just being humble cause most of those balls have been near perfect passes (outside of a few notable misfires).
"Unpopular opinion probably : I’m sick of Ben always saying it’s his fault. It wasn’t. Not this time or last time. I understand it is smart and may appear humbling from a PR standpoint, but it misses when it’s an outright lie. I’m thankful for a humble leader when it’s the truth. Effective leaders also drive better performance when they hold those accountable when needed. I understand also that Tomlin is doing that. Just stop making Ben a saint. He good and well knows it wasn’t his fault. I’ll take the cold hard truth over Smoke and mirrors any day."
Big Ben is classy
My biggest take away is dropping catchable balls the last two weeks have made us look bad. Both on a national stage. KC is fun to love and we are the evil villain now.
Most of those drops hit then in the chest but I respect him for not blaming them.
This is Ben being the adult in the room.
A good QB always takes the blame.
He needs to be careful or he'll throw his back by next game
This is called media training
Maybe Ben thought they were going to run a different route???????
"So, bear with me here, could AB's implosion have taught Ben a valuable lesson about how to relate with Wide Receivers?

This doesn't sound like how Ben would have responded to AB if he had a few drops on the day. 

I think our guy has learned something and it might be what saves this team."
[deleted]
We are good when we can get first Downs and control the clock. Throwing 50+ a game isn’t how our team wins.
"Yes, the drops by wide receivers are numerous and unacceptable. But I think they also need to be put into context: With the steelers inability / unwillingness to create any kind of ground game, they have resorted to 90% Ben Ball. And with an aging quarterback not looking to take any unnecessary hits, he's been getting the ball out in record time. Rocketing the ball into quick short routes, mostly accurate, but it's hard to be 100% accurate when you barely have time to set your feet after taking the snap. Not trying to make excuses, the receivers have to catch these, but when these are 90% of the plays that are run in a game, there are many more chances for drops.

What if Ben held onto the ball for a second longer? Would the Oline hold up? I'm skeptical. If we can't run the football, then it seems like we at least need to create more space at the line by taking more shots in the deep/intermediate range, to help out our short passing game.

I'm kind of thinking out loud here, but to sum up, Oline getting beat + Ben not wanting to take a sack = 0 run game + 90% quick throws behind the sticks + way less room for error.

I hope I'm wrong, and I guess we'll see what happens when they have more than 4 days to game plan, but I'm nervous that if these offensive issues start in the trenches, our playoff run won't be very memorable."
"To a degree, yes. Coming into this season, I felt that they would be the Achilles heel. I do believe they’re better than I expected, and the aging guys still have some gas left in the tank. But with the injuries and COVID issues, they have been underwhelming recently. Most apparently in the run game. Against an average pass rush, they’ll hold up. Ben wanting to get the ball out quickly I think is less to do with them being a serious liability and more of him needing to stay healthy, because our backup quarterback situation is the real liability."
I think so. Seriously what happened to our online. They keep Ben clean but we can’t run for shit. We need munchack back
"I think so.  We can't run the ball which means the passing lanes aren't open.  But also, when conner is playing his best football, he doesn't need the best o- line.  So you could also say it's the running game."
"Yes, Chuks is an incredibly poor run blocker. Not sold on him as a starter long term due to this. Decastro looks like his pro bowl level days are behind him. Pouncey has been below average for a couple years. Feiler is a better RT than G. Big Al the only one having a decent season. Elite level pass blocking with OK run blocking. 

They should seriously considering benching Chuks, moving Feiler to RT, and plugging in Dotson at LG."
"The line itself isn’t the problem, its the offensive scheme for running or lack thereof"
I think our pass blocking is very good but the run blocking has been suspect all year.
"I probably sound like a broken record but 

Second [chart](https://twitter.com/benbbaldwin/status/1334572635427119123?s=21) down and we are basically tied for 2nd worse in pass block win rate.

I have seen plenty of people on this sub and nfl confuse Ben's sack rate for good pass protection instead of realizing that the quick pass play style is being forced on the offense because of the line's deficiencies 

O-line is our weakest unit by a decent margin and they give Ben and our offense no time for plays to develop."
""
If it was jabrill peppers that shit would go across the room
I’m glad they deleted it. Didn’t feel like seeing a dick other than mine today
Dictaphone...
I miss all the good stuff..
[deleted]
Who cares? It’s not college ball and they don’t make the schedule.  I stand by that the Chiefs schedule isn’t terribly more difficult than the Steelers.
[deleted]
""
Take my strong hand!
"This only wouldn’t be funny if Ebron didn’t drop half his targets, everyone relax and enjoy sportsball"
Maybe just a little
Fans of trash teams get so cocky so quickly
Not seeing it. What?
You guys are still thinking about us?  After a win?  Interesting.
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9xopq)"
[deleted]
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9xr0m)"
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9xsvb)"
"

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/k9xuoj)"
I miss Heath Miller lol
"1 person voted for Claypool. 

I just wanna talk...."
"Ebron is not a receiver.

make a new poll without ebron for a clearer picture!"
fuck i thought it said who do we go to the most i read this shit in some other language and voted juju😭
If yinz vote for juju or claypool your a clown.
The only correct answer is ray ray cmon guys
Ebron is a TE not a receiver
"Well.

The thing is. Ray Ray is the return man so id keep him for now, Juju is the most reliable so id want to keep him the most, but cost the most. Claypool is prone to drops but is still young and improving so i want to keep him too. washington is underrated and should be our 3rd recieving option

So id probably go DJ and Ebron"
"I know we have been having issues with catching but wouldn’t the returner who doesn’t start as wide receiver snd had caused multiple turnovers from dropping returns be the first guy on that list to go? 

I get the Ebron hate but he still is 4th in receptions by a tight end this season. You can naturally at least guess two tight ends ahead of him without much thought."
Washington is the only guy in that group whose replacement is already on the roster.
Wait I voted JuJu but I thought it was which receiver do we go to not let go. I'm dumb. Let go really depends and luckily is something we don't have to decide with anybody but JuJu and to a much much lesser extent Ray Ray
I can't see us letting Ray Ray go with all hes done to improve punt returns
"It’s crazy how even this poll is. 

r/nfl would have a field day with our reactions."
"Ebron. I’ll defend him here and say that we knew his issues and he’s on the cheap, so he isn’t bad for the money. Yes, he has the drops. But he also is real easy to drop if he doesn’t pan out."
"Honestly. I think we can keep Diontae for cheap because of his hands. Claypool we have for a while on a Rookie Contract. Washington might take lower, but any team with any sense would pick him up, he has amazing hands. JuJu is the second coming of Ward... I think he would take a favorable contract to stay in Pittsburgh, and I think the Steelers can make that happen. I am more worried about the defense right now. With Ben as QB, he makes every receiver a weapon...When they catch the ball......."
"Diontae was having a great season until these last two weeks. I’m ready to see JuJu leave. No way he’ll be worth his next contract; especially with the routes that he’s being made to run. 

Face it, Ben can’t throw in the intermediate middle of the field anymore, where JuJu is at his best. There is literally no point to paying him 7 million a year to run 4 yard slants and get tackled immediately."
"When is ""the time""?"
""
If Myles “The Helmet” Garret gets it over TJ I will fucking riot.
"The YouTube channel Thinking football released this vid 4 months ago predicting the 2020 DPOTY. After 12 games he’s surely the front runner. 

What do you guys think?"
It's going to Garrett or Donald. Also we DONT want him to get DPOY because if he does he's more expensive to retain.
""
Can't argue with fact 🤷‍♂️
"Honestly I feel like Washington was in the same bind we were last year, they have a hell of a defense and they have a decent offense just missing a play making QB which obviously Alex Smith has been getting it done. Definitely giving Washington their props it wasn’t an easy win for em but they bit down and got the job done, I lowkey get excited to see the “not as good” teams do well, especially if their win over us doesn’t hurt our playoff chances but will most likely boost morale for Washington."
True
Lmao that’s great
"Makes me wanna ask ""which football team?"". What a dumb name lol"
"We could be heroes too, if we got an extra time out at the end of the game."
You guys know we beat WFT by 14 right?
""
Is that birdmans brother?
"Sheeeit, about time our team has a sweet ass pair of thighs like that. It's the missing piece of the puzzle. I can hear Collinsworth next year. ""Here's a guy with thighs that know how to win. The Steelers were already good, but they were missing that key piece of someone who could pull of a crop top and boxer briefs."""
That’s awesome. The guy is a big MTG player and has been a special guest on various youtube channels.
😳
Where's the rest of his shirt?
damn this is the 8th nfl team bro has been on
Yo ain't he that guy that plays magic the gathering on YouTube?
Didn't realize Jackie Moon had a son who played anything other than Semi-Pro.
I have the same pair of underwear
Y’all can’t handle his midriff
Is Leonard belching there?
This picture is fantastic
He lost a bet.
"Well, *hello there.*"
Did these guys just come from a bathhouse?
This pic is priceless 😂😂
"He was good for the Pats once upon a time, right?"
His new team nickname: Mr. Midriff
Why's he in a Jags uniform
Nah im good
Uh er ok cool?
Anyone else getting a Johnny Manziel vibe?
Over under on this guy absolutely bring gay?
""
Should’ve gotten it done last week.
Screw that Miami loss scenario— hope they dick down KC this weekend!
I've been playing with this (http://www.espn.com/nfl/playoffs/machine) for a while trying to figure out what wild scenario ends with the Steelers missing the playoffs and I can't find it. As far as I'm concerned they are in already!
Would love to clinch the division to guarantee at least the #4 seed and closer to #1-#3.
Go ravens?
what would a browns/ravens tie do for everyone’s chances?
Just need to beat Cinci and no one else to lock up the north
"So, I've been wearing my Juju jersey during every game since the start of the season. I thought that if I kept wearing it we would keep winning, but then Monday happened. My TJ Watt jersey has been untouched thus far. Is it time for me to switch over? I want to do whatever gives us the best chance of winning."
"It's TJ time, unless we lose to the bills then back to juju."
"To piggyback off of this, I have a Terrible Towel tshirt that now has a 13-1 record, dating back to last season.  The one loss was Monday.  Do I continue to wear it, or do I set it on fire?"
I don’t wash my football gear unless there’s a loss. Have to clean out the stink of defeat
I’d like to be the first to admit that during the game I let my good luck charm 1 year old son go downstairs with my wife to play she’s a Washington fan…I wasn’t even thinking this loss is 100% on me
"I have a villaneuava jersey I got the day before our first game and it caught its first L should I switch to my juju, ab color rush, custom name jersey, Devin bush, or roll with ally"
I want no part in potentially jinxing our team. You are responsible.
Wear whatever jersey you want.  The Steelers did not win or lose because of your jersey choice.
""
"Ravens fans have to go into this weekend knowing that if they win, they only help us."
"Eh, I’d rather Lamar get exposed again this season. We’ll just clinch the division next week"
Who’s worried about clinching the division?
"Naw, fuck that. I hope the Browns win and knock Ravens out of the playoffs."
Nope. Go Browns.
Ravens need to beat the browns to keep their playoff hopes alive.
We don't need shit from them. We do not seek comfort
"It will be interesting to see how Dez testing positive and then practicing, IN FRONT OF CAMERAS, will affect their team this week."
"Oh hell no I’m rooting for the Browns. I’d much rather see the Ravens not make the playoffs. Steelers I’ll be fine and eventually clinch the North. Doesn’t matter if it is this week or next or whatever. They will be fine. No thank you on letting the Ravens in to the playoffs just so we can clinch a week sooner. For the sake of hating the Ratbirds, and because they could make noise in the playoffs, they can go stay in the safe confinements of their personal homes this January."
"No. Not ever. Not even once. We can win the North another week. The Ravens may win, but not with my backing."
Nah not at all. Let the Browns win and then someone else beat them next week or the week after
If the Steelers beat the Bills I'll root for the Browns. If the Bills win I'll root for the Ravens.
Ravens need to beat them to have a chance at a WC spot.
I'm rooting for the meteor
"Fuck the ravens, hope the browns drop a 100"
I’d rather have Cleveland win and just have to clinch the north by beating them. My hate for Baltimore went to record levels. I used to hate but respect them...now I just fucking hate them. Fuck em
...NAH
I honestly don’t really care about the rest of the division tbh. The ONLY thing I care about is getting that 1 seed and first round bye.
"No matter who wins, Steeler Nation can celebrate.  

It’s a win win.  Better still, have them tie."
"I hate everybody myself included. I love my butter hands boys. 

This week I hate the Bills and I don’t give a shit to the rat birds the brownies and so on. 

I hate 1 team at the time and I hope I have to hate 7 more teams ( if my calculations are right)"
I honestly don’t know who I want to lose more... hopefully they tie or something lol
"I've been saying this for a while that the browns are on the rise and have been for the last few years but I'll rather see them browns be in the playoffs than them ratbirds aka ex-browns and that's because the Steelers has been exposed and I can see us losing at least 2 more games,call me delusional but it's in plane sight that our O-line can not run block to save our season"
"Everyone is forgetting the Baker has played good against Cinci, Tennessee, and Jacksonville: aka some of the worst pass defenses in the league. The second Baltimore starts playing tricks, he’ll fall apart again."
Idec have the browns win and we’ll clinch it elsewhere
"Enemy of my Enemy is my... well I wouldn't say friend, but I just hope you win, but purely because it will benefit me."
"as if we're going to lose out? Fuck that, I want the browns to win this game"
we don't have to rely on anyone else to win the north - just need to handle our business
I know we can get in through wild card but this will guarantee us the divisional slot.
"Damn, clinching the division is cool, but so are “taking Browns to the Super Bowl” jokes"
God bless
If they can't be at us they can't beat a team with a competent defense AND offense
"We might not be undefeated anymore but we can still look down at the Ravens in a [slapfight with the Browns for second](https://i.imgur.com/wGeBhru.jpg), and that’s pretty funny and enjoyable."
"We still have the Bengals, Colts, and Browns on our schedule. We'll clinch on our own."
Do you really want to win the devision?
"Nah.

We have the tiebreaker with CLE, so even if they win out, and we go 2-2 down the stretch, we clinch the AFC North, and likely the #2 seed.

We also currently have the tiebreaker with the Chiefs, but we lose that tiebreaker if a future loss is to CLE or CIN.

We're still very much in the driver's seat.  There's no need for doom and gloom."
Baker Mayfield had the game of his life last week. No way he can repeat that performance. He is a second tier QB and probably won't be in the playoffs this year.
"I can't root for a win.  Best I can do is hope for a tie, or an outbreak of positive tests that cause the game to be delayed and fuck up everyone's schedule..."
Probably more likely than the steelers beating the bills
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"In my humble opinion, Carson’s confidence would skyrocket in Pittsburgh next year"
No way we take on that contract
Bloated contract and we’re trying to cut cap. Hard no
We are in cap hell dude
"Unless he completely vacates something in the area of 50 million dollars on his current contract to come and play for 2.5 million a year. That would never happen. 

Also he is not good."
"If the choice is between him and Mason, sure I’ll take wentz. In reality I think we extend Ben another two years and hopefully his successor is in the next few drafts"
"Cap wise there's no way it's happening, but I wouldn't mind having him once Ben retires"
So people say darnold and haskins and I could see that and wouldn’t mind but wentz is just bad and mentally broken he is less loved then a backup quarterback who took his team and lead them through the playoffs and won the bowl with events on the sideline only to get it back and have them draft a qb in the second round a year or 2 later
"Add him to our growing QB committee of Jameis, Darnold, Haskins, and Trubisky next year"
I would much rather have Winston.
"He is playing awful. Even when he had a clean pocket, which wasn't often this season, he had poor decision making and was inaccurate often. He just isn't playing good football rn. Don't think any team would want him on their team rn as anything other than a backup."
How about getting Stafford? Why go with a high priced head case?
"Yeah, he's too expensive. I also don't see him as a long term option. I don't seen Wentz starting for a legit team 5 years from now. We don't want to end up like New England. However we need to start thinking what a post-Ben team looks like"
"fuck no, i’d take Darnold, Minshew, Fitzmagic over Wentz if we need a floater for a year at some point"
NO!!
The same as I feel about seeing another one of these threads for the hundredth time...
"Am I missing something? Ben's still here next year with his big ole cap hit right? No way in hell we pick him up with that contract, unless I missed news of ben retiring were barely/wont have cap to resign our players."
i often wonder what it might cost the Steelers to give Josh Rosen a one or two year tryout
"Must be a day of the week ending in ""Y"" because this sub wants another QB who might become available.

Doesn't matter if he is good, just that there is potential that he becomes available."
He sucks fucking bad so no.
I’ve been watching ESPN and NFL Network and they just keep talking about how shitty we’ve been playing blah blah blah. But yet no one is talking about how the Seahawks got smoked by the giants. We almost won if it wasn’t for Alex smith fucking with the ball like brady or that pathetic goal line stop we would have won. I hope coach and the team hear this shit and we get our shit together. Sunday night is going to show our real identity if we’re really one of the best in the league
That field goal was not the determining factor at all in the loss.
Because the Seahawks weren't undefeated.
"Since the Bills clobbered them, the Seahawks haven't been that good. Not that surprising they lost. They're 2-3 over the last 5 weeks."
Because why the fuck would anybody waste any breath talking about the result of a boring and irrelevant game between mediocre opponents?
"A lot more eyes on the Steelers, we were undefeated. And admittedly, our schedule has been pretty light and we haven’t looked very good at times. Everybody was expecting us to drop a game, and when it finally came the “I TOLD YOU SO” takes came rushing in. 

Doesn’t matter. We lost to a solid team. It happens. There’s barely a degree of separation between the best team in the league and the worst. Anybody can lose to anybody, and talking heads are going to talk their heads off about it."
Everybody loves Russel Wilson
""
"[Previous tweet shows drop rates league-wide.](https://twitter.com/NextGenStats/status/1336731818222100487?s=20) This isn't to excuse the drops, but it does indicate that an increase in drops could probably be expected with the type of offense they have been focused on running the last 5-6 weeks."
Does any one know if this is because of reduced reaction time because of ball velocity?
"u/KevinBrolbert

This is what I meant."
"I thought you were going to say it’s because of ‘where’
he throws the balls ‘to’ and that he should stop illogically throwing to the WR hands."
"Yea well I’ve seen some of the drops, and most of them hit the receivers in the fucjing hands."
The league probably ought to work on catching there then
Randy Fichter is 🗑
"I don’t give a shit about cold or velocity or distance from LOS....catch the damn ball. It’s routine for some and we keep giving the same dudes chance after chance...I appreciate the big play potential but at this point fuck it, Washington just showed he has that and we know he has hands, put out there more"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
""
"“Coach Tomlin, this is Snoop Dogg, man”

Oh word, thanks I wasn’t sure for a minute."
Matt Canada is our next offensive coordinator. Book it.
This is from years ago but yeah still applies
It’s too late to fire an OC. But just let Roethlisberger call plays.
Matt Canada
He aint lying
Let’s hire Todd Haley lol
This is awesome.
"I get this team likes to keep it in house and promote from within, but please bring in someone from outside the organization. The offense is way too stale for the amount of talent they have"
"Snoop dogg, can you please contact Oklahoma State Athletic Director Mike Holder and tell him to hire a new H.C."
He’s not wrong!
"i vote ricky lafleur for our new OC, snoop will back me up on this."
I’m pretty sure this who Ben wants as OC.  Isn’t that how he got the job in the first place
Fershizzle
Will never forget when snoop went crazy on scobee 😭
"Ok Snoop, I forgive you for wearing a Brady jersey and hanging out with those jagoffs."
This is old as shit
This is so good lol
""
[removed]
""
James Connor is a bum though
"Need this settled after a few interesting posts on the sub. My personal opinion is a combination of we don’t care and the Browns. I want to see the Ratbirds miss the playoffs all together, and I am confident the Steelers will win the North regardless of this game.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ka4ixc)"
The Steelers.
"I want the browns to win so the Ratbirds season can come to an end, hopefully lamar bails on their franchise"
"The answer is 100% we want the ravens to win. All it takes is the Steelers to lose to the bills and colts, and the browns to beat ravens, giants, jets...and all of a sudden our final game is vs the browns with the division on the line. The colts and buffalo are good teams and other than ravens browns schedule is cake.

We 100% want baltimore to help us out here"
Tie
This was the hardest decision of my life. And I just bought a house this year.... I still said Browns... Because FTR.
"I'm rooting for whichever outcome favors the Steelers more, which would be Baltimore winning."
Might as well have fun watching Lamar for one game
"Go Browns:

-The Steelers only need two more total of Steelers wins and Browns losses to clinch the division. It's not realistic to be worried about the Browns catching up to us for the division lead 

-Should the Browns defeat the Ratbirds this week, it would seriously cripple their playoff chances, since they lose tiebreakers to the Dolphins, Raiders, and Patriots at least.

-Even though we swept them, it is in the Steelers' best interest that the Ravens miss the playoffs.

-Therefore, the Browns winning will hurt the Ravens more than the Ravens winning will help the Steelers.



I can only imagine a scenario where the Ravens eliminate the Steelers in the playoffs. I will not be thinking, ""Wow, it sucks that the Ravens made the playoffs, but at least we had the comfort of clinching our division in week 14 instead of 15."""
[deleted]
""
We do not care
At least you finally have something to be proud of. Cherish it.
""
But why is polamalu white
I have the same ornament on my tree now!
"From your childhood?

Man you all are young..."
""
AKA your Defensive Player of the Year.
I wonder how defensive gradings work. Aaron Donald has a higher grade but TJ leads in these three important categories
And victim of uncalled holding (over 9000)
My fucking....hero? Nahhhh...I’m too damned old for hero worship. Best player on the defense though...
Man is balling out every game.
Keep stacking those stats and he's a certified DPOY
DPOY
He's only gotten better every year so idk. Could be like brother and 3x
2020 DPOY
He SHOULD win DPOY but won't because everyone has a stiffy for Aaron Donald even when he's having a down year (for him).
God bless
QB hits is a weird stat lol
He’s just made different.
defensive player of the year?
"I know that it is controversial, but TJ has not single handedly won us a game. Minkah has won us games directly bc of his play. TJ had the chance last game and he cost the team dearly: 4th & goal holding penalty and the lack of focus on the forced fumble. 

Either play not being a mental lapse and we win the game. Yes he is great great, but I need a signature game this season to be the def mvp. He could have locked it up last week, but let it slip through his hands..."
Really hope his knee does not implode like a lot of our guys
Poor guy should have just fell on that ball though
Still won’t win DPOY because reasons.
He also didn't recover an easy fumble and committed an unnecessary holding penalty on 4th down at the goal line
"[https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Thoughts-on-the-Steelers-first-L-enjlg2](https://anchor.fm/e-money-sullivan/episodes/Thoughts-on-the-Steelers-first-L-enjlg2)

Ravens fan here, not talking shit, but breaking down how they lost, what they need to do etc."
"The need to get Connor back....and, as much as I hate to say it? Ben need to get one of his balls back.

I am not saying he should take a beating like he used to in his younger days(that would be about three balls worth of bravery...the guy used to get beat to hell and back). But this one step drop/get rid of the ball thing seems to have been figured out by two teams in a row.

We have a talented group of receivers, we need to trust them. We also need to find some kind of balance between running and passing.

As far as the defense? Injuries are fucking the team. Avery Williamson needs to learn the scheme in a HURRY, hopefully Haden’s bell wasn’t rung too bad. On defense, the issue is personnel right now, not schematic"
[deleted]
""
Forest vs Watford?
I miss that sound they used for Watt in Heinz Field
"Sorry to burst your bubble, but, there's an H in ""what"""
""
Good that opens up intermediate slants the deep pass and the run game and we can stop fucking throwing bubble screens to nowhere
"This makes me feel better than I did yesterday. We've been really good at bouncing back from being exposed historically, so perhaps this will force our offense to shift into overdrive.

I'd love to see them throwing more intermediate stuff like they did in past years, it seems like they've been running the Mason/Duck playbook this year on offense so far.

We're either going to get blown out by Buffalo, or we're going to blow them out. Time to see what we're made of."
"On the play starting at 7:59, if Ben waited just a second longer to throw the ball, then he would have had Diontae Johnson all alone down the middle. Granted, we don't know if Johnson would have caught it, but if he did, then it would have been a TD.

Going forward, I think Ben should use his pump-fake even more, and the WRs should trick defenders into thinking they're going to run short routes, but expand them into intermediate routes. Imagine opposing defenses biting on a quick pump-fake and leaving a bunch of WRs wide open in the intermediate zone. That'd make them back off pretty quick."
Ben just playing the long con and going to start dropping bombs on every play in the playoffs
Gotta appreciate Alex man. Dude always is making quality content
I wonder how much of this is the schedule/ Covid and our guys not getting many reps in practice. Hard to put new wrinkles in the playbook on these short weeks.
You know what fixes all of this. A run game....
"Take 'gunslinger' ability off of Ben and bingo, bango, bongo, no more bat-downs."
"I personally think at 11-0, they were putting this on film for a reason. I think they are baiting teams to play them a certain way to open up something else down the road. I also think there is a reason for bringing in Watt and not putting him on film at all as fullback. You sacrifice a loss or two but the playoff spot has been secure along with a division title (for the most part) for the past few weeks. I also think Tomlin has found ways to create and artificial bye week over the past few weeks and generally this has looked like a team that hasn’t practiced. I expect them to lose to the Bills but turn it on for a deep playoff run after that game."
"This might be a little far off in space, but I truly think that we played a limited playbook for a few games this season. When it comes to those big games, that’s when all the stops get pulled out. If you can win with virtually the same plays, why change it? That way, when scheming is completely different for an opponent, they are caught out of step."
Not gonna lie I don't trust the guy on YouTube who just broke 5k subs to tell me what NFL coaches are doing
"Unless the answer presented is, ""Very little, besides hoping the receivers drop the ball,"" then there is no value to the content."
""
I think people are worried because we are regressing something fierce. Our offense looks like ass and our defense isn’t consistent. I’m not looking forward to our next few games
"Right no shit. I don't live around many other Steelers fans, mostly Packers fans (which sucks) and I just keep saying I'm just glad we're 11-1. Win some lose some. Then they comment how easy our schedule is and how we got lucky. No team goes 11-0 without some luck. And we didn't pick our schedule."
I'd rather lose now and have a few weeks to figure it out than lose in the playoffs
"Think back to the end of last season, where we watched the Browns lose and ruin our playoff dreams. Think about how bad you felt. Now imagine if someone came up to you and said “don’t worry, the Steelers will win their first 11 games next year.” You would have called them a nut. I’m proud of my boys, they really bounced back."
"I have said it before and I will say it again, we are the most spoiled fan base of all time."
"It’s not so much that loss that worries me. It’s the bad play, drops, penalties and injuries all keep piling up. Other folks are saying our boys are tired. All the other teams should be in the same boat right? We are not trending in a good direction."
10 days rest vs 4 days rest can make a 4-7 team look like they are as good as an 11-0 team....wait
Preach
Yeah i think everyone is overreacting a bit to the loss we're 11-1 lol you'd think we just lost the Superbowl
"Fire Tomlin. Trade Ben. Punch Fichtner. Anything less than 12-0, having won all twelve by three scores, is an embarrassment."
We lost Bud for that sham of a game that shouldn't have been played (at least at that time).  I'm more angry at that then WFT. A perfect regular season really seems like a curse on disguise.
Swept Baltimore.
"Expectations came with the performance. We looked legit for a few games early on, but now we look awful. If this team played to it's potential, they'd win every game by 20+"
"People need to chill out. The offense is ass because Pouncey isn't in so the OL can't even muster up a yard. Conner's out too. If you wanted a run game, these last two weeks were NOT going to be it.

The defense looked awful because it was missing its top 2 corners and the ILB position was decimated.

It'll get back together. We're a great team that got bit by the injury bug after playing 12 fucking games with no real bye. And we're still 11-1."
Agree in principle. At the start of the season I pegged our record as 13-3 assuming Ben would come back strong. But it is more the trend of late game collapses and the injuries that are piling up.  The Washington game seems like a microcosm of our season. Up early and rolling only to lose it in the end. That is what this season feels like. Realistically I can see us losing 2 more games and going into the playoffs flat.  Then dropping out in the first round. I hope I’m wrong that is just the feeling I am getting.
"Hopefully we can bounce back in Buffalo, at the very least this game was a wake-up call we really needed"
only have one expectation.  #7
"I'm not happy about the latest spate of injuries. I'm not so much worried about the ""dropsies"" the receivers have of late, since I blame much of that on the lack of routine."
"The loss won’t look as bad in 4 weeks with the redskins rip off 4 in a row, win the division, and are the team no one wants to see in the first round.  They have a great D and Alex Smith just wins."
"I am worried.  Play calling is bad, Ben is inaccurate and the receivers drip four or five easy passes a game."
A loss to a team with 10 days off after having 5 days off vs. the Rats with Wings. Bump in the road. They weren’t going 16-0.
"11-1 is always a good mark... the big concerns now are the running game, defensive injuries, and receivers dropping passes that should be caught.  All are legitimate concerns."
"I'm more worried about injuries, not the loss."
Agreed brother. Don't even remember a season this good and I've been watching every game for the last 20+ years. I'm in my late 20's now and don't know how many more years we can realistically expect a sb opportunity. I'll enjoy this season before we plunge to rebuild mediocrity in a few years
"It still amazes me how fans around here react after losing our first game in 12 weeks. The amount of people yelling and screaming about burning everything to the ground and firing coordinators is downright embarrasing.

It's just funny how you see jagoffs posting screenshots from the Ravens or Browns subreddits poking fun, and then those same jagoffs are whining and crying about Randy as if he's the one dropping passes or blocking like a broken screen door."
"There's also an argument to be made than an undefeated team doesn't have a ""crappy loss"". We got outplayed, in every aspect of the game. Straight up exposed. Unless we in a 6 day time frame adjust and learn to play football differently, the way to beat us is out there on film for anyone who cares to watch."
I mean ur right. 1 loss and everyone’s acting like the 2007 Patriots
It's not one loss though. They are trending downwards.
Everyone bitching can travel back in time and enjoy the season we had last year. Honestly last year was completely unwatchable. This year has been a treat so far. Who cares if we don’t win flashy. A win is a win. However I do wish our young’s guys would stop with the tik tok shit. It’s just dumb. Random lip syncing and dancing in the locker room. Just stupid to me
Why yes I can remember when the team looked like it could successfully execute a game plan. I hope I get to see that again.
Glad someone said it. I understand we haven’t been playing up to our potential and there are some glaring in inconsistencies. But any other team would kill to be in our position record wise. We’re going to make the playoffs and I feel we have the skill and coaching to get better in our deficiencies. I’ll be proud of this team no matter what happens
It's in the way we lost. hopefully it's the wake up call we need.
"It absolutely is. I truly thought we were gonna go 16-0 so I am bummed, but we're still a big Superbowl contender."
It’s not the one loss it looks like they’re getting worse every week.
This is a good spin on things
"I'm not sure the expectations are out of hand.  This is arguably the most loaded, talented roster in the NFL - the regular season is a formality and the season will be measured by the postseason.

For me, it's simple: the same, exact warts that showed in 2017 and 18 are still here, plain as day.  Lack of focus and starting slow, ineffective run game and Ben throwing a bazillion times.  This team has more talent than both the others, so I was hoping they'd be different.

In 2017 we saw an inflated record due to playing a bunch of backup QB's.  We know how that ended.  In 2018 we choked repeatedly down the stretch.  

We can overcome these warts most times because in a QB driven league, our HoF'er is almost always better than our opponents.  But then come the playoffs..."
"Washington played harder than we did, simple facts. My concern is this is the second half-assed outing we've had in a row."
"We are going to make the playoffs, we just need to win when it counts! Only thing that got me through a home loss to the football team"
God bless
Have the fire Tomlin thread started up yet?
"Nah
Seasons over
All I think of is ""Maybe next year""
/s"
"It's not really about whether or not people are optimistic, but rather what forms realistic expectations. People look pretty silly when they say ""We beat a team with a bad record by a small margin so we suck,"" I'll agree with you there. But it's reasonable to be worried about a defense that will be down a starting corner and two starting linebackers, including being down to 3rd string at one of those linebacker positions (which will probably end up having to be filled by a safety). It's reasonable to worry about an offense that has been making fixable mistakes lately that can't entirely be excused by a lack of preparation, and whether or not those issues will be fixed.

I agree that we see a lot of ""We won by a small margin and that's bad news,"" or in past years earlier in the season it was ""We lost to this team so that's bad news."" It obviously goes without saying that cherrypicking a specific performance in a specific game, is not perfectly indicative of the future. We saw a lot of ""They only beat Garrett Gilbert by 5 points"" complaints even after the 26 point win over the Bengals and 24 point win over the Jaguars, and those were obviously irrational. But sometimes, there is real reason to be concerned moving forward."
"The record is great, but you would think we would feel more comfortable about 11-1, but unfortunately there another 11-1 team this year and they look a lot better than we do. Also the injuries are piling up at key positions...

One loss can turn to 4, really quick. Also it doesn’t help how the scheduling jerked us around, possibly affecting performance..

Here’s hoping for a better performance on Sunday night!"
Its kind of upsetting that this even needs to be qualified.
I don't give a shit about the loss. I'm concerned with how terrible they look right now. Other teams look like they're starting to figure things out and the Steelers look like they're getting tired and confused.
You are right it’s a fabulous season. However it can go downhill at warp speed with Tomlin coaching
yah yall stop being so mad you lost 1 GAME my patriots are 6-6 chill out
""
90th upvote!
Haha this is awesome
It’s at 39 right now. Minkah!!
Well someone f*cked up
I never upvote a 43
I'll admit...I've downvoted a good Crosby post that was on 88.  Just sayin....
Just upvoted this TO 69. Heh. Heh. Heh.
"When I was a kid I always broke my “the volume must be divisible by 5” rule when I would set the volume at 43 on my tv lol.

Just as a stupid side note: That old TV was amazing because it went on a scale of 0-100 and 50 was pretty much the optimal setting and so I could adjust it so perfectly depending on how loud I wanted it. My current TV goes 0-100 but 5 is the optimal setting and anything over 10 is deafening, it’s stupid."
Did you miss the part where we lost on Monday?
It's ok guys I'll just down vote just to get the numbers back down to player numbers
[removed]
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ka7gv2)"
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ka7it6)"
[deleted]
But he did stop us on 4th&1 cause that's his job and he is also freakishly good at it.
Tremendous
Chase Young is soooo good. Fucking hell if he continues to play like he did against us then he‘ll win DPOY in the next few seasons.
I feel less disappointed now for the loss great guy a true gentleman
This was so wholesome. I love it
This is my Christmas.
"As a Buckeye fan, I love this and the sound bite from Mike Tomlin to Chase Young Pregame."
"Didn’t Mike Tomlin say something along the lines of “I hope I never lose enough games to draft someone like you” 

Lol"
He woulda chased young Ben
More like if he hit him it would have been roughing
""
"Great owners.  

Not any other team where a five year old can learn the names of all the head coaches of the last 50 years in 5 minutes."
""
No black and gold?!
I bought these today!
Like these more than the AB Nikes that came out.
Do they help you drop the ball?
""
"Although some of you don‘t like 92.
Got AB as well but damn did homeboy screw up!
I will not put him on my wall, that‘s for sure."
"I see 66

I miss Alan, not Mario"
[deleted]
""
"Is that the head of Fauci? If so, agreed."
[deleted]
Goddamnit. Now I’m going to be thinking about this for the rest of the season.
If the boys need they wifi turned off after dark then DO IT
This must be it.  Put an asterisk next to our L.
aye it is what it is. we gotta do what we gotta do to win😏
"Im about to dm Juju, Ebron and Chase and tell them to stop beating off"
What if man...what if. :D
I don't make it a habit to think about what other people do with their dicks.
this is one of those moments when true fans can step up to provide a lending hand to their team in need
This is either a good joke or some MGTOW bullshit
Wasn't there a seinfeld episode about this?
"That's It ""I'm out""
Too much Steelers information today"
"I almost just spit out my coffee 🤣 here, have an updoot."
"FBI, open up"
"Eric Epron, amirite?"
This is the only logical explanation
I wonder if Juju's participation in NNN is what led him to [go after Conner's booty with a fork.](https://twitter.com/notferbbby/status/1336787362861420545?s=20)
Can confirm their were multiple receiver's participating. I'll try to see if I can find the post when I'm off work and post it here.
Sorry I had to downvote. I saw there were 70 upvotes.
"When you are undefeated, you don't start getting cute with no nut or a lot of nut.  Do your job and let the natural balance of nutting be what it is."
NNN is for virgins
Those effects go away after a week apparently. Nice theory tho lmao
I’m actually thinking Ebron and DJ can’t handle cold weather.
Dude wtf is wrong with you. Placing weight on the “increase in energy levels from no nut November?” Maybe they just had a bad day Sunday and got their first loss of the season. Grow up.
""
Way to go Vance. Hope you get to start vs the bills
This picture has him looking like a dancing instructor from a summer resort
And Myles Garrett is the Browns' nominee...
Chris Conte disagrees.
Do they mean Ray Ray?
Is he usually a scum bag? Don't get all the hate
Also best jawline nominee
I thought you had to commit aggravated assault with a deadly weapon on national TV to get this nomination.... what am I missing?
I kinda wish it was juju
"Love Vance. Can we also take a minute to appreciate the man this award is named after? A legend, on and off the field he was."
The Browns nominated Myles Garrett.  Are you kidding me?  Gaslighting at its finest.
Gotta love him
Hey should be rewarded with 10-15 balls against the Bills.
"Guys, honest question: how do you get forearms like that? Please help, am insecure."
Nice try Vance McDonald
Now put him on the fucking field. I can’t take another dropped pass by Ebron.
Man of the shadow realm
This is a HUGE award and I hope Mac wins it!
It's nice that he did *something* this year.
""
Nice try Vance McDonald...
Didn’t Vance say he prefers being the blocking TE?
Ya'll this is super recency-bias. Vance also drops passes. They're both known for dropping passes.
Ehhh
"I'm pretty sure that Vance and Ebron share a pair of hands.  That's why we decided to bring Ebron in, hoping that they would fuse together on game days.  Perhaps Kolbert couldn't convince the Supreme Kai to lend his Potara Earrings.   If anyone recalls how the Fusion Dance goes, please send it to Tomlin for this weekend."
He would if he should. Why do you think he should?
Hope we go after a TE in the draft.
So easy even a caveman can do it.
"I don’t mind Ebron on the deeper targets, he seems more reliable on those. Getting Vance those small dump offs instead of Ebron could be the play though, Ebron seems to drop all the short passes. 
Want to see Vance pick up speed and get those stiff arms going"
"He should get more playing time, that I agree with, even if they're not feeding him targets. Ebron is basically an in-line wide receiver given how poor his blocking is - hell play a little bit more 12 personnel and get them both out there and throw some different looks at the other team."
Vance is good after the catch but he has a pretty high drop rate. Not really what we need more of
He had drop issues before drops were an issue
his hair game is underrated
Eh
"Vance should clearly get more playing time.  Both EE and Vance drop their share of passes, but Vance can actually block.  We need better run/pass balance if we want to go deep in the playoffs."
Amen to that
Get separation 1st
"We need Vance to suit up on the other side of the ball this weekend. Linebackers are all dead and Vance isn’t afraid of contact. Give him the green dot, fuck it"
[nah](https://media0.giphy.com/media/5V2P81RlyyuXe/giphy.gif?cid=ecf05e47lu3ygssqo5urqwfn7j81dtml35lk85d53plbvt8p&rid=giphy.gif)
Ben <3's Eric
"I just think he needs to be more involved just so he can block in the run game or in screens, main priority is getting the run game going then we can start fucking around w who’s gonna get benched for dropping balls"
"If Ebron continues to have hands of stone, then Vance needs to get more targets"
More vance less ebron. Ebron pisses me off on multiple levels. Dude has such a big mouth on sm and probably on the field. He's a newby who plays like complete shit. Stop fucking smiling after u drop ur 5th pass of the night. Only thing funny is you getting cut after the season. Your not hines
"How quickly y’all forget... 

Vance is a JAG. He’s not particularly reliable. Definitely not explosive. And barely an adequate blocker. One great stiff arm and people think he’s great after the catch?"
[deleted]
Juju isn't the one dropping the balls...
"i’m pretty sure he has the least amount of drops out of everyone lol, i’m sure he’s just trolling with this"
"You guys are honestly fucking slow if you think he’s becoming a diva like AB. Dude is a 24 year old that likes to play/stream video games and hop on Tik Tok, there’s absolutely nothing wrong with it especially since it earns him more money than his NFL contract does. 

He’s not out trash talking the team, he’s not out beating up women and nutting on their back, he’s not out throwing tables off from balconies. 

Holy fuck some of you guys just HATE to see anybody having some resemblance of fun."
Players can have lives outside of football
he only has 3 drops this season i’m pretty sure
Goddam. You do know its Thursday. What do you want him to do sit and sulk about the loss and his drop all week?
This sub will have a meltdown when they realize Mark Madden has been right all along...
"I said this a while ago and got shit for it, but I am pretty sure juju will be another bell or brown."
"I bleed black and yellow but I'd be lying if I said I'm not a pretty huge Ravens fan too. It was really fun to watch their 2012 playoff run and I think Lamar is hella fun to watch too and I think Harbaugh makes for an interesting coach. I'm honestly surprised as to why more people don't just enjoy good football, regardless if who it's played by, rather than getting caught up in hating teams ""becuz they're our rivals!!!!!"" Guess I'm just more open-minded than most sports fans."
"Dude, you're not a real fan of any team, just a bandwagoner.  You're barely a football fan, so that's why you will never understand.

"" [ididilaudid](https://www.reddit.com/user/ididilaudid/)\-61 points·[7 days ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/k5lj2n/in_spite_of_harbaughs_best_efforts_110/gefpzl9/?utm_source=reddit&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

Not gonna lie, I was a Patriots fan for a while but I decided to be a Steelers fan this year to switch it up and I couldn't be happier. Our defense is fucking filthy. Black and yellow baby!"""
I have never understood having any sort of a vested interested in another team. It’s Steelers and fuck everyone else
">I bleed black and gold

No you don't."
"I don't think there's a problem with rooting for an additional team - do what you like, especially if it doesn't hurt anybody and it allows you to enjoy your life and the sport more.

The one thing I will say about rooting for the Ravens, however, is I don't know how I would reconcile rooting for a team whose success comes at the expense of the Steelers. So like this week it's easy - I am going to root for the Ravens against the Browns because someone is going to win that game and the Browns are the bigger threat to the Steelers than the Ravens. Most of the time though, the Ravens are battling with the Steelers for positioning and aren't in a position to help them in anyway and if anything they're hurting them, so I don't know how I would be able to build up an affinity for them the same way I have a team like the Packers or Panthers."
you posted cringe bro
"Because you're not a steelers fan? Lemme guess, you're also a Red Sox and Yankees fan?"
Ew
bro stop cheating on your girl and stop cheating on the steelers
"There’s nothing wrong with liking whoever you want, nobody gives a shit. But don’t come here and say you bleed black and gold while also saying you pull for our biggest rival. That’s not what bleeding black and gold means.

Also, you’re not more “open minded.” Gtfoh. It’s a fucking sports league, open mindedness doesn’t coming into the equation. You were a Pats fan up until this year? So, up until Brady left and then you decide to change fandom? And you pick a team that just so happened to be undefeated most of the season? Yea... you’re a troll."
"That's like being a pretty big Ohio State fan but being a pretty huge Michigan fan too or big into the eagles but also pretty big on the cowboys. 

You can be a fan of football and not choose a team and that seems to be what you want."
Because it can’t be done and still be in good taste.
Yo who’s Mans is this
Delete this nephew
"Dude, why can't I stan for both the Autobots *and* the Decepticons?"
"because they're rivals? You don't ""bleed black and gold"" if you're actively cheering for a division rival lol. There's a difference between appreciating their game and cheering them on."
">""Guess I'm just more open-minded than most sports fans"" 

There's a difference between being open minded and switching who your favorite team is every year depending on who does best lol"
"You can think that they're fun to watch without rooting for them, just saying"
"Well I mean I tend to root for the giants and plenty of people know that their my nfc team, and so I suppose it’s not all bad to root for another, but really? The ravens?"
Support whoever you want but if you are a true Steelers fan you hate Baltimore. They are literally our biggest and most hated rival. I get like players on the Ravens but not supporting two teams in the same division.
This guy is a clown lol. Go be a chiefs fan u bandwagon. Your not open minded ur just not a real fan. I would puke if I was rooting for the shitty ravens. Can a mod get this guy up outta here?
"Oof, I've read some of this kid's posts. He's terrible, please commit fully to being a Ravens or any other team fan and get the fuck out of here. And break up with your gf, you sociopath."
"The sub wouldn't be the same without fresh yinzer opinions. Voice your unpopular thoughts, hot takes and bold predictions here about anything football related.

Hate an admired player/coach? Love a hated player/coach? Do you actually \*like\* Roger Goodell? Think Jesse didn't catch it? (He did.) Any opinion about the Steelers, the rest of the league, or the game in general are accepted! Throw 'em all here!

Responding to someone's comment to create civil discussion and changing opinions are encouraged. DON'T be a damn jagoff and turn it into a toxic argument.

# - Do NOT downvote others because you don't like their opinion.

# - Downvote/Report content that BREAK THE RULES.

# - This thread is intended to NOT shame others who have different ideas and thoughts that go against the grain of the metas in the sub.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

And as always, **DON'T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.**"
"This Buffalo game is a window into the Steelers' future. When you look at the types of teams that are likely to make the playoffs in the AFC, this is the type of team that you're going to have to beat; can you hang with a very good offense and an adequate defense? The league has shifted towards offensive football over the course of the last decade, so what the Steelers are trying to do this year is buck that trend (elite defense, and an average/inconsistent offense). The offense has been stale going back to the Cowboys game, and it finally came back to bite them - can it show up in a game where they're likely going to need to score 26+ points against a mediocre defense?"
"Run game tops 100 yards, Ebron has zero drops, DJ 1 drop. Steelers defense has a good bounce back because the run game gets going giving them a breather. We remind the NFL who the #1 seed is.

Steelers 31 - Bills 17"
Bold predictions: Diontae bounces back from his drops and catches 2 TDs and the run game gets back on track with 120 yards on the ground
"I think this could be our best game offensively, yet. With the exception of last year for obvious reasons, we tend to have one game a year where we go off, especially Ben. Last one I remember is 2018 against Carolina. We were 5-2-1, Carolina was 6-2. People were really doubting us. We didn't look great, we didn't have a signature win. The game started out rough with CMC running well, but we ended up just beating the brakes off them. Ended up winning 52-21, but it was 52-14 until about 5:30 left in the 4th. Ben threw for 5 that game.

This just feels like the kinda game where we go off. After all that shit with the schedule moving around, and having our first loss against a team that had 10 days to prep vs our 4, I can just see this team making a statement. Buffalo is a very good team. Would have been 10-2 if Hopkins didn't somehow come down with a TD in triple coverage on a hail mary. But this same team got their doors blown off by the Titans, so they're not perfect. If our defense can play a solid game, and we can just get some vintage Ben, this could be a 40-17 type of shellacking. 

Or it's a close game and we either win or lose, but I'm gonna pick the first option."
"With Conner back, there's a better run game. Receivers don't drop 8 passes. Defense gets a couple turnovers. I don't have a heart attack the entire game."
"James Conner beat cancer then covid then the Bills to the tune of two touchdowns, one on the ground and one through the air"
Steelers lose 31-17.  Steelers next win will be against the Bengals. Steelers go 12-4.  Offense is completely exposed to the league now - the formula is there.
"Here is an unpopular opinion. If the Steelers don’t beat Buffalo, I’m going to think they are a one and done playoff team.

Because they kind of look like one to me when they can’t run the football consistently and don’t throw the ball downfield with any consistent success. You might be able to overcome one of those, not both.

Especially since we can no longer rely on the defense to carry us the way we could earlier in the year. Injuries are piling up and this D has always been overly dependent on turnovers. If the other team protects the ball our defense looks a little ordinary at times. 

A more systematic defense is a little scarier to me in the playoffs.

Now from what I’ve heard there is some thought among a lot of the players that we are holding back a little bit, because were in a very good position to make the playoffs, still in a pretty good position to skip the first round, and there are things we don’t want to show. I don’t know if that’s true. Let’s see what we do with Buffalo. Look, if they crush buffalo then I’m probably barking up the wrong tree.

One more thing to note, it isn’t necessarily a dealbreaker that I don’t think our defense is elite. There are no elite defenses in the NFL this year. We still might have the best unit. I’ve seen quite a few elite defense of units in Pittsburgh over the years. This just isn’t one of them. The list of impressive quarterbacks we have beaten this year is incredibly short."
"I don't see us making a deep playoff push, bye week or not. Our offense has collapsed on itself with a non-existent run game, poor run blocking, inexcusable dropped passes, and ineffective playcalling. Even on defense, while we are more consistent, we still blow coverages that lead to huge gains for opponents every now and then. And given how poorly the offense plays, our defense has to go back on the field and stay there longer, which tires them out and consequently makes them play poorly.

It's too frustrating to watch this. Unless we fix our offensive issues, we are going to get bounced out of the playoffs by complete teams like the Chiefs, Bills, and even the Browns."
"We lose this one 34-24. BUT. We see the Bills in the playoffs once our defense is healthy, and absolutely smack them around."
Bold Prediction: Fichtner has been sandbagging this whole time and this week we're going to see an offense we barely recognize.  Someone on the Steelers other than a QB is going to throw a TD.
"Nothing against Buffalo, I just want to keep the streak going. 

*clears throat*

TRAP GAME! TRAP GAME! TRAP GAME!"
Ravens will be our biggest challenge in the playoffs.
"With the Steelers I just think the biggest concern is how well their offence is going to perform when they face tough defenses in the playoffs. The Ravens gave them a very difficult time in Pittsburgh and Washington gave them all sorts of trouble as well. The way those games were scheduled definitely played a huge factor so  I can't discount that. They've got a lot of pretty young receivers out there. Just wondering how guys like Johnson, Ebron, Claypool are going to do in those high pressure moments. Those drops seem kind of concerning, especially since as a team they've led the league in drops for the whole season I believe.

&#x200B;

I know the defense will come ready to play. I just hope the offence can be as well"
"I hope we beat the shit out of Buffalo. I'm so sick of people on the outside who don't watch every single snap this team takes voicing their ""expert"" opinion on how we're overrated and we can't beat KC. 


We will win out.


We will beat KC.


We will go back to the Super Bowl.


Fucking church."
"Unpopular opinion: Ben can be a key piece on a team that gets to the SB, but he's not good enough to put an offense on his back and lead them there."
Steelers lose 27-17. Running game not any better and offensively we stumble again.  13 and 3 will definitely be a possibility.  I don't like it any better than yinz but without a decent running game we will probably be one and done in the playoffs.  Ugh
"It's hard to watch the last two games and think it is likely we win more than 1 game the rest of the season. 

I hope I'm wrong, hopefully these were just two bad games for us, and we can bounce back.  But these past two week have been awful and if we keep playing like this, only the Bengals will let us win."
"With Williams, Haden, and Spillane out this week, this defense consists of mostly backups. It's going to come down to how the offense plays, and from what we've seen recently I don't have a lot of faith that they will keep up with the Bills. I think we drop this one and get stronger down the stretch when guys start coming back and the offense has more time to work out its deficiencies."
"This doesn't concern the Steelers directly (or it may not at all) but I think the Bucs could be a dangerous team after their bye week. They haven't looked very good at all in recent games but this bye week could give them time to just slow down and readjust their offence. If they change it to finally go with what Brady has always been good with, they can become a much more dangerous team. I'd be shocked if they come out of the bye and keep trying to play the same type of offence they were before it . If Brady was smart he would atleast had a talk with Arians when it comes to adjusting the type of offence. 

&#x200B;

I think they'll be a very interesting team to watch for the ROS and playoffs"
"Unpopular opinion: the sky isn't falling.  We're fine, and finish the regular season 14-2 with the top seed in the AFC."
We have all the on-field machinery to SBXXVII-Cowboys their asses. But we're in dire need of finding some new mechanics.
"As long as Ben is the starting QB, Fitchner will be the OC. That is Ben's guy and he will remain asong as Ben is his QB."
"Vance McDonald should see more of the field, we run better when he's out there for blocking plays. Ebron is awful at blocking. You give less reps to Ebron until he executes.. 

Hope coaches start adjusting personnel for certain teams.."
"If we had to lose any game this season, I’m glad it was Washington. If we beat the bills, colts, and browns in our final stretch I won’t have any worries. Plus we kept the 1 seed."
"Bold Prediction:  The drops will only get worse in the cold Buffalo night weather.  The offense will continue to struggle in the long field; BUT, a combination of Buffalo mistakes and defensive turnover plays will give the offense the short field 2-3 times and score on every possession.  It will be a surprise blow-out win, which will further confuse everyone."
"Prediction (not happy about it)

We go 1-3 to finish the season, limp into the playoffs and are one and done. In the offseason Tomlin gets a huge contract extension, Ben retires in 2 years, we have some up and down seasons for several more years, but fail to make it to the Super Bowl (as the Chiefs become the new Patriots). Tomlin eventually leaves to coach another team and wins a Super Bowl there in less than 2 years."
The offensive line is horrible and will derail the entire season. Need to fire the OL coach.
"How’s this for a hot take? *If* he is offered and accepts the job, which is a big if, and gets Trevor Lawrence, Bill Cowher will win a Super Bowl with the Jets before the Steelers win their next ring."
Steelers should find a way to sign Carson Wentz as Ben’s successor.
"Pretty hot take for me, we're going to lose this one. We're thin at LB, Allen is a good running and throwing QB. Their offense has weapons, a d their Defense is good too. This is gonna be a tough one. 27-23 bills."
"(OTHER) in the comments

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kah7fj)"
"None of those tbh, I think we need an OL first round."
I would have voted OL.
"1st round OL/CB 
2nd round OLB
3rd round RB"
The fact that OL isn't anywhere surprises me. I think they should leave the first two rounds with an OT and a G/C (who can take over for Pouncey in the near term).
"O-LINE, DUDE"
Where’s the OL option?
Where's the none of the above choice? O line hands down.
surely we have to be thinking a new Center here
Would be great if we could pick up Creed Humphrey (Center for OU).
"None of the above, O-line"
OL without a doubt
"With this team, the next draft will be depth (which is a great place to be). 

Our OL needs to get younger. 

We need a DT since Alualu has played himself into a large contract (back to back DTs). 

I’d also like to see us take a TE. A fusion of Vance’s stiff arm / blocking and Ebron’s athletic ability (minus drops) lol

A day 2 RB would be nice if BPA. 

I don’t want to see this team draft a CB but we’ll need to bring someone in if we lose Hilton and Sutton. 

I like Highsmith at OLB but if BPA, that’d be a luxury. 

We have depth at ILB if every stays healthy (Bush, Bince, Spillane)"
"1st: OL 

2nd: OL again

3rd: RB"
O line is the obvious choice. Fix that and magically see the running game improve.
OL and we need to get a QB in the second or third
Offensive Line yes or yes
"Honestly, too soon to tell. OL is def a need but I dont think we need to use a first on it assuming Banner can heal up properly and be ready to go next year. But I'd say 2nd or 3rd round. Depending on who we retain and let go, we will need to take a slot type corner assuming either sutton or hilton are gone. We could use definitely use a stud TE."
BPA
">Almost at the end of the 2020 season, which position should the Steelers selection 1st Overall the Draft?

OL - T or Center 

why isn't it an option"
Oline then rb.
I’d love to draft Wyatt Davis from Ohio State. Would be a great addition to the O-line
Lol OL should be the number 1 choice.
"IMO OL is the biggest need. With CB, DL, and TE potential grabs also. OLB could be it if Highsmith isn't the future starter at ROLB. (I hope not because not every position on the defense needs to be a first rounder!)

&#x200B;

Now I think Chuks can play LT just fine. Banner resigned for rather cheaply can play RT. Dotson IMO can replace Feiler outright or move Feiler back to Tackle where I think he does better than Guard. Pouncey and Decastro remain where they are but they are getting old.

&#x200B;

Hence why I think OL is a bigger need especially getting guys like Dotson. We need players like him who like to Run block. When we get in the transition between Ben and ""Heir QB whoever"" will need a O-line capable of keeping the team balanced on Offense."
Quarterback!
O line / tight end
I’m just hoping they draft Juice Herbert out of VT. Only got to watch him play for one season and he is an instant favorite for me. Would love to see him keep playing.
OL
"Hate to say it, but Ben is getting old. Sooner or later we're gonna need a qb."
"Good question. LB ""hopefully"" is a this year issue. RB needs help. I feel like we need help at OL but I'm not certain."
"So if we are #1 seed, #2 seed  or 3rd seed we will most likely play 6th or 7th seed first time we play. Who would you like that to be the most?"
I'd have to say I'd like to play Miami or the colts.
[deleted]
We want to be the best then we need to beat the best. Fuck it bring anybody let’s go
Seems like Ben likes playing the Colts.
Miami. They're not good enough at QB to beat our D. Plus a warm weather team coming into the Burgh in January would be advantageous.
"Anybody but Baltimore if we are the 2 seed, and they are the 7 seed. It's so hard to beat the same team 3 times in one year. And a Baltimore game will most likely take 3 years off my life."
"I want to say the Browns, cause we've had their number, but also since we still have to play them (in what could possibly be a AFC North champ game), I don't want to jinx it. So instead I'm going to Miami."
"Still a lot of possibilities with 4 weeks left. Most likely 6/7 seeds as of now are: Mia, NE, Balt, LV and either Tenn/Indy. Of those Mia or LV would be my first choices. After this week there should be a little more clarity with big games between Cle/Balt, Indy/LV, and Pit/Buff.."
The one team I don't want to play at all is...the Ravens. Divisional games are very tight typically.
"Baltimore or Cleveland. I’m not the type to hope we can avoid certain teams, so why not hope we can end any aspirations either of those teams might have?"
"Gimme the Brahns or the Purple Brahns. 

I like it when we beat da Brahns."
""
If only his daughter lived in the Burgh. We could a kept him. Now he's destined for mediocrity in Denver playing second fiddle to Mahomes for the rest of his career. Miss you Munchak
"If he were still here, I bet we could've gotten a yard."
People will blame Fichtner and no one is throwing blame at the OL coach. By far the weakest part of the team. Killing us.
"Me too kid, Me too.

Everyone was saying it wouldn’t hurt, but our O line has progressively gotten worse at the run since his departure."
"Me too, but I really don’t think he can help Pouncey and Decastro get younger."
We need him back. Badly
He really was a fantastic OL line coach. The new coach should just have copy and pasted what he did
Me too man. Me too.
Never talked about...but huge loss. Huge.
"As much as the symmetry of a downwards facing Steelers logo appeals to me, I think my dislike for the Ravens is greater. Plus, on the ravens sub, their downvote logo is Heinz Ketchup

Edit: Ok, I hear you guys. Just wanted to see the pulse of the sub. Everything yinz say is fair."
"We don’t need them living rent free in our heads, we already live rent free in theirs."
How about Tomlin upvote and Fitchner downvote
"Nah,  we already live rent free in their heads.  No point in giving them the same."
No. why do you want Ravens swag over here? If anything make it scobee's face.
"I am good, thanks."
"No, I don't want to be like the Ravens subreddit"
No. Their downvote button is embarrassing. They care about us way more than we care about them and it shows.
"Imagine opening every thread and having to see those hideous colors and logo, even if it's mocking them. No thanks."
No thanks. They are not that important.
Make it offensive coaches face
"No, as much as I enjoy them getting hyped about the rivalry, and I think their Heinz downvote is funny, it would be a little lame and embarrassing if we made our downvote their logo."
"I agree that we should do something about our upvote and downvote logos.. wtf is the Ravens upvote logo anyways? I honestly can’t tell what it is. 

Whatever the case, I think we should always have the Steeler logo as our upvote logo and the downvote should be whatever team we are facing that week. Make it happen mods."
"Nah, leave that kind of shit for the Bengals sub.  If you're really the best, you don't need to do those petty things."
I would love it if it was a downward-facing ravens logo personally
Sheetz up vote Wawa down vote?
""
Don’t we have a Primetime game this week?
Personally I don’t like primetime games now. Too late for me. I prefer 1 o’clock or 4 o’clock.
Goodell hates us!!
"Can everyone on this sub just try to not be a victim for like, a day?"
Normally we play well in primetime but this year I like the 1 o'clock games. Seems to always be a lot of injuries in night games for some reason
I prefer Wednesday at 3:40 pm it just works for me.
"I don't like primetime games. I can only watch till halftime, got things to do the next day. Only exception is the Super Bowl and Conference Championship games."
"Ravens, Washington, Bills, Bengals.

We literally get 4 prime time games in a row.

Stop complaining."
""
[deleted]
"That's a quality voice crack from Ben! ""typIIIIcally"""
Love this. Feel like we don't get much behind the scenes Ben but I'll take what I can get!
Ben is theee man
"I couldn't understand a damn thing they said to each other, but I really want more candid interactions between Ben and other players though."
"Since it seems like Ben doesn't like taking QB sneaks, how do you guys feel about putting Rudolph in those situations? The Colts do the same thing by taking Rivers out and putting Brissett in.  I feel like teams know when a sneak is coming most of the time anyways and that shouldn't really effect converting on 4th and inches unless Polamalu just shows up on the defense. Is this a feasible idea or am I just a moron for even thinking of it?"
Wouldn’t that be a big tip-off that we’re going to sneak?
[deleted]
i wish Dobbs would dress because i think he was a pretty dominant rushing QB in college
Put Rudolph in (obvious sneak) he two step drops and completes a slant to Johnson. TD! Or he throws it over his head 5 yards...you pick the story.
Rudolph doesn't need anymore blows to the head.
If you want to put a guy under center who hasn't done it all year may as well put a RB in there for the sneak
"Brissett is a competent NFL QB. I have such little faith in Rudolph, I’m scared to see him even take a snap."
Rudolph just needs to fade away. Nice kid but not NFL QB starter or sneaker material.
i prefer plans that dont involve putting Mason Rudolph on the field
Not every QB is a Taysom Hill.
""
Found this pretty interesting and whilst we’ll be contributing to those numbers - that combined with the awful past few outings have to give some food for thought in terms of changing our offensive approach
I like how you can tell most QBs are right handed by looking at this.
""
What does this have to do with the steelers? Am I missing something?
""
""
"Bud the Bear, I like it!"
Getting paid while painting bears. Dude where do you work? Are they hiring? Haha
I am aware that the paintwork is shoddy. We only had limited time and I am no artist!!
""
[deleted]
i agree they need to send juju deep more often he makes those plays. and he’s right they look like they are looking to get as much yards before they even catch the ball
The offense is relying on short passes and YAC so it kind of makes sense that they are thinking about the next move before they actually catch the ball. Hopefully we can come out firing on all cylinders on sunday night.
"Get it to JuJu more , just don’t be forcing it like Ben always tried with AB. We are a good team, Washington has a great D. Without half the drops we win that game."
">Ideally, I have always felt like I can run down field and catch those deep passes

This is interesting, for some reason remember out of college/draft that he preferred playing in the slot

I'm thinking we'll see him taking more snaps as an outside WR on Sunday instead of DJ. Maybe Washington in the slot"
"I mean sure all of us want to watch Ben throw the ball downfield to whoever.

but with Ben getting rid of the ball in 2.3 seconds. We don't have road runner on the field. If we want Ben to throw the ball down the field he probably has held on to the ball for 5 seconds."
">""Compared to last year or two years ago, the route tree I was running was a lot different. This year everything is a lot shorter.""   

Our offense is so predictable with these short passes. Is it Fichtner's saying, ""I want to protect Ben at all costs"" or ""Our OL is not good, and that's why"" or ""I am unimaginative and this OC thing is over my head""."
">what happened to Chase Claypool's jet sweeps?

They haven't been watching the games, like the first 2-3 worked but after that it has been shut down consistently"
I would also like to see them throw deep to juju at least fucking once
""
mf should be back to back dpoy i’m not gonna even say anything about last year i’m still pissed
I see no lies here. JJ buttering up steelers nation for the off season trade too! 🙌🏼
Best player on the team.
"Being in Columbus, OH I can never say anything about Watt being DPOY... all people here say is... BuT MYleS gARetT iS BEttEr!!!!"
bUt hEs nOt dOuBlEd tEaMeD aS mUcH
Watt brothers > Manning brothers
It takes one to know one
What’s crazy is JJ is saying this without any bias whatsoever.
Preach
The browns will still say Garrett.
Shouldn’t even be a second thought
MVP?
BuT tHE StEelErs ArE a WeAk 11-1
how are JJ and TJ both juniors?
Yo JJ when you joining the Steelers bruh?
The fact he has nothing for Derrick is insulting
Gets held on every fucking play
Now let's sign Derek's newborn BJ and maybe we'll finally have a competent fullback.
"Tell that to everyone still beating off to Aaron Donald and act like tj ain’t shit because he’s not a tackle taking on as many double teams... fucking clowns, the BIGGEST, TALLEST motherfuckers are offensive tackles and are clearly there to stop an edge rusher from doing just that: rushing the edge, yet he fucks their mom every play no lube"
Come on. Let’s not kid ourselves. You know they’re going to give it to the DB on Miami with eight picks or some bullshit. It took James Harrison having one of the greatest defensive seasons of all time to actually get DPOY for someone in Black and Gold.
And gets held on most plays.
Idk I think they should give it to a corner with like 4 int again.
"Yeah PFF rates Donald higher, therefor TJ is shit."
"Wouldn't the NFL leader in Sacks also likely be the leader in pressure, QB hits and pass rush win %? Not taking anything away from him, but those stats all just go hand in hand. Isn't this like the NFL leader in interceptions also being the leader in interceptions return yards?"
Are they triple teaming him ? Cuz if not the guy who gets triple teamed is DPOTY and its not close.
"A bit cocky, my old self does not like that. Makes him seem narcissistic. He can be cocky in more sportsmanlike and mature ways. I am not offended, and I really don't care as long as it motivates him to keep up the high level of performance!"
""
Remember when there was a rolling rock ad in that film?  Legendary
the giants are the opposite
[deleted]
Bungles/ Bung holes were two I always heard for the bengals.
"When the Browns were REALLY sucking, everyone around here called them ""The Mistake On The Lake""."
The Browns dont need a nickname. Browns is honestly bad enough on its own. Bengals are the Bungles
[deleted]
It’s not really malicious but my family and I have called the Chiefs the Chefs since that old [snickers commercial](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Nmgice3ieZ4) came out.
"I don't think the Browns really need a nickname, just calling them the Browns is enough of an insult"
Browns- The Factory Of Sadness
"Clowns, Bungles"
"Bungles, Bums, you'd probably have to ask on a raiders sub what the Chief nicknames are."
Shitcinnati
"Bung Holes (Bengals)
The Stains (Browns)
Ratbirds (Ravens)
The Chefs (Chiefs

The backstory of the chefs is the field painter of the chiefs painted ""chefs"" instead of chiefs on a snickers commercial"
"I used to call the Browns the ""Brownies"".  First, they were a treat to see on the schedule (easy win).  Second, insinuates that they are little girls.  

I see Bungles a lot for the Bengals.  Don't know of any for the Chiefs.  Gonna have to brainstorm for them."
"Bengals are the Bungles
Browns are the Factory of Sadness 
Chiefs are the Queefs"
"Lol, apparently some people have already thought of some:

[Browns](https://www.cheatsheetwarroom.com/blog/fantasy-football/names/nfl-teams/cleveland-browns)

[Bengals](https://www.cheatsheetwarroom.com/blog/fantasy-football/names/nfl-teams/cincinnati-bengals)

[Chiefs](https://athlonsports.com/kansas-city-chiefs-fantasy-football-team-names)"
""
"You've outdone yourself with this one man, so great. The little faces are so cute"
Well shit.  I love primantis and wings should be consumed at the same time if you ask me.  This isn't fair to frame this as an either or OP.
Dude I just wanna say I fucking love and wait for these ever week. They're so damn cute and I'm glad you've kept it up!
That's a tasty fuckin matchup right there. I may have to get both and watch the game
You outdid yourself this time
"As a Steelers fan that was formed after going to Pittsburgh and experiencing the Steelers, and Pens for that matter first hand, that lives in WNY, it feels wrong to pit wings and Primati Bros against one another. But I will be making pittsburghers all weekend and making necessary sacrifices. 

Great job on this one though, for real. My favorite one so far."
This is my favorite yet
I want primantis now
Well now I’m hungry
These make my week
This is the best one yet!!!
""
""
"Again, Vinny?!

As if we weren't already thin at LB. Plus, Vince had the green dot didnt he?"
Imagine if we hadn’t traded for Williamson
Fuck
"our defense is becoming unrecognizable at this point, right in time against a red hot offense in the Bills, fuck this"
"Lol Allen is about to pick us apart in the middle.

Edit: OL is a position I’m really big on in the draft but I would not be surprised if we spend a high pick on a MLB."
Jesus were gonna start Marcus Allen aren't we? lol
"Yo football gods, what the hell did this Steelers linebacker group ever do to you?!?!"
Now is as good a time as any for the offense to figure out how to score points again...
RIP linebacking core.
come on Bince
"Fucking hell this is big. No Spillane and no Vince. 

Man."
jesus fucking christ
So who will be calling plays? Avery?
Does this mean Avery and Minkah will be at linebacker and maybe Sean Davis getting more playing time at safety? I’m scared and confused.
"So...what MLB are active..? Who’s even left at this point? Avery, Marcus Allen (I guess) and...??"
Someone kill me
[deleted]
Cmon man
UG3 is back at practice at least
Well fuck put in Ben at LB lmaooo
Fuck we have zero linebackers. This is not good for the bills game. Fuck
Time to sign 12 LBs to the practice squad...
"So are they gonna push back this game like 4 times for us now?

Yeah, didn't think so"
Wasn’t he on the list a little bit ago?
"With defensive starters missing at all three levels against a very good offense, this week we may have to score 35-40 points to win it. Let's see if Ben and company can do it. This is a big test for our offense. It could be a blessing in disguise too, they probably have no option but to open up the playbook."
Anyone got the updated injury list?
Wow we are getting thin at ILB.
"Oh man, who would be in line to start?"
Pain.
shit just keeps getting worse
F
Why is Shazier the thumbnail
"Time to just move Edmunds into the box all game and have Davis or Hilton play the SS role. Kidding, but also a little serious. We need some sort of coverage ability in the box or this game is going to be ugly."
Fuck man I look forward to watching Vince play every week. Guy is a monster. Gonna be a a scary one this weekend
"Jeez - hope it's just the close contacts list again. They're so thin that losing a guy like Vince blows, however this Bills team isn't exactly the team I worry about losing him against..."
this is fucking bullshit.
Thanks Ravens
"Actually a blessing 
We all know he was going to be going up against diggs all day. Now we can play a DB on him 😂"
Might actually be a blessing in disguise because we need coverage linebackers to play against buffalo
""
So we have Avery and... Bueller?
"Who is up next, Elliott, UGIII, move Edmunds ILB and bring in S. Davis as safety? It is awful thin at ILB."
"The \#Steelers have placed LB Vince Williams on the COVID-19 reserve list, another hit to the LB group that will be without Robert Spillane.

***

posted by [@RapSheet](https://twitter.com/RapSheet)

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Yessir let’s just let Ben be QB and OC for one game and see how the game changes
Might as well try it against the Bills. With no linebackers we need an offense that's gonna score 40 points. Can't get worse.
They need a new o-line coach.
I'm with moats. Our offense has plenty of opportunities to score points.. our guys aren't executing. That's not on the OC.
Give Canada control
Go duuuukes!!!!
"I can't believe anyone has any doubt whatsoever who's running this offense, and it ain't RC.  This has been Ben's offense since Haley left.  There is nothing new this season that wasn't on full display in 2018."
""
"Claypool out today for illness. 

This is a fucking disaster"
Maybe Marcus Allen shines? I really think he has potential
We are losing pieces every week damn
"The highlighter is dreadful.

And every team is dealing with this crap. Let's focus on what we can focus on."
""
"So, that's not good either."
fucking nightmare bro
Ughhhhhh. Terrible timing for all of this. There’s gotta be some kind of bubble put into place for playoffs
James Washington 250 Yard game incoming.
"I'm watching Juju on Twitch right now and he said Claypool has ""the bubble guts"", haha.

COVID can sometimes cause GI upset, but I'm hoping he just ate something that didn't agree with him and he'll be good to go."
"Wormley was out yesterday with an illness and back today, so I don't read too much into it"
That sucks
Remember how close the game was last year?  The bills were arguably better last year too
Shit shit shit shit
"Hey i mean, if we have depth at any position it’s receiver"
" [Joe Haden and Robert Spillane out, Chase Claypool expected to play - ProFootballTalk (nbcsports.com)](https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/12/11/joe-haden-and-robert-spillane-out-chase-claypool-expected-to-play/)"
""
"Damn these are 🔥, great job"
I love the look with the black background on Ben.
Wouldn’t mind adding that TJ to my collection either 🔥🔥
"I also got one for my father this Christmas, I'll show it when it arrives"
Where are these from?
Awesome!!!
""
I don't think this was a criticism of Ben...  Many of us here were saying the same thing given how little practice time the WRs and Ben seemed to have the past couple weeks.
"That’s what I’ve been saying but another thing that would probably help more is being less predictable, Randy."
"I think that's a fair assessment. Outside of Juju, this receiving group has limited experience with him."
I'm sticking to blaming Fichtner.
Maybe Johnson and Ebron should try playing without their gloves in the cold weather. Allegedly those modern gloves get slick and lose their grip when it’s cold out. I think Bleier made a similar suggestion.
"Well Ben is the only starting QB in the NFL who takes off every Wednesday each week.  Brady and Brees, both who are older than Ben, take every practice snap.

Ben has way too much say in this organization.  He raises the team with his play, but his ego also holds us back."
So it's not just *on* the field that Fichtner makes poor decisions. It's an odd choice to criticize the person who is one of the main reasons you still have a job.
Randy is such a idiot. I can name 5 reasons off the top of my head why it isn't Ben's fault but I'm tired of wasting time talking about this dogshit coordinator.
"hi guys and happy holidays to all

i heard that big ben is only thinking about himself cause he keeps changing the plays when theres a running play...i think others should call plays and why is it fichners fault when ben keeps changing the plays?...guys if a play is called the players have to execute..i say blame it on the players to not just the 1 calling the plays...GO STEELERS!"
You obviously never watch football....
OK MBC...
Is this just a VERY strange but elaborate troll post?
"You're either stupid or a troll. Either way, get back under your bridge."
I'm blaming you
What in the actual fuck??????
"How much crack did you smoke before posting this? 

Or maybe this is Fichtner’s burner account."
I heard that Randy Fichtner has been putting kick me signs on Ben's back all throughout the week and Ben isn't too happy so he's intentionally sabotaging the offense to get Fichtner fired. Just a rumor I heard on tv.
1.6/10 troll effort
What a shitty troll job
"Nice try, but not enough troll."
""
Can he play linebacker?
"Birth stats: 27 lbs 28 oz, 1 sack"
...B.J. watt...? 😰
A fine addition to our collection
Draft him now
His uncle plays for the Steelers!
Bout to give a whole new meaning to “WattsUp.” Hell yeah you will be... 4 times a night every two hours. Worth it though. Congratulations!
Brayden? ugh...
Now maybe the experience of carrying a baby will translate to him doing literally anything on the field 🤞
"You guys pick the player I put on my mock for your team. Any feedback is appreciated.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/karsl3)"
i’m not big into college can someone tell me bout leatherwood?
"As both a Florida fan and a Steelers fan, my dream pick has to be Kyle Trask"
"I've heard of Leatherwood, but I haven't read anything of the other OT. I just want a good run blocker for the draft"
Don’t follow college but O-line is a must unless some top guy falls to us for some reason
Kind of surprised to see folks in on Leatherwood over Slater.
I feel like you have to draft oline if you don't grab any in free agency. We can get a quality rb later in the rounds
Other than OL Shaun Wade is on my list.
"I’m actually completely okay if we completely focus on revamping our Oline. I love those
Guys but they are in a decline"
"As their first round pick? Of the ones listed, I think the only ones worth a first round pick, based on positional value and individual production are Slater, Leatherwood, and Jones. 

But I think you could grab Mac in the second or early third if they trade up, so I guess either OT in the first."
Boys we take Leatherwood and run.
OL please
"As someone who watches every Northwestern game, I'd like to stake a claim that I think Rashawn Slater ends up being the second offensive lineman taken and his perceived stock will be consensus top-10 before too long. 

Slater went through some growing pains after an excellent debut as the starting left tackle for Northwestern in the 2019 season opener at Stanford; especially dealing with bendy, quick guys. That said, despite getting beat a couple of times, he put together a nice game when he went against Chase Young last year and has only gotten better in his second season as the starter."
Najee Harris would be nice
"Javonte Williams, North Carolina RB"
"1. Jets
2. Eagles
3. Steelers
4. Bengals
5. Bears

I think for most of the season many of us were glossing over the true performance of the offense. ""They're averaging close to 30 points a game!"" Well yeah, because we've got an amazing defense that consistently sets up the offense with more drives and shorter fields (we're currently 3rd in the NFL in average starting position). 


We're 24th in yards per play, 29th in rushing yards per attempt, and dead last in yards per completion (below the Bengals, Giants, and Bears). Time to hit the reset button."
god if we had 2016 defense we would be fucked or 17 made blake bortales drop 45 on us😔🔫
"Alright. You've hit the reset button. Now what? What does that mean?

Are you saying to cut Ben? Fire Fichtner? Pick RB round 1 or 2? Bench Ebron? Move around our OLine?"
Yards don't matter when you're scoring well. We're consistently given good field position from returns and turnovers as well
""
 they better analytically catch the fucking ball
"I know there are a lot of people who are rightfully concerned after the last 2 games, but to me at least, this just feels like one of those games that we win, possibly in a dominant fashion. Look back to 2017, played a shitty game against the Jacoby Brisset led 3-7 Colts and only won by 3 points, the following week they Blew the doors off of the 6-4 titans 40-17. Then in 2018, we lose on the road to the 3-10 Raiders, then beat the Patriots the next week. This is prime time, in a key game against a very good team after an ugly loss. I'm not saying they are a lock to win, but it just feels like this is one of those big rebound games."
So did the model not account for all the injuries on our defense?
The lack of a run game has something to say to the analytical model.
That’s sounds incredibly stressful lol
Cool. Now if I could play all of our games on Madden we could be 16-0 (I might quit a couple times to make sure that record stays intact).
Well that's not a heart attack score at all
Looks like an ulcer is back on the menu boys and girls!
If we beat the Bills r/NFL will say its because ThE BiLls ArEn't ThAt GoOd.
Bozgod kicks a 60 yarder as time expires and promptly hangs dong.
""
"Great Jersey my man, born and raised Steeler fan that lives in "" the burgh"" here....Steelernation all over the world,I love it.....GO STEELERS..."
So I want that same jersey but I want the stitched letters one instead of the silk screen.  Can someone send me a link or explain the name difference between the 2 jerseys. When you google jerseys there are like 10 different names/kinds.
ABSOLUTELY.....
"The 7/11 connection got say? 

Funny story I once got yelled at by my coach bc I hastily grabbed number 17 instead of 11. 

Nevertheless, nice jersey!"
[deleted]
That’s awesome! I had a Slash poster on my wall growing up. It listed him as a Punter too!
Hey man he was my favorite player as a kid. So relevent thats awesome!
"The way some people treated him was just awful. He gave it his all every time he stepped on the field. Not even close to the best QB the Steelers had, but I still remember his time being at the helm of some good teams that were fun to watch."
"That's really awesome, the only jersey I've had was a Kordell jersey I wore the heck out of when I was a kid too so I kinda get that feel, wore it until the letters peeled. Wow."
That’s pretty cool. I too was probably around the age of 10 when I got my first jersey which was also a Kordell jersey.
"LoL, its called Pittsburgheeze you ass hat grammarbot...."
I found an away jersey at goodwill when I lived in Wisconsin and out of all my jerseys it’s the one I get the most compliments on
Fav Steelers of all time. Drew a picture of him when I was 6 or 7 when visiting my aunt in Pittsburgh. My aunt who worked as head of volunteering department at UPMC was able to get her steelers contact to sign it and personalize it for me for a Christmas present. One of my fav gifts.
"Oh man - that's awesome. I don't really buy/wear jerseys anymore, but for some reason I always liked the feel of these older replica jerseys - kind of thin, made out of the material that basketball shorts are made out of."
When i was little My first jersey was a Levon Kirkland jersey. About 2 years ago i finally took a trip to Pittsburgh and they actually had a bunch in one of the shops. Pretty cool to find it after not being able to fit in my old one for so long lol I feel you on this
"Maybe I should of commented on his ""park"" incident.LOL."
"He was a good runner and evader, but really never had the arm strength or accuracy just sayin"
""
Who is that for those of us who don't memorize faces?
"I don’t know faces really well, is this Donte Moncrief?"
I was expecting Swede
Dionte Moncreif and eBRICK Ebron
Please... If you think that's the problem then you ain't been watching the 3rd quarter.
"First of all, his play hasn’t even been bad. We’re one of the league leaders in drops, randy fichtner is calling the plays, we have no run game, and the offensive line is quickly aging. Sure the deep passes haven’t been there, but he’s clearly still got it. I don’t see how this rough patch can be appointed to him in any way."
It’s not all on him but he certainly was responsible for a part of our loss. The pick 6 before the half and the under thrown ball to Washington which was picked off was on him. Both of those plays killed us more than any other on offense
"I don’t blame him...but I do wonder if he can make all the throws anymore. There’s a reason why they throw so short all the time, with the occasional deep arcing pass. But the 15-20 yard frozen rope passes aren’t there.

It could be play calling, but I have a sneaky suspicion that it’s his elbow/arm that doesn’t allow him to throw those passes. I mean, everyone can see the passing tree...including them."
We Suck on Offense period! It’s as bad as last year in the last month.
Even he blames himself. Doesn’t mean it’s all his fault but it is his fault.
"Watching the game was a pretty good way for people to see that Ben is to blame. How can people *not* blame Ben is the real question, though I suspect the correct answer -that people tend to be biased towards making excuses for players, especially the biggest stars, and scapegoating coaches- is something that people won't ever admit. Which, ironically, further proves that the answer is correct.

It was almost poetic when Collinsworth was pointing out that it was clear Roethlisberger was the one calling plays in no huddle...and Ben instantly threw his second INT of the day, just as bad of a throw as the first one. I wondered what that would do to the fans in this sub who make excuses for the biggest stars like Ben, and scapegoat coaches like Randy. How silly of me to think that it would change anything.

Fichtner has obviously been doing terribly, too. Opening the game 3 and out, again, is inexcusable. The offense barely even looks like a pro-style offense anymore, Roethlisberger refuses to throw it past 10 yards into the middle of the field and it's bizarre. There's a lot of fluky short plays to McCloud or the backup RB -whether it's McFarland or Samuels- and nothing to open up the field with all the receivers. It's a mess of too many issues at the same time, and while scapegoating the coach and assuming the biggest stars are doing everything right is always the default opinion for a lot of fans, the truth is everyone is sucking. Roethlisberger is right at the top of the list, along with Fichtner, Diontae Johnson, every other pass catcher for being unable to regularly create separation, and the OL."
Randy and Ben work together. Ben has a ton of control over the offense. Can’t blame one without blaming the other.
"It's pretty clear he can't consistently push the ball down the field or to the outside anymore unless he has an absolutely pristine pocket that allows him to really step into his throws. 

That throw to Washington last night was underthrown by about 10 yards and he even had decent space to make it. 2018 Roethlisberger (or most above average QBs), put that ball out in front of Washington and just a little bit more inside and it's 6. 

The pick-6 at the end of the half was a bad throw, but just as concerning was the out route to Claypool immediately prior to that. He had plenty of time and space to make that throw, he started to throw on time and in rhythm... and it just didn't get there. 

The coaching staff is showing their concern through their actions too. After the pick-6 they had 50 seconds, two timeouts, and a field goal immediately grabs back momentum.... but they just decided not to even make an attempt. Claypool hasn't dropped anywhere near as many balls as guys like Ebron and DJ, yet Claypool has seen his snap share plummet in recent weeks. Why might that be? Because they know that he's basically a glorified decoy out there right now.

The offensive line has been a problem too, but the things are interrelated. The run blocking has been bad, but Roethlisberger's refusal to go under center also makes really difficult to get a good running game going. The lack of a running game just allows defensive linemen to tee-off on the O-line knowing they can play the (unlikely) run on the way to the pass."
"You can't blame Ben for *most* drops, but there have been a few passes each game that are behind the WR and they have to make a tough adjustment to have a shot at catching it, I can't blame them for a drop in that situation. It's a lot harder to adjust to throws behind you when they're short throws because you have almost no time to react. Deeper throws are much easier to adjust to.

That being said, Ben is horribly inaccurate this year, especially in the deep game. He's consistently throwing outside to guys running deep inside, and throwing back inside to guys running deep outside, both cases mean defenders are able to easily catch up and make a play. He's been underthrowing a lot lately, too.

I don't think his arm strength is an issue like people expected, though. He still shows great arm strength once or twice a game, but he's just not interested in throwing the 10-20 yard intermediate stuff anymore. It's either throw a 5-yard pass on 1st or 2nd and long, then on 3rd and short he throws a 40-yard off-target bomb and it's either incomplete or intercepted.

We can't win games with 3-5 play drives, our defense is being relied on way too much. It's honestly like watching last year's team all over again.

I also think people give Ben a pass because he was playing well earlier in the year, but that's because teams weren't adjusting to the quick passes and we weren't asking him to do a whole lot. Now that the pressure is on, he's playing horrible football. But people refuse to lay any blame at his feet because he makes a couple decent throws and that's all they remember in addition to the drops.

Blame Randy all you want, but he's not the one under-throwing a deep bomb on 3rd and short with 7 minutes to go needing two scores. Most play calls have at least five routes to choose from, Randy isn't telling a 20-year QB who to throw to every play."
Lol people got to understand that the reason our playcalling is so conservative is BECAUSE OF BEN. That’s why we are also last in Playaction.
"You should have stopped at Randy is calling the plays. The sole reason he has a job is because Ben can do whatever he wants. The pick before the end of the half vs. TEN, the pick against the back up Ravens a few weeks ago, the pick last night. His decision making and play is troubling. Not to mention the continued batted balls from a 6'5 QB. ""Sure the deep passes haven't been there"" is an exact issue. It's probably part of the reason the offense has been throwing quick passes. Dropped passes do not help Ben. However, a majority of these dropped passes have been 3-5 yards. Which again, points out the issue of throwing the ball downfield. Yeah - he is part of the blame. How in the hell couldn't you? It's OK to be critical of Ben and still like him.  He has to play better but at this point in his career, I am not sure he can whereas years before he could."
"80% on ben. The 2 most important parts of a football game are the 2 min before and after halftime. Ben gave them all the momentum in the world. Worst throw I've seen all year including the titans and Ravens ints. Thrown way behind juju. You mean to tell me he can't throw deep, he's immobile as fuck, and can't complete short passes in the windows they need to be made? Ben is old man. He's wrapped up. What sucks is we are probably stuck with him for another year. Gotta draft OL and pray to the football gods we strike gold in the later rounds. But Ben will not lead us to 7."
"He was garbage last night. He’s playing on a bum knee, of course. Problem is he’s going to make like 40 mil next year and be even worse. I hate to say it but he’s done."
It's a team sport. No sole player or coach is to blame. Everyone can do more. Ben is certainly not the reason we're losing these last two games but he also isn't flawless. This offense hasn't practiced a lot together over the last few weeks and it can lead to inconsistencies and missed timing. The whole offense is one dimensional and Ben plays a huge role in the play selection/audible/deciding who to throw to. He hasn't looked the same since that Cowboys game.
[deleted]
""
"I would like to take this time to anyone that wants to read.... 

After the two losses endured by the WFT and the Bills I took the time to rewatch each game and there is really no other reason the Steelers lost but play calling and game plan. Everyone can be quick to jump in conclusions of refs (and rightfully so on some of the calls/non-calls) but this is a normal for every fan in the league and every team has to endure. Big Ben is playing well. The defense is managing their assignments well. The o-line is not the problem. The wide receivers (and their drops) are not the problem.

The problem is Randy Fichtner and his terrible game plans. 
1.)I do not understand how there isn’t a 10-15 yard route in the playbook until the 4th quarter. 

2.)An inside zone run on a zero-stunted O-line blocking scheme every time is not the answer to the running woes. 

3.) a quick passing offense is not effective without the illegal picks thrown into the mix. Randy is trying to be the patriots of old where he picks apart a defense underneath to open the bigger plays but does it without the effectiveness of opening up the routes 

4.) there is no reason to open up in a 4-5 wide set and have everyone run at most 5 yards up field and turn around. 

5.) the run does not work because every DB has the luxury to play up towards the line 80% of the game due to the quick pass offense. This allows the defense tons of flexibility to blitz inside and disrupt the run 

6.) Either the whole Steelers offense is in on the game plan of protect Ben at all costs and don’t adjust to a defensive game plan where he is allowed to operate or they are completely delusional in trying to be something they are not built for. This offense can easily be effective in a pass centric offense if the game plan was to to allow the receivers to play like receivers and run a multiple concepts on the same play. I haven’t seen a double more than twice all season or a play across the middle greater than 10 yards that wasn’t meant to draw a PI on a heave by Ben. Every. Route. Is either a 5 yard out, hitch, slant, or drag 75% of the time. It makes absolutely no sense. Randy has been incompetent in the past but it has never been like this. he tried something new and it was figured out as it should have been. Now is the time to adjust and work towards holding the ball more than 2 seconds on a play. I refuse to believe the o line is so bad that they cannot consistently block for Ben. 

I wish I knew how to link plays legally so I can point out individual plays where calls were awfully prepared but I do not have the capability.  

Anyone that stuck around for the rant, thanks for reading. I may be overreacting but I truly believe the only reason the offense is failing is due to style the offense plays, individual player woes are expected and can be overcome. This offense  scheme is not a championship offense running at 100%, perfection and needs to be adjusted."
"1) first few series are “scripted” by coaches and ben. The people making the calls clearly should be fired from that job. The reason there are no 10-15 yard plays until the end of the game (4th quarter) are because Ben just doesn’t have time for that route until the 4th when the other team is in max protect against chunk plays. Ben is fastest to throw in the league because his life depends on it. Pouncey can’t block, probably because his knee(they he didn’t want to get operated in because he is late in his career) isn’t 100% and so he can’t train a lot. DeCastro a knees were shot coming into the season. They wanted to sit him longer but they had injuries on that side and he came back early. Then he tore his core muscles and hasn’t been able to hold a block that wasn’t straight at him since he came back.  Today was probably the day decastro got benched, not because bad but because he’s playing nowhere near 100% and was in ther out of necessity, but then feiler blew out his pec or shoulder and Dotson had to fill in, then Dotson had basically he same injury. So because it’s a fast pass offense, one safety mid depth, 4 rushers, everyone else is 8 yards deep waiting for a route to tackle someone quick.

2) they insist on letting Ben play from the shotgun, so when they do go under center it’s a joke and everyone knows it’s a run so the entire team is in a goal line defense with one safety deep just in case. If they ran from under center they could be in a 3 point stance, and go pass or run from a single back set, still have the RB protect Ben, and the defense wouldn’t know if it’s pass or run. It makes the defenders guess and make assumptions which is better than a delay hand off or a straight up hand off from shotgun and 2 pt stance blocking. 

3) Randy and Ben are emulating everything they ever saw and liked. Ben kept calling Ryan switzer his Edelman early in Ryan’s tenure here. Ben loved that wubby like he was performing like Edelman. Then you have that stupid TD attempt to a O lineman. They saw Cleveland do it, when baker had 4 TDs, and they wanted to show that we could do the same stupid play. They never run that, never practice it, and I guarantee it was thrown in last min Bc Cleveland did it, and I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s code name was BM Or Some combo of Baker/Mayfield/Cleveland. In their playbook. 
4) Ben will die if he holds it long enough to go 6+ yards, we saw the penetration tonight when he held longer than 2.2 seconds. 
5) they can’t run Because they can’t block. They can’t block because they are in shotgun every down which is a don’t yield but basically no push stance for even athletic and strong linemen, let alone old and injured ones.  That won’t change until they make Ben play under center which won’t happen. 

6) they are all in on it because it’s all they can manage. If they could do anything else they would, but they dug this hole by throwing so much weeks 1-11, and now with no ability to run block, and no one expecting random runs, they won’t be able to fool anyone into a formation that enables them to successfully run block. Washington sent 4 most downs and they still couldn’t run block even when they had an extra man on the line (still in shitgun) so this is going to be a Dan Bylsma type early exit in the playoffs."
">6.) Either the whole Steelers offense is in on the game plan of protect Ben at all costs and don’t adjust to a defensive game plan where he is allowed to operate 

Yes"
Great post.........I just hurt inside.
"We still all have to realize 3 games in 12 days. It’s not the nba, these guys gotta feel beat. We saw that bills line take over the run game in the second half. Unfortunately the nfl has taken away 2nd place byes so I don’t see this getting better for these guys"
">1.)I do not understand how there isn’t a 10-15 yard route in the playbook until the 4th quarter.

There is. The QB wont throw it."
I think alot of the play calling is an issue of personnel. Ben can't throw a deep ball to save his life. He's way too old to get the job done. And he doesn't have the speed to really open up the play action. Offensive live is a trainwreck of its own. But Ben and the OL are the 2 mains reasons the play calling is what it is imo
[deleted]
"He is being a good sport. Would you rather have Brady’s bitch ass who runs off the field without a second thought? This loss sucks major balls and we all have a right to be upset, but let’s not transition into some whiney Ass bags over shit like this"
"I’m not going to criticize the guy for having good sportsmanship.  They beat us, and more so Allen hung in there and got it done.  He deserves praise for a nice win."
am I missing something?
Not sure why people hate on congratulating the team that beat us. Obviously they were better.
Man this sub has a bunch of fucking whiners this morning
Amazing he didn’t miss the high-five/handshake...or drop his jacket in the process.
What is going on in the background?
They are praying in the background. Ebron being a good sport as well. This sucks but there are things bigger than winning
I think he made sure to do it during the interview so he can be on TV but to criticize him for showing good sportsmanship is asinine.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ebron is a bum. Worst part about him is he thinks he’s such a tough guy. Can’t catch a damn cold. Unpopular opinion: we should have kept Jesse James a few years ago. No big play ability but always solid. Now we have two tight ends with “big play ability” who can’t catch.
""
"Sorry, Ben's boy ain't gettin fired, he'll be here next season.  Accept it and move on.  Ain't happening."
""
"Take my upvote for a meme featuring a guy who was on two of my favorite tv shows ever. And I hear he's rumored to be in consideration for Jeopardy host.

Funny side note, my auto complete wanted to capitalize ""Considerations"" because of how many jokes I make about that being the last name of the Pirates favorite trade target"
[removed]
[deleted]
"Love our team, but their cockiness has to stop."
"> JuJu shouldn't have been dancing on their logo.

Why? Its paint on a field. Who gives a shit? If Buffalo had a problem with it, stop him while he's doing it (they didnt) or make him pay during the game (they didnt).

Acting like him doing it had some effect on the game is dumb. It didnt."
He dances on every logo including the Steelers. This isn’t a hockey locker room.
He shouldn’t have done that.. it’s disrespectful and not his style
oh lord did you just post something critical of Juju? On *this* subreddit of all places? God save your karma because that shit is about to take a nosedive
"I'm trying to stay positive by thinking about who could be our next OC when Randy is let go this off-season...

It's clear to me that Ben's arm isn't going to allow for him to lead the offense like he once did.. and even once he's gone I think an OL/run game would benefit a possible rookie QB.

Anthony Lynn may be fired this off-season. He's been on the hot-seat and go check out their debacle yesterday running with no timeouts left.

Lynn was only an OC for part of 1 season before being promoted to interim HC in Buffalo... but he's been the RB coach/Asst-HC/HC of several impressive running games.

In Buffalo his offenses revolved around LeSean McCoy who some thought might be on the downside of his career after being traded from Philly. Eric Wood and Incognito made a couple pro bowls under Lynn. His first season for the Chargers he took 2 guards on day 2 of the draft and leaned on Melvin Gordon and eventually Austin Ekeler for offense."
Anthony Lynn is a terrible coach. I wouldnt hire him to coach my son's little league team.
"> when Randy is let go this off-season...

Please don't get my hopes up like that"
"Sorry to burst your bubble but as long as Ben is the QB Randy ain't going nowhere

Edit: they also got Canada that is creative when it comes to calling offense. Don't see a point of bringing somebody else when you got him on staff"
"im not sure why you talk about Fichtner being let go as a ""when"" and not an ""if"""
Rather have bill o
Never heard of her.
"Steelers promote from within, it's Canada's job if the team moves on from good ol' Randy"
Go to hell
Matt Canada is already on the team
Randy needs fired but this is not the answer at all
"Have you seen his clock management?

Hell to the no."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kcww4w)"
You sir are plain stupid. He's holding us hostage? Really? Who do u suggest starts? I'll wait.. u must not remember last year. It was 10 short days ago we were also 11-0. And we are 11-2 now.. This is the stupidest post I've seen on this sub possibly
Do you remember what we looked like in 2019? Lmao
"From what I saw, the problem isn’t Ben. Playcalling has been pathetic, at best. Ben has been overthrowing guys downfield, I wouldn’t say he’s washed. 

The OL is injured, we literally had nobody to go in if anyone else got hurt at the end of the game.  That’s why we are not passing it deep, we can’t stop the blitz for long enough to get guys downfield."
wait what? is this bait? if anything the recievers are holding ben hostage by dropping balls LMAO
You're the same guy that would've cheered when Bradshaw got injured in '83. It's people like you that make Steelers fans almost as bad as Philadelphia fans. And the reason Ben isn't going to associate with Pittsburgh after he retires.
I’ll be honest. We all bitched and moaned about Duck and Mason last year. This offense doesn’t look much better right now. Bens arm is toast. He can’t throw anything past 10 yards and every team knows this. Every deep pass is comically under thrown. It’s why claypool has disappeared. Teams are literally loading the box to stop the pass and run. Ben needs to go he is 100% holding us hostage.
"Before the game I read an article (as I'm sure many of u did as well) that the steelers are concerned about bens knee injury to a pretty high degree. After the game i read stuff where now it kind of makes sense and it's clicked to where i now see it. I think it was the jaguars game he hurt his knees, since then the offense has (i could be completely wrong) seemed to drastically change to this short passing ALL THE TIME because he doesn't have the leg drive to get behind some throws, like the deep ball, ie the one he got picked off when under throwing Washington last night.   He didn't seem to have much zip on his throws. This is just my thought but this may be part of the reason for the awful game plan. 

Doesn't make sense tho as to why we have abandoned the run game when conner was getting and still should get 20 touches a game. Something just isn't right and it's mind boggling! Don't use our fullback and have become completely one dimensional. Just how and why? The offense was doing well and then boom stop. Again I just don't get it!"
You have a point but that still doesnt explain why Ben has avoided deep and intermediate routes between the numbers all season.
The Dallas game is where Ben went down close to the end of the first half and Mason saw some snaps. He’s been hurt since that game
"If the issue is Ben's health (and I think there is a valid reason to think it is at least in part a health issue), then sit him next week, maybe two. The difference between the #2 through #5 seed has never meant less - if a portion of the issue is his health, then let him get healthy and eat the potential losses.

But, my sense is that it's more than just health - or just recent health. The scheme is a problem as well, and it's a mutually destructive process. They may need to get more of a max protect going - three receivers running routes, allowing a back or TE to leak out as a late valve. Just running the receivers more than 6 yards down the field, even if you can't always hit them, will help to push back safeties and LBs. Seattle and Tennessee are great examples of this. You also need to get Roethlisberger under center more, but that may be hard if his knees are shot (and makes the time off more important)."
"You’re not wrong, but people keep talking about “abandoning the run game.” Their o-line has been playing so poorly that they just have to abandon it. Conner gets hit by 3 players before he gets back to the los."
""
For better or worse Diontae is the teams most explosive receiver. Juju just isn’t able to be a deep threat and is now a possession receiver. Idk what’s going with Claypool but now Ben is falling apart
The main thing is we clinched a play off spot though it definitely sucks we lost
[removed]
"No way we drop this Cincinnati game, no matter how bad we look, we already smoked them when they had Burrow. We just need to go 1 week at a time and get a victory this Monday

Edit : changed weekend to Monday"
"You realize the Bills are the best team we’ve played all season, and with a pick 6 we still only lost by 11"
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kcy0og)"
"Realistically, we need to draft linemen."
Daily qb post came in early today I see
If Ben goes this off-season go get stafford. But we need to be spending our first round pick on the oline if there is still value later in the round
Lol @ Hurts
"If we have a shot at drafting Trask and the bigger first round linemen are all gone, I wouldn’t mind that at all. I can just see the Pats or some other team picking any QBs we want before us"
Phili ain't giving up Hurst.
"People voting for Darnold, do you really see him having success in our offense? I haven’t seen him enough to form an opinion."
"If we can grab darnold or trubisky, for a 3rd pick I’d do it. The o line is a big concern. Pounce and decastro are corner stones that are aging I would see what value they hold in the trade market and send them off if the price is right. The running back position reminds me of the last year with Mendenhall and that collection of backs good compliments but no main ingredients. I would give McFarland some more reps so he can get comfortable in the O, he always seems to anxious to make a big play because he’s not in very much. Just my opinion I’m sure it will get ripped apart 😂"
"I'm trying to find it, but in 2016 or 2017 or so, NFL Network or ESPN or one of those generic mainstream sports media outlets made a ""Let's look some years ahead to the best QBs of 2020"" clickbait article. Predictably, the list consisted of the best QBs of the day, but older: Late 30's Rodgers and Matt Ryan and mid-30's Cam Newton and Russell Wilson, Carson Wentz was a hot name at the time, and they probably loved the few games a rookie Desean Watson played too. No Patrick Mahomes, no consideration of the fact that other QBs would be drafted in the future like Baker Mayfield, Josh Allen, Lamar Jackson, Kyler Murray, Justin Herbert...it was really basically a list of current NFL QBs. Only focusing on names we knew at the time, and not what was clearly most likely to happen: Younger QBs come out in subsequent years and play well.

All of this to say is that the Steelers next franchise QB after Ben is certainly not in the league right now, and is unlikely to be drafted in 2021."
Have faith in Rudolph
""
">""If I don't play good enough football, then I need to hang it up,"" Roethlisberger [said](https://twitter.com/i/broadcasts/1dRKZNvrPWMKB) postgame when asked if the Steelers could regain their form. ""**But I still feel like I can do enough things to help this team win football games. And I'm going to do everything I can to get us back on track**.""

It's clickbait headlines like these that use only half the quote that make people less informed than if they were to read the full quote. Or even nothing at all."
"If he hangs it up or not this off-season, we have to figure out our plan for the future after this season"
"Ben is playing scared. I don't know if it's because he's hurt or his arm doesn't feel as good as he tries to tell everyone it does, but he isn't playing like Ben. 

I am tired of seeing the ""quick release"" stat on a man who used to hold the ball for 5+ seconds running around like a lunatic to ensure receivers were able to get open. Awesome, he's not getting sacked, but we aren't moving the ball either. 

The team collectively said they deserved respect when they were undefeated and have proven in three straight weeks why absolutely no one showed them respect."
"Ah, yes, the yearly, ""I should think about retiring"" speech."
Paraphrasing but he did say in his YouTube series that he's accomplished everything he's set out to do.  He's just sticking around for the young guys to help them win.
"I don't know if age is catching up with him and this is truly his last rodeo or if it's just a phase and perhaps external issues just have him off his game. Tough to say. Luckily a game against Cincy ""should"" get him back on track."
Then fuckin hang it up already so we can move the fuck on.
"At this point let’s lose out, accept the first round playoff loss and hope like hell we can get someone like Kyle trask somehow. I sorta want Ben for another year or two tho, just for the sake of tutoring whatever qb comes along. Plus this defense is way too good to waste their primes"
This game was all on you Ben. Be better man.
[removed]
"Let’s face reality. Our defense, even with all the injuries, is still balling and the best in the league. Our ST‘s are vastly improved and above average. 

The main reason our offense sucks is our pathetic O-line. Yes, you can blame playcalling, Ben‘s mindlapses, drops and RB‘s, but the Origin of most of these problems is still our line. We don’t go deep because our line can’t keep Ben upright for long. We can’t run because we don’t go deep AND can’t run block to save our lives.

The most disgusting thing is that Pouncey and Decastro, who are barely average, are among the highest paid players on the team and make like $25M combined. We really need to think about their future with the team going forward."
"When Ben lined up over center, the entire Buffalo D, everyone watching on tv, and the commentators knew they were running it...  I think Ben lined up over center less than 10 times. Who did Fitchner think he was foolin?

No matter what it is, O-line or scheme.... when 80% of your plays are throwing under 10 yds, you're gonna get beat eventually.  Welcome to the 21st century, we have video.

&#x200B;

I was really hoping Tomlin/Fitchner would have the O come out, changed up.... 2 TE, run, play action, throw down field....  saving that stuff for the playoffs?"
"Absolutely.  Did you notice how much our line improved when Dotson came in? And then how much it fell apart when he came out? That dude is gonna develop like crazy, I couldn’t stand hearing Collinsworth say literally every play “AnD tHeY’rE mAkInG iT wOrK wItH a BaCkUp At GuArD”"
I couldn't help but notice that PFF ranks pouncey as the worst center in the last 2 years. I normally don't care for pff rankings but that's kinda jarring.
Only thing you are missing is the fact we have zero play action ability.
"I think it’s more scheme than O-Line talent, and last night was a perfect example of why our offense doesn’t work. When the defense is keying in on the short pass game, guess what? They play close to the line (see 9-10 defenders on the line of scrimmage for Buffalo). Well, when every single defender is within 1 yard of the line of scrimmage, it is extremely difficult to run the ball, as we have seen over the past few games. I can’t remember a single run where Conner wasn’t contacted first in the backfield.

IMO this all stems from Ben not being able to throw the ball down the field anymore. It’s clear defenses have keyed in on the short passing game, yet no adjustments have been made. I don’t think this is lack of strategic ability for the Steelers I think it is lack of throwing ability by our QB.

I love Ben and he’s been our QB for basically my entire life, but you can only fight Father Time for so long."
"Sure I can agree with most of this, but honestly the offense really isn't that good as a unit. We absolutely positively cannot run block, it's probably the worst I've ever seen. It was a matter of time before these flaws got exposed, even though we were on a streak I never felt comfortable. What's bothering me the most today isn't the loss, it's another one of Bens drama remarks about retiring."
"I got ridiculed and downvoted to hell on this sub for saying our offense was going to go to shit when Munchak left. I wish I wasn’t right, but it was way too obvious, and apparently nobody within the organization realized it either"
"Let's face it. When the steelers were averaging 122 yards a game, it had more to do with Connor overachieving and the pass game when it was not only a 3 yard pass."
I am all here for the unsexy draft that should be 2021. Give me all the O-Lineman (throw in a RB as well).
"Decastro is fine.

Pouncey tho, is grading out as the worst starting center in the league.   I'm not sure if it's just slowing down with age, and injuries? be he just isn't the mean, athletic guy he was even 2 years ago."
Y'unz acting like we're 2-11.  Yeah we look bad. We have a lot of starters injured and are in triage mode.  We have some time to figure it out. We WILL be in the playoffs and we won't be getting a bye so lets just relax.
"The 3 games in 12 days has undoubtedly wreaked havoc on this team. The defense, besides missing obvious starters due to injury, was getting moved by the bills in the second half. Joe Haden wasn’t there to cover Diggs. TJ watt wasn’t setting the edge on runs. The o line is old and hurt, and that never helps in the run game. I think the most important part to realize is that there was no way the Steelers could come up with and change any scheme on either side of the ball in that short amount of time. How many days of practice have they even had over these past 3 games?"
"I understand the importance of a line, but our line and most of our offense was healthy last year with the exception of Ben and our offense is looking exactly the same as when Mason was out there. Just not intimidating to the opposing defense."
"The scheme and the OC are the problem. The O-Line, RB’s, WR’s dropping passes, and playcalls are bad too don’t get me wrong, but this scheme and the OC need to change immediately if they have any chance at winning another game to lock the division let alone a super bowl. This team cannot win a playoff game right now. This is not an 11-2 team. It’s more like a 8-5 team that got 2-3 really lucky wins."
"I keep seeing a lot of missed tackles and opponents running wide open in the secondary. This defense, over the past 4 or 5 years, is great on paper but anyone who watches them knows they’re overrated."
OL and Ben.
"I think Pittsburgh really ought to draft a QB this year. Ben's aging fast, I can't see him playing beyond  2022-23, which means now would be a great time to select a QB and have them sit behind Ben like Mahomes did in KC. Who could the Steeler's reasonably expect to draft? Fields and Lawrence (or Wilson) will be gone early, but after that, I see a gap where I'm not sure a QB gets selected for a bit."
Draft offensive lineman and CB this draft. Worry about a QB next year. Why? Because it gonna matter if we draft a QB if they can't run block and pass protect for more than 2.2 seconds. Fixing the line is the most important thing right now
"Will draft somewhere in the back third.  There isn’t likely to be a franchise QB available then.

Realistically what’s going to happen is Ben will lay an egg next season and we get a high draft pick, or we punt a season with Rudolph at the helm and then draft a QB early.  Either way, Tomlin is going to have to have his first losing season before we can draft Ben’s real replacement."
"We’re better off taking players who can help immediately, then tank for a year when Ben does retire so they can get a top-shelf rookie."
Signing Dak Prescott coming off his injury is my dream
We gotta pray we can strike gold in the later rounds. It's too important to fix OL right now. But I do agree ben's time here in Pittsburgh is over
I’ve heard some things about trey lance or Kyle trask
"Steelers should inquire about trading for Jameis Winston. He's only 26 and is a decent QB. Yeah, he does have a tendency for interceptions but he also threw for over 5,000 yards and a ton of TD's a few years back. 

Besides, there likely will be no great QB's available where the Steelers will likely pick"
"2022 is shaping up to be a lower year for QBs in the draft so this is probably the better year to do it and were likely to see at least 4 QBs in the first round and as many as 6 depending on Trask and Mac Jones. Its also a really good year for OTs in the draft so if ever there was a year to try and move up in either the 1st or 2nd round this is it. But even later in the draft you have guys like Kellen Mond, Brock Purdy, and Jamie Newman who will all be solid project QBs

I think Kyle Trask could be a great QB to sit behind Ben next season and then try him out in 2022 as the starter. Ideally Travis Etienne falls to the Steelers in the first round this year but if not then give me QB and OT in the first two rounds."
Say it with me boys Daaaaaaaasaak
"There is no qb without our draft position and the cost to trade up would be huge. We need all new linemen, and there’s a much better shot at one being available at our possible draft positions."
"Guys, getting a QB now is what the bungles did. They got a great qb, but had zero line to block for him and he almost died back there and his career could actually be over. No qb can operate with this line able to block for only 2-3 seconds before collapsing from every angle. We need to get offensive linemen first."
"If Trey Lance is there you have to take him. Kyle Trask is a good option as well. 

I don’t care, but it has to be either offensive line or QB in the first round. I understand the Steelers like taking the best player available; but the QB and offensive line positions are in need of dire help."
Phil Jurkovec
As an Iowa State fan I definitely would not be opposed to drafting Brock Purdy if he was available in the 3rd or later.
Offensive Lineman Draft\* Fixed it for you.
Notre dames quarterback is gonna be in the black and gold next year
I wouldn’t be opposed to Kyle Trask if he was available. Odds are he won’t end up being the long term guy but Dak Prescott was a mid round pick who also played for Dan Mullen in college and that worked out well.
"Teams I see drafting QBs:

Sure things: NYJ,  Jacksonville, Chicago

Likely: Denver, Detroit, New England

Maybe: San Francisco, Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Carolina

Unlikely: Indianapolis, Minnesota, Cleveland, Atlanta"
"Trade for Darnold, sit behind Ben a year rebuilding his psyche. Now we have a low cost QB that can play.

Draft RB, OL, possibly CB.

Resign Spillane, let Dupree and Haden walk.

This is the way."
Mason “The Next Brady” Rudolph. Give him some time in the pocket and let him sling it to Washington and Chase all day.
Trade for Darnold
""
This year I think [THIS is a bit more representative of the issues I've seen in the passing game this season](https://imgur.com/a/P9JU2Cn)
So I’m beginning to think the passing game is structured around what Ben is capable of doing. He’s started looking his age lately. I’m not even sure he could throw many consistent passes beyond 5-8 yards to be totally honest.
"From all the highs and lows of yesterday, leave your final thoughts/analysis/discussion/takeaways from yesterday’s game.

This thread is intended for level-headed, mindful discussion and less knee-jerk reactions. Keep this in mind before commenting.

As always **DON’T BE A DAMN JAGOFF.** Follow our rules. We all have different opinions and mindsets, but we’re all here to talk Steelers and see them succeed at the end of the day. Keep it cool."
"Our offensive line deserves WAY more blame than I'm seeing. You know why the run game isn't working? Do you know why we have to throw quick passes all the time? 

The o-line is getting absolutely wrecked on pass protection and run blocking."
"Week after week the same two issues persist:

No run game

Cannot throw deep

Teams don’t respect the deep ball so they suffocate intermediate/quick routes and we can’t move. Absolutely stuck in the run game. Again, these are the exact same two issues that carry over week to week and we cannot fix it. Absolutely zero improvement. I truly do not see how things get better at this point when this has been the same story week after week. Losing Dotson, Feiler, and Chuks will only make it worse. 

In addition, we went 1/10 on 3rd down.  

Coaching staff lived in their fears aNd didn’t play to win (to end the first half, not going for it on 4th in bills territory)

This was bens worst game of the year. 

Everything just piled up and left us with that performance last night. Missing Joe, Vince, and Spillane was awful, though, I thought Avery played pretty damn well. 

Tl;dr we have a super bowl defense with an offense that cannot be trusted."
"I was more crushed when I got the feeling the steelers were giving up towards the end of the half. It was bad enough that nothing on the offense was changing and then to look at some of the defense look like they were lost or didn't care just killed me. 

Steelers have to find away to run the ball. The offense needs to carry a little bit of slack for all the defense has given."
Who knew 11-2 could feel like this?
Well I hope we can beat the Bungles but at this rate it will be a close game
"Sometimes you got to take your lumps. It never feels good at the time, but it happens in the NFL. I’m hopeful we’ll turn it around and make a real push in the post season, but it isn’t going to be easy.. and it shouldn’t be easy. Here we go!"
We did not peak at the right time of the season
"There were a few users on this sub that would vehemently argue with me about Randy's ability as an offensive coordinator and I still remember one of them even went so far as to say that ""Randy is a good OC"". This experiment where we let Ben's best friend be our OC and give Ben basically full control to do what he wants is souring **very** fast.

The way I see it, these next three weeks are the time where these two prove that this can work and actually function as an offense. Because right now I think we should definitely fire Randy in the offseason and find a real OC, regardless of how much Ben will bitch about it. If we had Todd Haley we would be in a much better spot right now, I'm convinced of that. Say whatever the fuck you want about the fucking red zone but in some of these games, being able to sustain drives and get at least three points would have **definitely** put us in a much better position to win games these past 2 weeks."
Hot take: We lost the game but I wish we had won.
"I was going to come in here and write an essay about this team and their offense woes, but it's already been said.


I will say though, that i truly believe this should be Ben's last year.  Either he retires, or the team should move on from him.  They need to find a new QB and they need to look at someone other than Rudolph, Duck and Dobbs."
"Our defense had its issues, but they're all compounded by the fact that the offense consistently is off the field in three plays. Defense is on the field so much and it's a big part of the reason why guys on that unit are dropping like flies to injuries.

It's been clear for a month that defenses know what's coming and no adjustments have been made. Our playbook has somehow slimmed as the season has progressed. Zero plays that play off of our tendencies, which would be *so* easy to implement given how predictable we've been. There's no effort in keeping defenses honest, we're completely one dimensional on offense."
The offence is scaring me and our defence is getting depleted. A one and done playoff run seems likely to me.
"i feel bad for the defense, going on two years of playing their asses off with minimal support on offense. exhaustion and injuries continue to pile up, and what’s even more sad is that next year Dupree, Hilton, Sutton are all possibly gone. feels like this elite defense has gone to waste"
Death and silly Steelers coaching decisions... we had 7 in the box for the second Bills TD and it was 3rd down in Steelers territory. Absolutely why??
"oh?! We just need juju to stop dancing to start winning again;  Incredible deep analysis guys.  Honestly injuries, odd scheduling, and inconsistent offensive play has caught up to us hard. Hopefully with an extra day of rest, we can recharge a bit and get a good win going into the final two games of the season, where we will either build a little momentum or not."
Steelers could really use a Ravens win tonight so they can afford to sit Ben for a week or two to let his knee heal.
"The people who have been insisting all year that the offense will turn things around need to realize that the offense cannot and will not turn it around and the only hope of this team doing anything in the playoffs relies solely on the defense saving their asses, as they have been in the majority of games this year.

Munchak leaving was a much bigger issue than any of us could have imagined. People knew it would be a big loss but it is unbelievable how big it truly was. The o-line is a mess with or without injuries. 

Fichtner is one of, if not the worst, OCs in the NFL. We would be blessed to have Todd Haley, and frankly I would be thrilled if the Steelers broke protocol and fired Fichtner today. The Fichtner defenders are wrong. There are mountains of evidence of that and it isn't even worth arguing about. 

People crying about Butler for not having a defense capable of playing 75 drives at 100% effectiveness each week, even with all these injuries, need to chill and realize that every problem this team has comes down to the offense being bottom 5 in the NFL. And bottom 5 is generous"
"I think you can attribute the poor defense to the injuries. We didn’t have Haden, and our ILB depth was very thin with Spillane and Vince out. The pass rush misses Bud a lot. But still, there were too many miss tackles and that just can’t happen at this level. I can’t even remember the amount of times a 2-3 yard gain turned into a 5+ yard gain because we can’t tackle. 

This offense is atrocious. Butterfingers, can’t block, can’t run, predicable play calling, you name it. 

This team has played like crap 3 weeks in a row. Time is running out to clean it up. 

We’re not super bowl contenders at the moment."
What happened to all the backfield motion runs. Really haven’t seen as much when they were so effective earlier in the season.
"Lets be honest the offense have benefited from a good defense all season long. Now that the injuries are stacking up, that cover is no longer there. The defense is still giving great effort despite the injuries and CONSTANTLY being on the field. Offense is our achilles heel. It’s weird to say, even with so many playmakers. We play to win, not to be proud for playoff participation. This team can still do good things only IF the offense wakes up. If this is who they are then well, we’re going to get bounced. Lets stop sugar coating it."
"I really didn't think we played that poorly, considering who is playing at LB, and our offensive line getting all jacked up. I think we are starting to see how much that bye is screwing us over especially playing 3 games so quickly. Offensively, I know people are outraged at how poor it has been, but I really do think the offensive gameplan is simply don't let Ben get hurt right now. If he goes down making the playoffs is pointless, and we already have locked a playoff spot. I know people are saying ""they've been figured out"" but there is just 0 urgency to try anything right now and our guys really don't seem to have a tone of motivation.  I expect to see us slowly begin playing better moving into the end of the season, hoping the browns game is a mini bye week for us, but at this rate probably will  be for the division."
What was the point of signing derek ? Previous 2 games he was wide open in the end zone and didn’t even get a look. I haven’t seen him with significant amount snaps. I’m confused on why ...
If you’re gonna save the season it begins with Randy Fitchner’s access pass not working today.
"I think the biggest question in my mind is, can the issues with Ben be corrected? My concern is they are not and Ben doesn't have much left."
"Hello Darkness my old friend.

This winning streak corrupted me and had me in an uncomfortable territory that everything was awesome while our team noticeably began falling apart. I have faith in Tomlin and others to right the ship. We are not going to fire the OC or do anything drastic. Looking forward to some improvements next week. We are in the playoffs with a great, but much maligned Def."
"I think we should all start expecting Ben to sit out next week vs the Bengals. Regardless of who tf said it, I *do* think Ben's knee is not good, because he barely moved last night. That sack he took, he actually just took. That is not Ben Roethlisberger to TAKE a sack like that. 

I stopped paying attention, but did he even take a single snap from under center? I think the whole 2.2 seconds thing is more a product of a dismal OL since Munchak left, and Ben not being able to get mobile at all. His bomb passes were always when he'd bail from the pocket and make space, but there has been zero of that since he knocked his knee in the Jags game(?). 

I don't care about the record or the seed, I just care to have the most healthy squad on whatever field come the playoffs; so, if we have to bench them all for rest, take every remaining loss, and go in as the 5-7 seed, I honestly wont mind that as much as continuing to put an ailing bunch of sore-ass tired men struggle for what would inevitably amount to nothing anyway. Homefield doesn't even matter nearly as much this year, and every team will be fighting regardless of their seed, so there is no easy way to get there. 

However, I *do* know that our Pittsburgh Steelers of the 2020 season can be gritty af, and pull out wins they wouldn't have in seasons-past. Therefore, I reserve hope based on love for this team, and if such a move is made as to sit Ben next week, I ask that we appreciate the football reason, and not care as much about the hot takes and media reasons.  

ok, I've said my peace. Sorry, and thank you.

Go Stillers!"
If you count the legal points we won easily!!!
"The play calling is so goddamn predictable, I'm not sure what happened to our jetsweeps but I feel like the same variation of 6 plays get called every time. That tight end screen to Vance was an abomination. The amount of people we were missing on defense is just staggering and my god did it show. I thought highsmith played well but we were just not getting outside pressure on Allen unless it came from one of our cornerbacks. Maybe the ACL injury allows us to retain bud for a cheaper price but we'll see. Secondary played very well until they didnt. Steven nelson played pretty well but eventually running press man against Diggs just ate us up. I cant help but feel if we had haden things are different this game. Minkah had his worst game in a while and just wasn't making plays. That missed tackle and deep 3rd touchdown were momentum killers. Hilton played very well but that 3rd down PI buried us.

Our receiving Corp. Has to be the most talented, inconsistent group of talent in the league. Diontae has a chance to be a top 10 receiver and when he gets the ball hes electric but my god man you gotta catch the ball. Its gotta just bein his head at this point. Claypool isnt making those big plays he was earlier in the year, he dropped a huge one yesterday, it was a tough catch but still needed it. Ebron was ebron. James washington is our most sure handed wr but he lacks the athleticism that the others do. At this point, jujus our best wideout and we need to take more shots with him downfield. But with fucking randy bobandy calling the shots I doubt itll happen.

The good things is, were in the playoffs and were still in the drivers seat. I can't believe I'm saying this but we need the ravens to win tonight because I do not want to play the browns for the division title. Were 11 and 2 and we need a big game against the bungles to build on. Hopefully we get spillane, chuks, dotson and Haden back. 

Here we go"
Ben disappointed me. I thought after being robbed of a game winning drive last week we would see a fire. But he needs to take 80% of the blame for that loss. Dude chucked the worse interception I've ever seen going into halftime. The 2 most important parts of a football game are the 2 min going into halftime and the 2 min coming out. Ben deflated our entire team with a single throw. I think next season we really need to cut bait. We can keep Juju Bud and Hilton by getting rid of ben. Can't let this defense go without a ring. Ben is not the guy to take us to 7. Love all he's done for us but his arm may be the reason play calling is so limited.
"I was optimistic going into this week even with the previous two weeks, but I've officially swung the other way.

The O-line is THE problem right now, and it's not exactly something that can be fixed at the end of the season. They can't run block, seemingly can't pass block (the very few times Ben doesn't get rid of the ball in 2.2 seconds, he has dudes right in his face) and it's all compounded by the fact that Ben can't move at all. Maybe, maybe if we had a mobile QB they could fix some of these issues with bootlegs and moving around in the pocket, but that simply isn't an option. The play calling is so predictable the D is literally just sitting there to blow up plays before they develop. Relying on the receivers to break 3 tackles to gain 8 yards is not sustainable.

Maybe if the defense was completely healthy you could get away with it by getting great field position, but I just don't see how this team can win anything in the playoffs. I guess it'll make the games less frustrating when I have low expectations."
"I can understand being bad, but what makes me furious is being stupid. And that's what we are on offense right now.

I don't think analytics are the be-all and end-all. But they do show very convincingly that certain things like sneaking in 3rd-/4th-and-1 situations and using play-action often simply make your offense better. The way we choose to play is the antithesis of what analytics recommend (which wouldn't worry me if our offense is good but it's not). When PFF say that they consult for 31/32 teams, I get this awful feeling about who that outlier is."
[deleted]
Steelers aren't even best team in the AFC anymore.
JuJu dancing on the Bills logo was the early sign we were gonna blow. Dude needs to stop with that shit. Love the guy but damn
"Rough game mostly played like shit by a team on fumes and riddled with injuries. Hoped for a win, but not surprised by a loss. I think they can pull it together with Conner and Pouncey back. I'll get nervous if things don't change against the Bungals."
"No run game / no explosive offensive plays / OL is trash. 

The defense is good, they're still playing well but they're getting gassed by the 3rd Q because a) the offensive doesn't help them and b) We have no depth because everyone's injured. 

I really think Fichtner needs to go. I don't feel like we're that far away from competing - even post Ben. We need a competent QB and to throw everything we have in the bank at Munchak in hopes he comes back. 

This was our year. We had the top defense, an offensive LOADED with cheap, young talent, an above-average OL, a decent RB, and a HoF QB.

If we don't get it done this year, we lose: Conner, Villy, Feiler, JuJu, Bud, Sutton, Hilton, and I'm sure a few more. That is 7/22 starters. Not including other moves we make too."
"In the last 3 games, the offense has score 15, 17 and 12 points (Def scored in Ravens game). I didn't even go look at times when the defense set up the offense with phenomenal field position like last night to get the 1st score. That in and of itself is a problem.

Last night, the offense had 13 drives. Of those 13 drives, 9 were 4 or less plays (another 1 ended the 1st half)- there were 5 three and outs,

Last week, there were 14 offensive drives - 9 drives were 5 plays or less.

Week before against Ravens - 10 offensive drive - 4 drives of 5 plays or less.

That is the problem right there."
"Injuries were brutal. Drops were still a major issue. But this offense is inherently flawed, and I don't think it's going to improve. I'm trying not to Chicken Little when we're sitting at 11-2, but I can't imagine this team doing anything in the playoffs. 

The run game looked fifty times better than it has the past couple weeks, and yet was still basically non-existent. The run blocking is a problem -- especially when you're down to your final five healthy o-linemen -- but our group of RBs are not good. Conner is not a feature back, and I'm losing any hope I had that Snell or Samuels will even be in the league in a couple years. I would love to see more from McFarland, but he hasn't exactly looked promising either.

The drops are just inexcusable. DJ got into a bit of a groove in the second half, but multiple drives were killed because he couldn't catch the ball. Ebron is even worse because he's barely running his routes at this point. If I had a little more confidence in the rest of the offense, I would be happy to see them both scratched against the Bengals.

But honestly, Ben and/or Randy are the root of our offensive woes. I have never seen a less creative or effective offense than what we've got over the past four-ish weeks. We are utterly abandoning the run in favour of a spread passing attack that rarely throws deeper than five yards. Ben has no deep throw capability at all, and the medium ranges have been completely abandoned. We're barely playing from under center, we have virtually no play action, we aren't even doing any of the creative sweeps or presnap motions that were working well in the first half of the season. It is an absolute chore to watch this offense, and it's depressing to watch them repeatedly put our defense behind the eightball.

Ben is done. We are running a gameplan that's even more limited than what we did last year with Mason and Duck. If that's all he's capable of, then why are we keeping him around? Especially when it will likely cost us quality starters like Bud and JuJu and Hilton. He needs to hang it up, and we need to focus on the future. I just feel so disillusioned about what that future will look like."
"I can't say I'm optimistic about the rest of the season at this point. Our defense is playing admirably despite being decimated but our offense is so one dimensional it has become easy to defend.

From what I can see our offensive woes are a 3 issue problem: Ben, Randy, and the O-line. Ben is our best QB by a mile but he doesn't appear to have the desire to throw the intermediate nor deep throws anymore. That offense last night gave me December 2019 flashbacks - completely ineffective in all aspects and playing scared. That wasn't supposed to happen with Ben back. You could have thrown Mason or Duck in and it wouldn't have been much different.

Sadly my optimism for the playoffs is waning. I just don't see the O-line magically playing better considering the injuries and I definitely don't see Ben and Randy changing the offensive scheme. Ben wants to distribute quickly and that is what we are going to do. I hope they surprise me."
"Juju dancing is giving the other teams more motivation. Shit needs to stop now. We are getting clowned on. 

Haven't been able to run the ball in weeks has finally caught up with us. 

Offensive line has played decently but need obvious adjustments in the run game. 

Ebron needs to be demoted to number 2 or used just in the redzone. 

All wideouts need to spend all week on the JUGS machine. 

Defensively just need to get healthy. 

Its now Bengals week let's focus on that and getting back to Steeler football."
I just want to say how dirty I feel today...Diggs is on my fantasy team.
"That sucked. Offense was just, bad. Even ben looked shaky at times. The play calling was bad. The run game is dead. Seemingly little adjustment at half. I wish I know how to fix this team."
"There is no deep threat because we need to get rid of the ball so fast.  No run = No play action fake.  Short passes are all that we have, and our competitors know it. Defence is not getting any support."
The fact we didn't try to score before the half shows how little confidence the offense has in its self. If thats the case then some fucking changes need to happen immediately.
"Short and sweet; aside from our defense we really suck right now.

Offensive line is the most offensive thing **about** our offense. Ben can't throw deep, our run game is an embarrassment, and our O-line sucks. Translation - we'll throw middling every time. Special teams isn't exactly a bright spot, but it's not the shitshow that our offense is. The only thing our WR's/TE's can reliably catch is probably Covid.

God bless what's left of our crippled defense at this point because they're holding our team together like fucking Flex Tape right now.

I wonder if TJ Watt can play TE? Probably has better hands than Ebron."
"Someone need to tell JuJu to STOP fucking dancing for TikTok on the opposing teams midfield logo. 

What in the holy mother of fuck happened to the offense? What can be done RIGHT NOW to help the O, and particularly the line? They can’t run block worth a shit, and everyone is talking about how much faster Ben’s release is, but it’s because the line can’t pass block for more than two seconds. 

I think it’s becoming more clear that Conner ISNT the guy for the future. I don’t think Snell or Samuels is either. 

Why does EVERYTHING have to be out of the damn shotgun? I can sit on my couch, half drunk and know what the offense is doing. I’d have to believe opposing teams can do it too, then. 

Why sign D Watt as a fullback if you’re not going to use him? There is zero reason why this offense should have to go five wide inside the four yard line to try and score. 

The D is still playing at a super high level. Causing turnovers early and stopping teams from doing much of anything. Since the offense is showing incapable of capitalizing on those turnovers, the D isn’t getting adequate rest time. Which is resulting in injuries, and then getting beat in the second half. 

As a fan with football knowledge, having played the game most of my life on both sides of the ball, these issues are glaring even to the most football illiterate. It bothers me that the front office is having such a hands off approach to all of this. 

Something has to be done, and soon to right the ship. These are not the kinds of games and looses you want leading into the playoffs. They’re demoralizing."
"As a former Patriots fan, I can tell you that good O-line play is essential if you wanna make any kind of noise in the playoffs. Brady routinely had tons of time to sit back and scan the field and it made a huge difference. If Tomlin can't figure something out by January then we're royally fucked."
"We are screwed with no lube and not enjoying
It this time"
"I didn't wanna say anything out loud cuz of superstitions and shit...but I saw this coming the second our bye week got shafted by the Titans. It's impossible to play 13 straight weeks of football and come out unscathed. And the whole Ravens situation was the nail in the coffin, making us play 3 games in 12 days. We can fix the drops, we can fix the offensive line, we can fix the offensive playcalling, we can fix a whole lotta things, but you just can't fix injuries. We're hurting right now, and now that our chances of a 1st round bye are all but gone, it's gonna be a brutal second half of December and January for us.

&#x200B;

The only positive is that we have clinched the playoff berth and since winning out doesn't even give us a great chance at a bye, maybe we can use these final 3 weeks to figure out some new strategies for this offense. It's painfully obvious that defenses have figured out what we wanna do on offense with all the short throws, so it's time to make adjustments. This defense is playing ridiculously well, and if we can just get that same level of production from the offense that we were getting at the beginning of the season, we can do more than just pose a threat to KC."
"OL, DL, RB, QB are MAJOR needs for this team. Here’s hoping that some of the free agent decisions get made for them. 

Feiler, Villanueva and Conner are guaranteed goners. Williamson hasn’t impressed, he can go. Wormley the same. Vance and Davis can go. Ray-Ray unfortunately. 

At this point you have to pay Juju as he is the most consistent player on this offense. Considering how little Highsmith is doing you almost have to sign Bud too because it’s clear that last year wasn’t a fluke and the penny really did drop. Let 56 rotate both sides. I don’t really see the point in re-signing Banner as he’s never been a starting caliber tackle and for people to moot him as next years left tackle blows my mind.

DBs are tricky because Hilton and Sutton are a lot of good but a lot of bad. Idk who you keep here but in his limited action this year Layne hasn’t looked up to it which would’ve made the decision to keep Mike and let Cam walk a simple one. Would like to keep Alualu as he’s very solid but that depends on his price. I liked what I saw out of Buggs this year and I like Mondeauxs motor even if he is a bit raw.

The biggest issue is still probably quarterback. If Ben could consistently throw the ball downfield there’s no doubt he would be. He wanted a big, fast guy to chuck the ball up to for years and now he finally has one in Claypool and he can’t even remotely make those throws anymore. We can blame Randy and he certainly is to blame for some of the lack of creativity but it’s Ben. You can only be so creative within that 10 yard window. He’s hamstringing this offense because he can’t hit deep shots to worry a defense. They literally have nothing to fear so long as they tackle on the catch.

Earlier this year he was kinda hitting those deep shots but the threat overall was there because they would occasionally hit. It’s gotta be arm fatigue but that doesn’t excuse the fact that his deep shots are now complete wobblers that are well under thrown. He’s hoping his receivers bail him out or that the refs do but the throws aren’t anywhere close to giving the receivers a chance.

It’s a vicious cycle because if they could run it’d take the pressure off of him but now with the way the offense is constructed you’re always going to be running against 8 man boxes cause everything is so congested. Unless they start going downfield and hitting some long throws this offense is gonna be stuck in 1st/2nd gear. I don’t care how good your offensive line is, 5 can seldom block 7, 6 can seldom block 8."
Bills players said juju childish pregame tik tok on the bills logo fired them up to win. Lol juju lovers please defend this. Is he just having fun? Give me a fucking break. I want guys who are focused on one thing during the season.. winning. Juju isn't a winner he's a crowd pleaser
""
"Other teams, not just divisional, have disgraced the towel. In other words, franchises di this to other franchises in many instances across the season. It's all fun and games and adds to the experience."
Yawn. If they lost he wouldnt have said shit.
don’t we always dance on teams logo ik he does it on ours a lot idk about other teams
Punting 9x and 2 INTs stressing the defense until was gassed af probably has way more to do with the loss than Juju dancing
Love Juju but just stop the fucking dancing dude. Dallas and Buffalo now. Looks like a jackass when this comes out
"No one has a problem with it until we lose, find something else to cry about because this is not an issue"
He's probably doing it for a YT compilation or some shit. Who gives a fuck about people fragile enough to be upset by it. That goes for the towel defenders too.
"I'm glad I'm not the only one that thinks this is stupid as fuck. I said so during the Dallas game, and was downvoted into oblivion. 

It's not even a tik tok thing. Just don't give the other team ammunition for more motovation. It's so fucking dumb - what kind of mentality must someone have to think ""Oh, I'm gonna go dance on their logo, this will piss them off"". It's so fucking lame."
That's right it's all Juju's fault the Steelers lost!
"I don't think that logo-dancing (or towel-stomping for that matter) makes one iota of difference in terms of motivation or energy level or anything else on game day. These are professional athletes playing a violent game for millions of dollars, in front of millions of people - they are as geeked as they are going to be.

I also don't believe that Juju has his head in the wrong place, or that he isn't focused because he does these things. It takes about 30 seconds to plan and execute this stuff, and if it keeps them loose, that's just fine.

It does, however, make you look like a complete fucking idiot when you do a tik-tok dance on the logo at the middle of the field and your team lays a damn egg."
"JuJu is an attention whore. Even when he does something good for the community, there’s always “conveniently” someone recording it on their phone.

I honestly don’t know how Tomlin allows cellphones in the locker room after the Antonio Brown playoff incident"
Not to sound like a boomer or Mark Madden but the pregame dancing on the team’s logo has got to go.
"Less dancing, less Tik Tok. More running the ball and catching passes. Blue fucking collar football."
"I’m ready for the Steelers to move on from JuJu. Watch his videos with his buddy Danny Duncan and he’s just an immature kid. Pair it up with stuff like dancing on opposing teams logos and the non stop social media, just go JuJu. We don’t win Super Bowls with clowns like this."
Humiliating
Fuck Josh Allen
Really Josh? Shut the fuck up and win a playoff game. Oh wait Buffalo hasn’t in nearly 30 years! We will see these arrogant fucks again.
Fuck the bills and josh Allen
"[deleted]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kczmqo)"
"pain

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kczna1)"
As someone who lives in Ohio I cannot possibly stand the idea of cle having a chance to win the division. I will have to quarantine until next season to avoid browns fans obnoxiousness
After seeing all the ravens fans shit on us on Twitter I hope the browns beat them back to Baltimore.
I’m torn. A Ravens win means there’s a good chance that they become the 6 seed and I do not want the Steelers to face the Ravens in the playoffs. A Browns win means they’re only 1.5 games back of the division.
Tie.  I don’t want either of them to win.
Can we change this to who do you want to lose? Because I want the browns to lose. But I could never say I want the ravens to win.
I voted for the browns
"With all the shit talking the Browns did after our loss to Washington, I hope Baltimore beats their ass."
""
"My optimism was here this morning. Get a few guys back on D and the O-Line, whup the Bungles to remember what winning feels like, go forward. We have a lot of work to do for an 11-2 team, but I trust in our guys to do it. Go Steelers."
I don't think optimism can rise for me unless we trade for the entire Chiefs offense. Old ben and OLine aren't getting the job done. It's depressing.
Hopefully a division rival losing tonight will make you and me both feel better
""
He ain’t watching Claypool because Claypool doesn’t get reps for some reason
Chase was nonexistent yesterday
u/savevideo
OC just needs to be fired. End of story.
"Ok so hear me out. Last year the ravens and Lamar Jackson where almost undefeated because no one could figure them out. This year we did figure them out and look at them now. This year on the other hand no one could figure us out until the Washington game. And know where getting be by worse teams. Don’t blame the players, there playing well (mostly), blame the coaching. 

Tl;Dr: where getting predictable"
"I am concerned if you think we're is ""where""."
"The 2019 Ravens were, by every objective measure, a great team. They just got upset by a red hot team in a game where they were favored by 9.


The 2020 Steelers are a very limited team that wins by defense or not at all. I can't imagine they'd be favorites against any AFC playoff team right now by more than a field goal - and they'd be underdogs against all the rest."
2019 Patriots is a better comparison
"We’re predictable because the only thing we can do is short passes.  Our offensive line can’t run block so we have no running game.  Ben is getting rid of the ball within 2.5 secs so our only passes are ones where the routes are that quick.  

Our defense is out there most of the game so they get tired and our pass rush is less effective when the defense is gassed."
"The running game falling apart is the biggest issue. If teams had to stay honest on defense to defend against the run, the quick passing game would open up again, but the Steelers ran into two teams that planned for it well. Washington got their hands in passing lanes and the Bills secondary played their coverage well and jumped routes. Is what it is, can’t win them all.

I am concerned though about playoff football and not being able to run for even 50 yards combined in a game. Conner is still averaging 4.3 yards/carry on the season, but it was 1.8 yards/carry last night. Not good. And frankly the 4.3 stat is ballooned up because of the game he had in Jacksonville. As much as I like the guy, Steelers need to find a true bell-cow running back instead of the committee they have now."
[deleted]
""
"Might as well add ""teams that can run the ball"" too."
Teams who's 3rd and 1 play isnt firing a pass to the moon and praying it lands within 10 yards of a receiver
Honestly other than a few drops super early (first drive) I though they did a pretty good job holding on that game.  Now we know Fichtner is the problem
This team’s offense looks like the Patriots offense in the worst way possible.
"Teams that don’t waste the talent of 3 phenomenal receivers by only running screen passes and making the shittiest play calls.

Or how about teams with an offensive coordinator that isn’t so fucking retarded it makes their fans want to hang themselves

Or how about teams that don’t rely so heavily on their defense that it injures half the fucking starters"
This wasn't even our problem last night. We just couldn't move down the field because all of our passes were 3 yards long
It didn't feel like the drops were the reason they lost to the bills though. They just can't move the ball at all
At this point I wish we could just hand the ball off. We literally just have an offense that stands out there
This team feels like the Bears with a little more talent. Defence is amazing but the offence makes that irrelevant
"Catch the ball, run the ball, throw the ball long, any goes"
God bless
DeFeNsE wInS cHaMpIoNsHiPs when they can actually catch a pass or run the ball ಠ_ಠ
Lmao 😂😂
Pain
I hate that I identify... :*(
Thanks for the awards! Just wanted to show my friend how it felt watching other teams make catches. Cheers everyone!
"Drops weren't even why we lost last night tbh.  Every rushing attempt we had resulted in our backs running into a brick wall.  I don't know who our OL coach is right now (or if we even have one), and it seems like Randy is underqualified as an OC because he came from being a QB coach and has zero experience with managing running backs.  I guess sometimes it pans out, but you can't always plug-and-play position coaches into broader roles that they have no background in."
"Yes...the team is in a tad offensive rut. 3 weeks to right the ship though. Stay positive...we are still 11-2, not 6-7 trying to claw in the playoffs."
😂😂😂
The worst part of this meme is Spongebob and Patrick aren’t even receivers. They’re defensive backs.
"""Teams with competent OC's"""
Its the OL
We couldn't run a .05k
That’s how I felt tonight watching the Browns and Ravens offenses score at will
😢
This is so fucked.....but so hilarious
"Sorry if this has already been posted today, but messing around with the playoff machine on ESPN after yesterday's results it looks like both the division and Balts playoff chances come down to tonight's Cle-Balt game. 

Scenario #1

Balt beats Cle. Pit can then beat Cincy and lose to both Indy and Cle finish 12-4, win the division, and be the 2/3 seed over Indy/Tenn. With a win tonight Balt is likely in regardless of what Mia does assuming they win all 3 vs Jax, NYG, and Cincy which seems probable. 

\#2 

Cle beats Balt. Pit then needs to beat Cincy and either Indy or Cle to win the division and still be the 2/3 seed. 2 losses would put Pit in the #5/6 spot. If Balt loses tonight they need to win out + have Mia lose 2/3 vs NE, LVR, and Buff- certainly possible given their current injury situation. 

Soooo given all this it looks like our most likely finish is the 2/3 seed. This is all assuming Pit beats Cincy next Monday. If I messed anything up let me know, but it looks like a Balt win tonight would seal the division and the 2/3 seed for us."
So we gaurentee win the tie breaker with the browns if they lose tonight?
"At this point, we have anywhere from the 2 to 5 seed. I really think we should rest all of our starters the rest of the way.

Why?

Because only #1 gets a bye and we have little chance of that now.

Home field means nothing when there are no fans.

We have so many people hurt and no depth left. Last night we were down to 0 reserve lineman at the end if anybody got hurt. We have like 0 linebackers. Ben has got to have some injury problems.

In other words, we gain almost nothing buy winning regular season games but every injury makes the playoffs harder."
"I am not rooting for the ratbirds, per se, but I'd rather they win than lose."
"I think if Cleveland wins tonight, we can lose to both CIN and IND as long as we beat Cleveland week 17 and we'd still win the division. Both teams would be 12-4 but we'd have head to head tiebreakers over CLE"
"Dang dude, guess I’m rooting for the Ravens tonight. This feels.. weird. I’m gonna need a couple showers I think."
"I really thing the most likely scenario is we finish 13-3, with a loss to the Brown's and end up with the #3 seed. I don't think Buffalo is losing again, but they play miami twice in the next few weeks.

Playing around on the playoff machine. I don't think the Brown's lose again either. I think we both end up 13-3, but we have a tie breaker. Ravens don't make it in my scenario, and the Brown's end up #5 at 13-3"
[removed]
""
Special teams has been ass as well. We saw exact why Ray Ray was let go from Buffalo. Boswell for whatever reason can't just send kickoffs out of the endzone. We consistently let teams start at the 30-35 yd line. It's so bad. Also hard to put all the blame in fichtner when half the playbook is limited due to personnel. Old ben can't chuck it like he used to and OL is just pathetic
i feel like ben doesn’t feel comfortable throwing the ball like how he used to when have you ever seen an offense with ben run plays like this
"I mean, don't get me wrong, Fichtner's Play calling has been sketchy at best over the last couple of weeks. However, he is not the sole problem here. 

- When your offensive line can't block well enough for your running back to pick up one yard at a time, that stagnates your offense. 

- When your running backs can't find the hole or pick up 3-4 yards consistently, that stagnates your offense. 

- When your receivers act like they are playing a game of hot potato and no one wants to catch the ball, that  stagnates your offense. 

- When your quarterback is making poor reads, throwing soft lob passes, and crucial interceptions, that stagnates your offense. 

Regardless of who is calling plays, if our offense doesn't start performing at an NFL level, they aren't winning games."
Danny Smith is horrible too. Butler is carried by elite talent like our OCs used to be
The offense would probably cost us a game to the jets
"No the entire coaching staff sucks. It’s sort of a Mike Tomlin tradition to annually have awful coordinators. How the fuck Danny Smith still has a job falls totally on Tomlin. Anytime an opposing kick returner makes it past the 30 yard line, that is a failure on the special teams. Unfortunately it happens way too often against Danny Smith. 

Jordan Berry sucks. Totally on Tomlin and Smith for bringing back that joke. But then again, I have no doubt that the punt coverage is just as bad as the kick return coverage; so at least when Berry shanks a 35 yard punt, there isn’t going to be a return.

Keith Butler sucks too, but he gets bailed out by talent. Look no further than Butlers refusal to double team Diggs

Mike Tomlin has become complacent. Rooney’s aren’t going to fire him, and the media keeps sucking his dick; so he won’t make any changes to the coaching staff."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[deleted]
"Considering he’s the only receiver that can do absolutely anything, he can dance on his damn head for all I care"
"I think maybe having an 11-0 record put a big target on our backs, not dancing. Everyone is gunning for us period."
"I don’t always enjoy his antics, but he’s a good natured person off the field and a tough sonuvabitch on the field. It’s all part of the game. I don’t know if one thing or another can rile up an opponent to the point where they can overcome a lack of talent. 

The bottom line is the Steelers aren’t playing well, and the injuries are beginning to take their toll. It’s the Steelers! One of, if not THE, most popular franchises in the country (of any sport). I feel like we always have a target on our back. They hate us cuz they ain’t us. 

Hopefully, the coaching staff is able to put together a game plan for the healthy guys and the injured get their rest for the playoffs ahead. We have a ticket to the tournament, which is more than what can be said for the past couple seasons. 

Here we go!"
"Is he disgracing the logo or doing the Naruto run? Either way, who cares about target on the team's backs? I'm sure you see teams of all flavors that would do what Juju does. He isn't hurting anyone"
I am fine with it.
"No because the offense can't do nothing but throw short. It's the easiest offense to defend. Id be surprised if the Bills defense even broke a sweat last night 

The most unimportant, irrelevant things get magnified in a loss. They got bigger things to worry about than Juju dancing on a logo though. 

Side note him and Washington are the only consistent players on offense.

Edit: fans really need to stop looking at NFL meme pages. Shit is only gonna rile you up and concern yourself with things that don't mean anything. That 11 point loss is misleading. Offensively as good as the Bills is they were only able to put up 19 points against a defense missing 5 starters. And a Bills defense that literally only has to defend one thing."
People need to care less about this.
I wonder if other teams will dance on the logo when playing the Steelers now.
Imagine a player coming into Heinz Field and purposefully dancing on the Steelers logo pregame. I am sure it wouldn't be a big deal at all on here....
He backs it up on the field and he's a great teammate. Nothing else matters.
Thanks boomer
He needs to stop this.
"Yeah, this is exactly why we lost the game...

He probably stayed up too late the night before playing Fortnite too, right?"
[deleted]
[removed]
Fuck off dude
How hasn't this dude been banned? Post history is just spamming subs for clicks.
[deleted]
He was the only bright spot on our offense last night so he seems like we should keep him but ok
Jesus a lot of you guys are insufferable today
This stupid shit right here. God damn this sub is insufferable some times.
Thank god the bandwagon fans are leaving. That's the best part of losing tbh. We see who the real fans are.
Lmao
"I’d only let him walk if he asks for too much money. If he expects to be paid like DeAndre Hopkins or Tyreek Hill money, he’s lost is his mind."
This is pants-on-head stupid.
intensely stupid post
"Juju is the only shining spot on offense lmfao. Line is trash, Ben has been trash, Diontae and Ebron have been trash, run game has been trash. But if there's anyone who is a priority to keep this off-season it's Juju"
[deleted]
">The logo dancing is enough for me, ya I get it ""he's just having fun"", it gets old though.

You must be awful at parties."
"If Diontae wasnt dropping everything, or if Ebron was tearing it up sure I could entertain this idea. But ultimately Juju looks like the best receiver on the team (Claypool has the most talent just isnt being used) and I guarantee you if he was let go he'll tear it up for some team next year and everyone will question why the Steelers let him go. This offense will function best moving forward with an elite deep threat (Claypool) and a great hands guy who gets tough yardage (Juju). You can build around them, just need to have some semblance of a run game so the play action will be a threat"
So since we are good at drafting WR we keep them for the first 4 years and then we let them go? Does it sound reasonable? Absolutely not. The drop passes problem is bc of our WRs are young and they lack of experience in the clutch moments. The only one with a little bit of experience (he even improved from his mistakes ex. The fumble against the ravens) is Juju and you can tell he improved so much in tough catches. We need to resign him.
you guys do know I'm mostly just trolling right?
"Re-sign Hilton as the nickel corner.  Re-sign Sutton and play him on the outside. Release Haden and save $13 million dollars. Have an elite secondary for the next half decade. 

JuJu is not a priority. 

Receivers really are a dime a dozen. I can’t emphasize enough how tough it is for the Steelers to draft really good cornerbacks. They just aren’t very good at it. And they finally have two young cornerbacks and people want to get rid of them for a Tik Toker"
"Juju this year has shown three real Steeler WR qualities but compared to all Steeler WRs idk. He has been a team player, been the guy on 3rd down, and I’ve seen him dive on fumbles more then once this year he is playing with his head first not talent 

He is essentially a 2020 Hines Ward. One of my favorite receivers but compared to like Santonio, Mike Wallace and AB he’s not special. Even compared to Claypool and DJ / JW - if DJ was actually catching the rock i think he’s long term more talented. As you can see we always get BOYS in the WR department (Remember Bryant lol? wow.) 

Juju is a great player and though I would say all the players I brought up are more explosive at the end of the day Juju is still someone you want to have on the team. Much like Ward history is positioned to remember someone who acts like a Steelers first than one who plays well in the colors.

Tl;dr - Juju is the WR we want but no one should be surprised to see him go because he could and we would be fine."
u guys dumb ash if u don’t think anyone other than juju is producing week after week only one that looks like we can count on every week. and it isn’t his fault the offense makes the dumbest decisions on the pick if ben waited a little longer he would’ve been open for a first or even a better throw he was the only receiver to do anything really in the 2nd half they need to do more with him in the passing game send him deep a lot more
""
"Hey. I was just wondering why Juju spends so much time dancing before and during games. Seems like a dumb thing to do in my opinion. Does he want to be a TikTok star or something? 

Thanks"
I honestly see juju retiring early and devoting his time to streaming and social media.
[deleted]
""
"Bell didn’t really have a horrible personality. He wanted paid and didn’t like what the Steelers were offering. That’s how it goes with any employment opportunity, correct? If you don’t like what Company A is offering then you go somewhere else. Can’t fault him for that."
I'm so sick of Bell being lumped in with MBC.  It's a business.  There doesn't have to be a good guy and a bad guy in every situation.
"I hope we take a RB in the first or second round, whether we decide to sign Conner or not.

We need an every down back just like LeVeon Bell, and Conner with either goal line carries or to sub in.

I can’t stand the Conner, Snell, Samuels, McFarland committee 

We need a big agile and quick dude like Bell, who can line up at receiver if needed"
"Bell was in all his rights to do what he did. Was he dumb not to take the Steelers offer? At first yes, now not so much. However Brown wasn't in the right, Brown is an asshole and I wish nothing but the worst."
I would not put Leveon Bell in the same category of Antonio Brown.
"Bell was solid, but AB is all time talented.  Like all time all time talented."
"How would that help? Ben can’t throw downfield and defenses stack the line against our terrible O line. Connor was great during his rookie year, and we have a really talented receiving core."
"Correct me if I’m wrong, but Bell took less money to go to a worse team for years. Granted, he failed upward to the chiefs, but still"
I’ve been a Pittsburgh Steelers fan since I was a little kid. Actually Ben’s rookie season was when I started watching them. Pittsburgh could go 0-16 and I’ll proudly wear my Steelers merch with a smile on my face! With the two losses everyone is like oh no this awful! It’s ok. So what? We could lose out and I’ll still be happy with the season we’ve had.
Super bowl or bust
I wear my Steelers gear with pride regardless the record. 11-2 right now looks better than last years 8-8 but I do think we need to start playing with some grit not making plays and not winning games makes the 11-2 look meaningless
"Look I bleed black and gold, but there’s some serious issues that were masked by ugly wins"
"I’ll support this team ‘til the day I  die, but I’ll still get frustrated every year they don’t play up to their potential. This team has a roster capable of a super bowl run, yet we’re starting the same end of season slump we did in 2018."
Easy to get frustrated now but if we were told 3 months ago that this team would be 11-2 at this point we’d all be elated.
"Pretty sure most on here will support the Steelers no matter what. The complaining is built up frustration when we have talented teams and of late we either don't make the playoffs, go one and done, or lose to an inferior opponent.   


The Steelers could and should be better. Yes, they are 11-2 but have not been trending in the right direction for weeks. This isn't just a ""We only lost two games so far! Let's all be chipper"". The future looks bleak.   


IMO, this is the window. We don't do anything this year, it could be years because we are going to be losing a good amount of players due to FA and Ben could be (should be?) gone next year or will be another year older and step slower."
For many teams that is an acceptable outcome. Those of us from Pittsburgh and throughout...anything less than a Lombardi trophy is a failure. The culture of winning all the championships in the past dictates that.
Everybody chill lol did anyone think we were gonna be 11-2 at this point anyway
"Sometimes fans seem to forget the most important part of sports, entertainment. Now granted, the offense has been everything but entertaining lately, yet people lose sight of that. One win and the sky is falling, trailing and the sky is falling, bubble screen and the sky is falling. Enjoy it for godsake. Especially, enjoy a franchise Qb. They don't grow in trees, and due to the steelers always being competitive I doubt they get another one any time soon without a lot of luck going their way"
"The day after losses stink; with that said, I try to get over them ASAP,  because I’ve grown to realize that there’s always next week to get it right. And when the season is over, win or lose, there will always be next season. 

Even when one of our current favorite player on the roster is no longer a member of the Steelers, we find a new guy to root for and support.  I agree with you. And I am optimistic that this team is far from done and has a lot of football left.. at minimum 4 more games"
Hell yeah
If someone told you in September that we would be 11-2 would you be upset? No! Not sure why people are losing their shit now...
I agree but it hurts when you had an 11-0 start just to lose two games in a row because the NFL decided to screw us by basically taking away our bye week
[deleted]
Lol what joe Haden has been perfect for us!!! How about restructuring bens contract significantly if he doesn’t retire
"I hope I’m wrong but father time will start catching up with Haden soon so releasing him might not be a bad idea. I think they can re-sign Juju, Hilton, and Sutton while letting Dupree go. Good for Bud to break the bank and I noticed yesterday that PFF has Highsmith rated as the 8th best edge defender in the league."
"Haden is a legit #1 corner.  The other guys are not.  Now if your argument is you would rather have three #2 corners instead of one #1 and one #2, then that’s a rational take.  But if you are trying to say that there isn’t much of a drop off between Haden and the other guys, you are sorely mistaken."
"I think I'd probably wait for a time other than right after the two losses where our defense was torched by opposing WRs and Haden was out due to injury...

Seems like there's some correlation there that might disprove your claim that Haden isn't worth what we're paying him..."
"Hilton is 26, Sutton is 25. They still are pretty young and they can easily become elite (Hilton is already showing it the past few games). I agree they would free up 15 mil and Haden is already 31. Release Haden, for fucks sake don’t give decastro $50,000,000. No wonder we always have cap issues Jesus, ik decastro is good but I’m definitely not giving his ass 50 mil. Who the hell is giving ben $68,000,000 FOR TWO YEARS??!!!!! Lol sorry I just ranted, the Steelers need to solve the cap like immediately"
"We’re definitely going to have to shed some money, and it just has to be Haden. The more I watch Hilton the more indispensable he seems. And Sutton seems to be on the rise. Hate to say it, but Joe and not resigning Juju are probably what’s best. Also, pairing Bud and TJ would be a dream, not sure if we can financially make that happen."
There's a lotta money tied up into Ben next season. Lots.
"Ignoring the fact that Haden has been incredible for us, releasing Haden only saves 7m in cap space. We are not re-signing both Hilton and Sutton with that."
"I'd love to see Hilton stay. The guy is a legitimate playmaker, and can do a lot of things. I dare say he's the best tackler on the team."
That is definitely not a great way of entering the playoffs. Hopefully we can right the ship.
"At this point I'm more concerned with who's on the injury report after week 17 and less about our record. We're not getting the #1 seed so we're playing in the first round of the playoffs no matter how the next 3 go.. Hopefully Haden, Spillane, Dotson, Feiler, and Williams are all available by then and no one else goes down before then. The record is what it is. Depressing as it may be, I'd rather sit some guys take an L or 2 and have a chance at playoff wins then try to win the next 3 straight."
That Sucks!!!!
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
"Not playing Derek Watt is clearly just a long con, Fitchner is setting him up for a go-ahead TD reception in the final moments of the Superbowl"
"Randy is a dumbass, but Derek Watt is not going to solve the problems of the run game."
I really had hopes that Matt Canada coming in would have resulted in James Conner being used correctly and theyd run the ball more and have more creative play calling but sadly I was wrong
Why give him that contract if you aren’t going to play him? He is the second highest paid fb in the league. (Avg per year)
I suggest using Cam Heyward in the back field for short yardage and goal line.  Either to clear the hole or run the ball.
I cannot wait to fire this man when Ben retires. I’m wondering if mason is really as bad as we think or fichtner has an Adam gase effect. Literally the least innovative OC out there
Hot take: swap Canada and Fichtner's roles.
3rd and long: HB draw
Big Ben is pigheaded too . Doesn’t like to call run plays or do play action.  We have a two headed monster in Ben and Randy.
Might as well put Derick Watt at ILB
"What I want to know is, how does a guy who looks like he lives in a truck stop bathroom, make it to offensive coordinator in the NFL?  There is no way he has even an ounce of athleticism in his body."
UNNECESSARY bomb. Important distinction
I only remember watt being used on that one goal line play against WFT and that’s it for the whole season
Put him on the bench and put in the back up play caller... Better yet just let Ben call the plays on field
Wouldn't feel right to win without Bud. Steelers are just really considerate team mates.
**do not play Claypool
"I think one thing people neglect to take into account is Ben doesn’t really play under center much because in shotgun he can get the passes off quicker and doesn’t have to take hits at this stage of his career. If we’re going to win a SB, last year proved we NEED Ben healthy. Thus, shotgun all day. The sacrifice though is that running the ball effectively out of shotgun over the course of a full season is practically impossible. So do we want healthy Ben or 100 yard rushing games for Conner? Can’t really have both."
I’m surprised there’s anything on that sheet at all. Sometimes I think he’s looking at a kids pop up picture book when calling plays to the field.
It's hilarious to me with all of the talent we have on offense that people really want a fullback in there more often.
"You guys always hate the coaching, but only from the coordinators...."
[removed]
"Honestly we have nearly no chance of getting a 1st round bye now, so I wouldn’t hate letting Ben and some other guys rest up and get healthy before the playoffs if we clinch the division."
Playoffs start in January.
[removed]
"I mean it just makes us look bad cause we are playing ass right now but juju is the only player on the offense that I feel wants to win, the dances are just his personality he’s just a happy guy, but I mean 6 catches on 7 targets for 55 yards and a td is his role, he’s meant to get the nasty yards over the middle and he’s doing it the best he can, he’s performing so I really could care less if he goes around dancing"
The whole point of playing the game is to have fun. He just wants to have fun and it’s not his fault the offensive coordinator sucks balls he catches the ball when it’s thrown to him so he has all rights to dance when he scores or before games
"I don’t understand people getting upset over things like this or Ebron congratulating Josh Allen after the game. Especially with Juju who has been great all year even with our offense being horrible. We didn’t lose the game because juju danced on their logo. He wasn’t even doing it to disrespect the Bills. 

We just recently had AB have the biggest meltdown I’ve ever seen a player have, and fans still come here and complain about some dumb TikTok video thing. It could be worse"
"Holy shit reading the title honestly cracks me up . You guys need to relax are you gonna start demanding diontae,Ben, the offensive line,etc need to change how they approach and behave pregame cause we lost. It seems like some of you guys have never been apart of a team before people have different personalities not everyone wants to go into a game mean mugging and silent"
Lol imagine dedicating your entire life to football training/practice and then some guy on Reddit sees you dancing for 15 seconds and says you don't care about football
"I don't mind dancing and having fun. That's fine. But, when you make it an effort to go to the opposing teams logo to go dance on it, that's a sign a disrespect in my eyes. On top of that, when you lose, it makes the Steelers franchise look worse."
[deleted]
Jesus Christ do you people even look to see if this has been posted 40 times before tossing it up? It's literally every day with the fucking Darnold posts...
I would mind personally but is darnold going into free agency?
Can we just get through this damn season?!!
"No matter who our future QB is, he deserves better than Fichtner at OC"
[https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/kc2usz/how\_do\_we\_feel\_about\_sam\_darnold/gfporrk/?context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/kc2usz/how_do_we_feel_about_sam_darnold/gfporrk/?context=3)
""
The butterfingers are better lol
are you sure there’s a difference?
"Damn when did it become cool to bash our own team, especially guys as crucial to our success as DJ? I remember when the users of this sub wouldn't tolerate this garbage"
"Why we hating? Sure its funny, but imagine he visits this sub or any social media, and is greeted with this shit? It's clearly a mental thing, this stuff doesn't help"
Sadly Diontae is probably the best receiver on the roster. Offense did nothing with him on the bench. JuJu is not a number one receiver
""
I mean we didn’t really give them anything else worth talking about.
Josh Allen is great and I’m glad he’s getting recognition honestly.
Josh Allen is gonna win a super bowl
Josh Allen couldn’t rotate his hip in his passing because Collinsworth was hanging off his junk all game
"""Good pass by Big Ben. nOw LeTs Go BaCk To JoSh AlLeN"""
"Cris, this is the seventh week in a row you’ve shown Josh Allen in class"
Did you know that Ben has the quickest release time of any quarterback this season? He averages 2.2 seconds!
""
"None in the past 20 years, I can tell you that.

We did have plaxico down at the one against the falcons in 02, though."
[deleted]
"Lol everyone clowning juju doesn't watch our games, he ain't close to being the issue"
Its only not okay when they lose.
Man after a loss this sub gets as touchy as a teen on her period. Who cares what people are saying?
"Steelers fans in r/nfl are the worst ""I'm embarrassed by this disgusting disrespect"" get the fuck out of here"
The whole Tik Tok thing is cringe but to it’s extremely moronic to say that’s why they lost since it gave the Bills “bulletin board material”. Nobody gives a flying fuck about it.
"JuJu is literally carrying whatever offense we have single-handedly. If he leaves and we don't do something drastic to improve the offense next year, y'all are going to miss the fuck out of him. We would be absolutely anemic without him."
"I think that you can have respect for Juju and wish that he stopped the Tik Tok shit before the game. It's not one or the other. He can do it all he wants in his spare time but focus on the game during gameday.

Bills defense came out and said they had extra fire after catching Juju dancing on their logo before the game started. If we, as fans and an overall organization think it's disrespectful for people to stomp on the terrible towel, we probably should think it's disrespectful to dance on other teams logo's as well."
He’s gone after this year anyways so who cares.
"Lol its ok let them talk. They've never won before and they're just happy to be where they are. If our team wants to bounce back they will.

If not, Buffalo has the right to run their mouths because they won. That said, it seems like they're just giving us bulletin board material lol. You'd think they completely blew us out with all their talk"
"Many people in the media are not only shitting on the Steelers, but the Steelers fanbase and how sensitive they are. I can see why now. These threads keep popping up. 

Juju is a grown ass man and making Tik Tok videos like a 12 year old girl while guys in the background are actually practicing. 

Fucking embarrassing. This is some clown ass shit."
"He’s not the reason they are losing, but he’s an immature clown dancing and tick tocking like a 16 year old girl."
I'm sure he'll still be on tiktok next year when he's with the Jets
[deleted]
Thats... not how the cap works
I suggest you do some reading on NFL salaries and how that affects the salary cap.
[deleted]
"Yes, we do do a lot of talking and dancing.. but I disagree with Allen that our guys don’t work."
Juju is cringe as fuck. Good for him. I don’t give a flying fuck and neither should anybody else. Let the guy do what he wants. It’s insanely moronic to say that had an impact on the game.
Embarassing.
"Sounds like the guy is talking rn, but maybe that's just me. We danced our way to 11-0, but 2 losses to good teams and suddenly we're done I guess"
I’m not tryna dunk on anyone or troll or be a douche. I’m just curious on what Fichtner supporters see in him that most of us don’t
"Not defending him, but

1) We don't know what plays he's calling and what plays he isn't.  So really we have no idea who's to blame for our recent struggles.  I tend to think that many of our offensive struggles are things that should be under his purview, so I think he's to blame, but none of us here are 100% sure of that.

2) Week 14 of the season is in the books.  There's 0% chance of an 11-2 team making a coaching change at this juncture of the season.  So it's not a matter of whether we ""like"" him.  He's the OC for the rest of the season, whether we like it or not."
"It's the overall lack of creativity and imagination. How is Claypool such a freak that be had so many TDs in Sept and October, but for the last month he has been held to basically nothing? The only way we get him the ball is a jet sweep or a deep go route. 

Randy is just too constrictive in today's NFL. 

And calling for a pass to Hawkins on the goal line and not sneaking Ben at least once is indefensible."
"I’m not a Fichtner supporter but I don’t think he’s as bad as a lot of people make him out to be. Fichtner is just the scapegoat. Ben has a lot of control of the offense and gets all the credit when things go well but when things go bad Fichtner gets all the blame. He deserves some credit for getting them to 11-0 and does let Ben takeover at times, something Haley refused to do."
"I think we all know OP's shtick by now that this is not an honest question, and he will not recognize objectively sensible, accurate answers.

The answer for anyone who truly is curious is that you're unlikely find anyone who ""likes"" Fichtner. The discourse is not ""People who like Fichtner vs people who don't like Fichtner."" To translate from Hillibilly speak to sensible speak, ""People who like Fichtner"" is synonymous with ""People who can criticize coaches and players alike."" Conversely, ""People who don't like Fichtner,"" is synonymous with ""People who can only criticize coaches and can never admit wrongdoing by certain players, who disingenuously ignore any sort of nuance, and default to lazily saying 'It's the coach's fault, fire him.'""

If it sounds like one side is more biased, more emotional, and less nuanced, that's because it is. It's not differing opinions of equal merit. It's nuance, versus a lack of nuance. It's scapegoating, versus looking at the whole picture. Almost everything is wrong with the offense, Fichtner is just one of many issues and we should all know that hyper-focusing on one imperfection while ignoring the countless others will not fix the unit. You can blow your load and replace your engine with the biggest and baddest money can buy, but if your steering wheel or front axle remain broken then your car still isn't going anywhere."
"It's not so much that I like him as it is that people blame him for shit that they have absolutely no idea if he was totally to blame for.

No one thinks about things with nuance. Its 100% based on what they see and they assume they know everything but when you have about 5% of the whole picture and try to come to some kind of definitive conclusion it just makes you look foolish."
"Fichtner deserves to be fired after this season. He’s a terrible OC. But can all the blame be put on him? I don’t think so. Ben calls the offence as much as Randy does. He was hired for this reason. Ben didn’t want an outside OC to come in and actually try to coach. 

If Ben comes back next year, so will Randy."
"Well, we set a record for offensive consistency this season before the drops started. Second, in his first year we led the league in redzone(after losing all pro LB). We were bottom 10 for years before that."
Wish I knew who called the deep bomb on 3rd and 4 where Ben through the game-sealing interception; without that knowledge you’re just guessing if Ben or Randy is calling the plays.
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
In fairness though Diontae Johnson is responsible for Diontae Johnson’s lack of offensive production. He gets multiple targets per game.
""
I am not a Ravens supporter. I’m not giving up on my hate of the Ravens just because it’s convenient. I would much rather watch the Browns win than the Ravens given their not so successful history and my hate for the Ravens.
I don't care.  I'm rooting for the Browns in this one.
I’ll never root for the Ravens.  The Browns have a solid team.  I would like to see them finally get over the hump.
"Fuck that, go Browns. Not that worried about them taking the division, as long as we beat Cinci they have to win their next 3, have us lose the Colts game and then beat us week 17, I don't see any of that happening. And honestly if we're not the #1 seed and get the bye idc where we fall"
No way. Fuck those RatBirds. Tonight doesn’t matter if we take care of our own business.
"No, I am a Steelers supporter.  They so happen to benefit more if the Ravens win tonight, and while I hope that happens, that doesn't make me a Ravens supporter."
"Nope. 

Nope nope nope nope nope. 

Nope."
I am cheering for the new Browns to knock out the old Browns
"No way, go Browns."
it’s only for 3 hours we will be fine🤣 but if you really enjoy it u should be locked up for life
"Damn, I thought you guys HATED us. But this is the same fan base who cheered for the browns in 2018 so I’m not surprised..."
"I never, ever thought I'd actually be rooting for Baltimore. This is uncharted territory."
"No way, fuck Baltimore. I'd rather the Browns be in the playoffs. Out of our rivals I hate the Browns the least."
""
"Great video. It isn't even just our line, it's the entire fucking team. NO ONE knows how to block, and teams couldn't be less scared of us. Embarassing!"
"Also, how does a 6’4” 240lb man get absolutely manhandled by a 5’11” 195lb DB?  And when I say manhandled, I mean Tre’Davious White made Chase Claypool his bitch on that play."
"I wish he would have showed the screen play where DeCastro was ahead of the back, had two DB’s directly in front of him, and then didn’t block either one."
Feiler looked absolutely terrible in the clips shown here.
Hey wouldnt you know there were guys open or running routes deep down the field. I was told Fichtner never calls plays with those routes in them! You mean to tell me people here are wrong about something?!?!?
"The whole receiver corps is in a slump right now, and getting out of it is going to open up a lot of things. I mean you can see the run game sucks because safeties and corners are cheating up, in combination with other things. Once the receivers start catching the ball again they’ll revitalize the offense IMO. I don’t think Ben’s deep ball is particularly bad, I think receivers just need to step up and play like they were playing in the first half or even last year."
"Our priority this off-season needs to be building an offense that can run the ball. Get a new running back in the draft, draft an offensive lineman and sign one."
"Tired of hearing that we are a mediocre team and our schedule is the easiest in the NFL. Titans, Browns (2x), Colts, Bills, Ravens (2x), WFT under Alex Smith (5-1 as a starter + the best D line in the league), and the Eagles (2nd in sacks, solid defense, and just beat the Saints)...that's 9 tough games. The Chiefs, who are touted as God-tier, only blew out two teams (Jets, Broncos) and play against the same amount of teams with winning records as we do (5: Bills, Raiders, Dolphins, Buccaneers, Saints) in an arguably easier division.

If you need even more proof we don't suck, this was my reply to the mediocre claim in that thread:

""Mediocre bunch? Besides all of the injuries to our defense (missing 5 starters last night, 3 that are on IR) we have a boatload of talent and execution is FAR from mediocre. We are allowing the least points in the league(18.2) tied leaders with Dolphins on takeaways (25), 1st in turnover differential (+11) 1st in sacks (45) 1st in rush TD's allowed (7) and the defense is on a streak of 70 games with a sack.

This falls almost entirely on the offensive play calling (unestablished run game, throws over the middle, and a lack of situational awareness) and WR drops, which kills drives. We're averaging 3 TD's a game in 2020 (ranked 11th), up 1.4 from 2019. Roethlisberger, Conner, Juju (fucking knock off the TikToks and dancing on team logos like an idiot, you're better than that!), Johnson (drops), Washington, Claypool, Ebron (drops), Pouncey, Decastro, Feiler, and Villanueva are no slouches. Randy Fichtner (and Tomlin for not lighting a fire under his ass) is single-handedly ruining our team, and any real Steelers fan knows that.""

Let's also not forget we're razor thin on LB and OL depth and we had Avery Williamson, who hasn't been on our team for two months, with the green dot on his helmet last night. 

If we can fix the offensive game planning/calling, get Conner back up to 15-20 touches a game (we tend to do well when that happens), and truly address the dropped passes, I don't think many teams can fuck with us in the playoffs other than the Chiefs, Colts, and Bills.

Let's fucking go, Steelers. Get us to that long awaited #7."
"“I don’t think many teams can mess with us in the playoffs, besides the 3 best teams in the AFC. “ 

What the hell does that even mean lmao"
"I love your positivity today lol. 

Realistically, we are a top 5 team in the NFL and the other ones on our level are just as flawed in some aspect or another. The timing of our rut is just bad/startling and I hope our defense can get healthy in time for the post season. 

Things I'm not worried about: Ben/Diontae (idc)/our RBs/Our Defense's talent level even without Bud/Bush

Things I am worried about: Our offensive line/coaching adjustments/our health"
We are what our record says we are. The boys and coaches needs to get back to the grind. Hate to say it but Ben is the one holding the offense back. He flat out refuses to run play action. This is carried over to the focus on pass blocking schemes and technique for the o-line. Maybe it’s all the new bodies on the field. Some of those throws last night were not sharp. I think there is so much bad on the offensive side of the ball to point to one singular issue.
"Arguably? Nah the chiefs division is absolutely easier. They get to play the broncos, Chokers, and the Raiders who aren’t shaping up to be as good as people thought for a while twice. And they’ve lost to one of those teams. Almost did it again too but for the sake of being consistent, almost doesn’t mean shit in this league. Now I’m not saying the chiefs aren’t elite but I just wanna see them held to same standard. 

I think a factor in it is offense bias, people see the Steelers offense stagnate in some games and the defense still holds strong and wills us to wins, meanwhile the chiefs d is lacking but look, Kermit throw ball good! I’ve seen people unironically say “Steelers only won all those games because they have a good defense” like...last time I checked, that was part of being a good team"
""
"I imagine this year or next year is Ben’s last. Hopefully we can send him off with another chip. Regardless, we gotta prepare for the future. How would you guys feel about going after Dak Prescott or Deshaun Watson this off-season? 40 million is off the books when Ben does retire."
We should just trade for mahomes instead!
The fuck is with all the shitty hot takes on the cap today? Ben still counts against the cap for $20 million even if he gets cut or retires
Opinion. Be realistic dingus
🤦🏽‍♂️
"Watson just signed a gigantic contract with Houston and I don’t see Jerry Jones giving up on Dak, so he will most likely get a similar contract, and that it not what the Steelers need right now"
How do you expect to afford either of them when we’re 21 mil over cap for 2021? We’re not gutting the team for a QB
Gimme Deshaun Watson..epitomizes what the current qb position has transformed into...he's a solid qb. Better than Dak in my opinion
"Watson already got an extension so he ain't leaving Houston

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nfl.com/_amp/texans-qb-deshaun-watson-agrees-to-4-year-160m-extension

Unless Ben retires this season Dak won't be on the free agent market long"
"Watson is staying with the Texans, even if he isn't he's not in the cap range. Prescott is just not going to be affordable. Stop posting these idiodic ideas. Call The Fan if you wanna spout utter nonsense."
I would love for the steelers to go after stafford. But we are stuck with ben
"Cannot afford either of them. Give it up. We might be able to find aQB art the bottom of a Cracker Jack box, though. That's all they can afford!"
Stafford?
""
But do you also remember all the drama that came with it?
"Ok... this one made me audibly laugh!
🙌🙌🙌"
""
"You can tell its Photoshop, the guy in the picture has hands."
And he carries a Fanny pack.  Put the football in there!
This is great if its actually your content
Dionte moncrief Johnson
Pain.
They should make him wear “End Drops” on the back of his helmet .
I was not expecting to see him back in the 4th period.
that was a solid giggle snort
"Nice fanny pack, now catch the fucking ball please."
One thing that annoys me is the thought that he will clean it up. You either have great hands or you don’t
Do this with Ebron and call it E/Rock Ebron
[deleted]
""
"Color me surprised. 
I thought he had dropped a LOT more balls than 12. 
Or is that for a single game?"
I believe he can turn ir around but is it sophomore slump
Damn Diontae is my dude too😩
""
He’s a good OC. Our line on the other hand...
""
Get 'em AAHT
"Works perfectly. Also the Jim Mora ""2nd half"" Saints rant is once again a perfect fit. I am always seem to come back to that dude's rants every season around this time of year especially."
Im so tried of this dude these jokes aren’t funny anymore.
😂
Lmao perfect 👌
Awesome
For some reason I thought it was going to be the “you shouldn’t have done that” meme
""
Will we get him back for playoff time? Any word on Dotson?
Pain
Still no word on Dotson. Which is.... good?
If you are on a contract year and playing for the Steelers you better watch out. Hilton/Sutton/JuJu/Conner all better be careful so far Feiler/Dupree/Banner have all gone down in contract years
Okorofor Dotson pouncey decastro banner
Feiler sucks.  At least as a LG he does.  Not sure Dotson is the answer either.  They need to draft some absolute maulers next year.  RT and OG.  I’m talking some dudes with mean streaks who will punish people.
""
"If I’m Tomlin I shit you not for a full fucking game we running the ball... everyone involved doing sweeps running up the middle get McCloud in there juju Dionte Claypool. Get our RBs and Derek Watt involved. Fuckin hell we runnin. Win lose I don’t give a fuck. We’re not likely to get a bye at this point we runnin.

Edit: the week after that we throwing 100% to Dionte Johnson and Ebron"
I’d give my arm to get Munchak back.
Hilariously bad O line play.
Draft OL 1st round
I tuned in at work on this play and stopped watching after. I’m bad luck
There are three blocked defenders but not one Steeler on the left side made a block. Two are chasing defenders they missed and one is on the ground.
"This is what happens when you're line is built to do one thing. Keep Ben upright. And yes they are VERY good at that, but when is the last time you remember us running left behind Big Al? It never happens. The loss of Banner is huge, he is very athletic for his size and plays really well in space. He would've been great in the run game. 

It's also sad to say but Decastro and Pouncey look like they have a  shot to be HOFers. They both have taken a step back this season."
sad part is the bills defensive line is their weakest link
"Why is this the lines fault for there being almost 9 defenders in the box? For us being a team that passes a lot, teams sure do have it figured out the rare occasions that we are gonna run lol"
This is the shotgun offense Ben wanted.  He thinks the running game just happens by magic.
Bills vs Decastro. Actually disgusted I just looked at this.
Zero blocking
I dunno why not Fieler RT Dotson LG and Jukes swing. Too late to change it now though.
What happened to giving Claypool a few carries a game? Those misdirection plays looked like they opened stuff up more later in the game
"Is this before or after Conner danced around for a couple seconds?

Not discounting the line having issues but Conner has been absolute ass too. Too much bouncing around leading to loses and running right into the pile when there is a gap next to it."
[deleted]
[removed]
""
"WR screen

Run up the middle

40 yard pass"
"run-1yard 
run to catch them off guard 😏- -2 yards
screen/slants and shit 
Punt so the defense gets more reps🥳"
"1st down: HB draw from the shotgun for no gain
2nd down: 3 yard out route
3rd and 7: deep pass with a check down for a 4 yard slant three yards short of the sticks"
"Pass, pass, pass, punt."
"1st and 10: Short crossing rout to DJ - dropped pass

2nd and 10: Wide Receiver Screen - 6 yards

3rd and 4: Inside the tackles run by Conner to the right -  after ill timed stutter step 1 yard

Punt and repeat"
Draw screen slant
"1st down: Run for no yards
2nd down: Screen pass for maybe a yard
3rd down: Bomb that goes incomplete, OR if he’s feeling bold, run for 2 yards."
"Run for a 5 yard loss 

Wr Screen for 10 yard loss

Run up the middle for no reason no gain 

10 yard punt by Berry opponent take over at the Steelers 15 yard line"
I think he thinks we get more points by running into more opposing players
Hb dive except we tell the o line we are running a screen.
Does he have 3?
"1) Screen 3yrds to left hash (drop)
2) HB draw up the middle for no gain
3) Screen to slot for 6yrds 
4) punt 
Repeat"
"(1&10) HB Dive 
(2&9) Bubble Screen
(3&7) BOMB down the right sideline"
Quick slant drop.  Bubble screen 9 yard gain. Deep pass to clay pool incomplete. 35 td punt. Repeat until 2nd quarter.
"""Biscuits N gravy"" WR screen

""Git R Done"" Run, up the middle 

""That's funny right there"" Claypool DPI corner route"
"1st down: Bubble screen to Dionte (drop) or Juju (catch and go for 4 yards). 
2nd down: Draw play. By some miracle, it gains positive yards
3rd and short. Launch it to the fucking moon"
"A lot of yall included run plays, we don't run on the first drive"
We need to start throwing more intermediate passes in the middle of the field. Ben is capable
punt.
"&#x200B;

[Player draft positions based on WalterFootball.com projections](https://preview.redd.it/eb79fjyha8561.png?width=1100&format=png&auto=webp&s=48393ebdb839ff392960375c3b581e3edb882fb0)"
"If the Steelers draft Trask, they need to immediately invest in the offensive line. Draft guys. Sign them in free agency. Whatever. Trask is a statue back there. He reminds me of Jared Goff. Not that that’s a bad thing. I’m a fan of Goff more than most; but neither one can extend plays, but can make every throw on the field."
"I was pretty big on Lance for a long time; what’s not to like? But...

I’m with you on Trask. He seems like the perfect fit for the Steelers. Trask with some offensive line in the draft/free agency...and we could get an offense going. Our scheme, while relying off a little boogie in the pocket, doesn’t rely off a runner. I think if Canada takes over and has a new guy to mold while Ben could mentor a bit, there is some potential in it.

It is pretty much unavoidable (I think?) that Ben is with us for another year. At least his cap is."
if we were to draft a qb ( not saying we will) who would it be i don’t really watch college ik the players and stuff tho
If you click that link it shows my full mock. Not sure what happened there
""
"Its always funny when Bengals fans try to talk trash like bro, you haven’t been relevant since the end of obama"
"HA! 

Spot on"
Don't you have to think about them to post this though
""
"I'm sorry but have you seen him on the chiefs or the jets?  Let's be real, the line has regressed majorly. Conner was killer in the year bell held out. Time went on and the high draft picks went to the defense, which is fine with me bush and Minkah have been amazing.  But the oline product has clearly regressed it's just a fact. It doesnt matter who's at rb, they'd struggle."
"Conner isn’t a bad back man. he’s not given the separation and holes that he needs. watch, he will go to another team next year with a better OL and he’ll have a great year"
"Bell was amazing.

But lets not forget that we had a perfect storm of a great OL in their prime, with Mike Munchak at the helm. We also had a passing game that set opposing defenses on their heels and made it impossible to stack the box. 

I know we never took home a Lombardi during that era, but man, I sure did love watching that machine operate."
"Nah, son. You see him on the Jets? With this O-line playing in front of him, he’d be just as pedestrian."
Dude is a shell of himself. I’ve seen more burst and upside from Derek Watt.
AB was way more beneficial than LB was lol. LB ran for less than 4 ypc his last year here
i dream of heath miller
Amen
Levon bell had done nothing in 2 years had has left Pittsburgh nothing
""
"The Steelers have always been very loyal to their staff and players, and this is the downside that comes with it. They often seem to keep deadweight around for a year or two longer than they need to."
"I do know this for a fact.  If Dionte could catch a ball those first two plays do get us a first.  After that, god knows what."
"I love how the Rooney's are loyal to their staff, but they just don't know when to let them go when it's necessary. 

If they keep Fichtner around for next year.... oh boy."
"Biggest gripe I’ve had with Tomlin’s Steelers over the years is when something gets figured out and straight up doesn’t work, his teams seem to double down on it. I don’t dislike Tomlin as our coach at all but I dislike that"
Every team scripts the beginning of every game. First 10-20 plays at least.
Wait Alex has turned on Randy...wow last week he was very critical I think yesterday turned him
I still think he is around because of Ben. Ben gets to call plays because Randy isn’t wound to question him
Down side to the Rooney’s. They’re far too loyal
I've been saying this for the last year. There is no greater indictment on Fitchner than the offense being consistently awful on opening drives. That is 100% on the OC
"Okay, so real talk: what good young innovative OC’s-to-be are out there and available?"
The Steelers offensive philosophy early in games is to probe and prod and test things and figure out how the defense is going to try to defend them so that they can start doing things to take advantage of that. Slow starts are partially by design.
"One has to wonder...if they're scripting the first X plays, why don't they do it in a hurry up offense to at least gain that advantage over the defense?

I liked how after that one game several weeks ago where they scored on the opening drive they were all like ""You guys can stop talking about that now.""  Sorry guys.  One fluke where your opening script works isn't enough to convince anyone your problem with slow starts is fixed."
They're keeping Fichtner because Ben wants to keep fichtner.  Don't be fooled.  It ain't just Randy who's responsible for shitty play calling.  Ben is a 17 year QB playing in empty stadiums.  There's literally never been a better time to check out of a bad call if he wanted to.
[deleted]
"[X] Doubt

The Bills were fucking terrible in the first half. If it ""gave them fire"" they would have come out firing on all cylinders. Allen looked like bootleg Tommy Maddox in the first half. Everyone just looking for a Bills storyline to make them look better than they are. They beat an injured Steelers defense and a team with quite literally, no offense lol."
No it really doesn’t.
Fuck the bills
Weird how you guys are calling Poyer a liar instead of acknowledging Juju being an idiot
"Just as the title says, I can't remember any plays of the top of my head that included pre-snap motion last night. What give?  Seemed like that was the bread and butter of the successful offense we had to start the year."
There was. Announcers even pointed out that Bills always react to pre snap motion. We just don't do the sweeps anymore because those weren't working for a while now.
Ben probably didnt like it so they shitcanned it.
I think chase claypool had a jet sweep in the first quarter
"I know that he’s been wildly inconsistent this season and drops are his middle name, but I think that benching really helped. I’m well aware that it’s too early to tell, but in the limited action he got after that he seemed a lot more focused and a lot more confident, so let’s hope he can keep this up."
Probably no one is beating him up more than he is himself.
"You could tell he was upset on the sideline, we know what he’s capable of and I expect him to bounce back forsure."
He needs to step up but I won’t kill him. Too many other culprits. Whole offense needs to play A LOT better.
"The guy is open majority of plays and he’s our best receiver after reception, and he’s been on his game all year. It’s all mental right now, he’ll be just fine. But i have to say, “fans” dogging the guy constantly isn’t going to help him, I wish we could be more supportive."
"His performance has been bad as hell, but he's not guilty of the team situation, out OC is trash, it seems our QB is injured and that doesn't help at all, a lot of things around the team right now don't help, Diontae is just a part of it."
I thought the Steelers handled that perfectly. Sit him for a couple quarters and put him back in in the second half where he caught four balls.
Thank you for this. The sub has been gross lately with kicking the man while he’s down.
No hes complete trash i want him off my fucking team
"Tomlin needs to stick to hire guns and bench whoever can’t catch the ball for whoever can. It’s a young squad and that WR1 spot can be anyone’s at this point I think. I get he’s “flashy” and I think he’s a big play kinda guy too but you are a professional athlete now, second year at that. Be better Diontae."
Yeah .. no.
At least he’s not Tic Tok’n midfield. Imagine if a player did that to a terrible towel?
"I'd definitely lean for Baltimore, as much as saying that leaves a nasty taste in my mouth

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kdatkr)"
"Ratbirds... A Baltimore win means the Steelers can clinch the division by beating the Bengals next week.


But after rooting for those bastards in purple, make sure you take a shower."
Steelers clinch the division with a Ravens win.
Y'all are pussies for hoping the Ravens take care of the browns for you
""
Would love to see what this sub would have looked like in 2008 when the Titans blew us out to claim the #1 seed.
It's not even the defense. The defense is fine. I think we give up at least 24 points still to the Bills even with a healthy defense. They are good. The offense is playing like shit. Quick passes and runs for a yard or two. It's gets pretty easy to catch on after a quarter. I mean jesus christ we can throw three completed passes and still have a 4th and short. These young WRs are quick and elusive give them time to run routes maybe they won't drop so many.
"The offense is really really not good. All the major injuries are on the defensive side and they have looked competent over the last 3 weeks.

You can’t blame injuries for continuing to run the same formation over and over. Removing the pre snap motion we were doing earlier in the year. And DJ leading the league in drops. 

If Claypool doesn’t draw PI or the defense doesn’t give them a short field this offense is anemic at best.

I’m not saying they weren’t doing good things early in the year but they got figured out by good defenses and have shown no interest or ability to adjust. And then took things away from an already predictable offense (pre snap motion).

I’m hoping they use the Bengals to try some new stuff out and right the ship. But I fear we will sneak out a W doing the same old stuff and will come back to reality against the Colts."
Thing is it might be too late to fix it or recover
And 3 games in 12 days
They tried the sweep with Claypool one time and it got blown up after that they went away from it. That's another thing... Get that kid more involved in the offense. He's so much more useful then trying to cause a Pass Interference.
"ESPN Analysts: “Nobody gets rid of the ball quicker than Ben this season”

...Yeah no kidding. He’s throwing 3 yard passes and not allowing the receivers to anticipate the throw. It’s not a good thing"
"I am honestly not terribly surprised by the recent losses.  They have been working on the assumption that there will be a game to play every week since September, of course they are tired, and more injury prone.  it sucks.  I just hope everyone can get healthy and do well in the playoffs."
"And the injuries aren’t even the issue. The defense is still great. Not saying they don’t miss Bud, Bush and the rest, but they’re holding it up. 

Now, the offense, they need to change a lot. They don’t need rest."
It’s because the offense can’t stay on the fucking field for more than 4 plays at a time
Is there any chance to just win the division and then rest everybody?
My reaction when I hear Myles Garrett is the Browns' Walter Payton Man of the Year nominee.
"I'm confused, was week 4 not a bye?"
WFT with Alex Smith is a different animal than with Dwayne Haskins or Kyle Allen and BUF is very obviously a top contender who is just now getting healthy. Some of y’all need to chill
fIrE tHe CoAcHeS!
You've had two byes you just don't want to admit it and like to play victim.
Hoping for a Ravens win. *Slaps myself in the sack* did I really just say that? Hate to say it but the Browns are catching up and need to be stopped.
"it's honestly a giant bowl of not giving a fuck, to be honest

Steelers need to just win, and not worry about anyone else at this point"
"My first instinct is to root for Baltimore but I really don't want the stress that would come with staring down a #2 vs #7 first round game against them, and it'd also just be hilarious if they miss the postseason. This one is tough."
"I live in Ohio, Browns fans are insufferable. Fuck the Browns"
"I feel dirty rooting for either, but I'd rather the ratbirds win cause then the doodoos aren't right on our ass."
"Rooting for the Ravens (yuck), I hate browns fans the most and their pain sustains me."
a fucking tie. that way neither of them wins.
Asteroid
"Would rather a Ravens win (just threw up in my mouth a little), but I think the Browns win 28-17."
"Used to live on Cleveland.  Im rooting for the browns.  What the ravens did to the browns,  is unforgivable.  Im taking this resentment to my grave."
"I kinda have a soft spot for the Browns since Dad is a fan and he’s 82.  That being said, I forget what Browns fans are like when they are anywhere above .500. The think they already won something. I chalk that up to a large portion of Browns fans are Buckeye fans whose douche baggery know no bounds.  Sorry Dad. Go Ravens"
"I know they're the rivals, but the Ravens need to win. I felt bad for the players being exposed to the Covid BS. So tonight...just this one time...I'll root for the ratbir....I mean....ravens"
Personally I’m not sure how much it matters at this point
"Not rooting for either, my psychology is that I’m rooting for the best scenario for the Steelers. Makes me feel less dirty."
My thoughts are we don't want to meet any divisional rival in the playoffs. I guess the Ravens winning is the best chance at preventing that?
"Don’t think it really matters, I haven’t seen anything over the last couple weeks that makes me think we’ll do much in the postseason.  Everything we do on offense allows the opponent to put 8 in the box and shut us down.  Our defense has to spend so much time on the field, they’re dead tired by the 4th quarter.  Another season of “what could have been”."
"... So I hung up  and dialed 911, assuming that was code for him being held for ransom.


Seriously, Fuck the Ravens."
Fuck rooting for the Ratbirds. If we can't win 2 of 3 or 1 win against the Browns we don't deserve the division. I'd rather the Ratbirds miss the playoffs.
I know in theory we want the Ravens to win I find myself still rooting against them. If we can’t win what we need to to win the NFC North(AFC I meant lol) than we don’t deserve it. Fuck the Ravens
"I mean it works to our benefit if they win this game, if they don’t the browns are only one game behind us. I don’t know about you, but the Steelers offense has looked awfully sketchy to me lately and I’d rather us not be the laughing stock of the NFL if the Browns were to some how overtake the division."
I’m 100% rooting ravens lol
[deleted]
Think the north may come down to beating them last game of season
Doodoos getting some friendly fumble bounces and penalty calls.
Nfl trying to get browns a win tonight
Entertaining but very sloppy game so far.
Nah
Lamar from the locker room lol
So your saying Browns take the North?
""
looking back at 2017 offense and imagining this defense 😭 together we would be unbeatable
"Oh, it's third and 2 and we're just outside of field goal range? Better throw a bomb deep downfield to Benny Snell, they'll never see it coming."
One “wasted possession” coming right up
"Even having LeVeon Bell would be a major upgrade to out offense.  He'd have 150 plus yards receiving per game with Fichtner as coordinator.  At least then, all the screen passes and running back draws would make sense."
"The only team in the NFL that has punted more than us is the Jets. (62 punts vs 65 this season).

It's a fucking miracle we have any wins at all lol"
Lmao pretty much
No no no.  It's run up the middle for 1 on first down.  Shitty screen on 2nd down.  Throw 5 yards short of the 1st down on 3rd.  And a small punt.
"I know we are supposed to root for the Ravens to win but I just can’t do it.. Fuck the Ravens. If we can’t win the division after starting 11-0, then we don’t deserve it."
Rooting for the meteor.
u no what u don’t have to root for the ravens cause if they still win they help us out but that don’t mean we gotta cheer for them no what i’m saying
"If we can secure the division before week 17, we can make it an effective bye week"
"I feel you. I don't really have anything against the browns and I was really hoping they would put the Ravens down. Either way, that was one of the best games I've seen all season."
The enemy of my enemy still ain’t my friend
Nah I'm fully supporting them right now
"Fuck Baltimore, I'll never root for em in any circumstance. Like you said, if we cant clinch up then we dont deserve it."
"I’m going for browns. The way I see it: who do I NOT want to see in the playoffs. That’s the Ravens.

Steelers made playoffs anyways and I’ve given up on the 1 seed. So it doesn’t matter about winning the division to me."
I was really hoping for a tie. Because that would’ve muddied the waters so much not just for these two teams but for the whole playoff picture.
Scorching hot take: Lamar Jackson is not a quarterback.
"Rooting for the Ratbirds is like sleeping with your sister. Sure she's a great piece of tail with a blouse full of goodies, but it's just illegal. Then you get into that whole inbred thing. Kids with no teeth who do nothing."
Ravens need to lock it up rn. Momentum is shifting hard.
fuck THE RAVENS
"This game was crazy, Browns will roast us."
[deleted]
I would rather put something spiky in my ass.
"Matt Canada and Josh Dobbs for OC 2021

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kdcpj3)"
Haley turned our offense into a juggernaut. He was just overcomplicated in the redzone. Fichtner is literally ass.
Haley is more trash as a person and Fitchner is more trash as an OC.
Todd Haley and Arians would run laps around Fitchner.
"Idk I was a fan of Todd Haley until it seemed like his ego was getting the better of him. He and Randy seem like two leaves from the same branch. But people really need to understand Todd Haley completely built the system to which we’ve had so much offensive success over the years.

Randy isn’t a flashy OC but he’s done good things for us too. I really didn’t think he deserved the job but he improved our offense in 2018. Idk what to say this year. His play calling has been terrible. So has our OL though, it’s hard to play call when you have to throw out 3/4 of the play book because the line can’t handle it."
fuck it the defense can do it by them selves 🤣
Haley ran the ball and utilized the weapons he had on offense. He too loved the fucking bubble screens but he was doing that more early on to protect Ben from himself.
Stop the cap lol our offense was way better under Haley and even arians.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
I get that keeping Ben healthy means getting his body away from some of the traffic in the trenches but this offense seems broken in some fundamental ways. There’s no physical presence on the line of scrimmage. The offense has no creativity despite having several plus skill position players. I’m happy to blame Fitchner but I like to ask the question the might answer why Tomlin is going with this.
"Being in shotgun helps our shitty line because it gives them more space to maneuver. Also allows Ben extra time to scan the defense before the pressure gets to him. 

Play action only works with a threat of a run game AND solid line play. We have neither."
"Letsgo pretty much covered it.  Play action takes more time than our like can block for.  As far as shotgun, Ben seems to want to do that.  Helps him scan the D, but he may also not like playing under center because of the risks to his knees (lot more legs to avoid).  It hurts the running game for sure without a dynamic runner, but our blocking isn’t going to cut it either way."
I think it is Ben's preference.
No PA is on Ben. He doesn't like turning his back to the defense.
""
News flash: some nfl players are drowning in women and are unfaithful.
>NYPost
Fake news
"Ah yes, the stalwart of journalistic excellence that is the NY Post..."
NY Post is trash. Who gives a shit about some bitter side piece.
Honestly I’ll probably get downvoted to oblivion but who gives a fuck?  Shitty thing to do on the players part but whoever it is isn’t paid by this team to not have side chicks.  As long as he isn’t doing anything that could get him fined or suspended I don’t care what consenting adult he sticks his dick in.
"First of all, NY Post...

But second of all, even if it’s true, who cares, 8 feel like it’s something that definitely could’ve just been handled in house, idk the need to expose him other than for attention. It almost feels like a r/ihavesex post on her part lol"
"Lol, the NY Post"
"I love how she says she doesn’t care he’s with other girls until she finds out one has the label of “official GF” which makes her a bottom feeder so she rats him out bc she ultimately thought she would be the one. 

Lol. He’s a douche but so is she. I fucking hate what social media has done to the human psyche."
The question now his who is the player. Sure it doesn't matter as long as he's bringing it on the field but still kinda wanna know lol
Lol why you always trusting THOTS.
[deleted]
"Been a fan since the 70’s, bleed black and gold/yellow. I’m not a fair weather fan. I’m here through thick and thin! 

To those that want to go...bye."
You clearly never even read through the game day threads during games we actually won.
"I must say being around this sub for awhile now it has gotten a lot better . I don’t like all the turning on our team stuff but at the end of the day it stems from passion and love for the game. I spoke with my dad about it earlier and it’s like if you cheer for a baseball team and they play like garbage , we’ll they’ll play tomorrow or even later that day as a double header. In football it’s once a week , the anticipation is much greater and the weight of the loss is much more significant. 

That being said I am someone who is also fed up with people saying foolish things. I post positive things that apart a convo . Not saying I’m perfect some people may think I’m a bozo cuz I don’t post harsh things so in no way am I saying I’m a perfect example , I guess All I’m saying here is we all process a loss differently and if it means anything this sub is actually very very positive and is filled with a lot of insightful people , I wouldn’t close the door just yet. Cheers man"
"I live 20milea outside da burgh, ain't no escaping it even if I wanted to. I'm not even mad though, this has been a great year so far aside from the fucking injuries that won't fuck off... But yeah, Go Stillers!"
"Steelers fans aren’t very nice. Now I know why people say, “Ohhh, you like the Steelers?”"
[deleted]
I think it is ok to be upset or frustrated with how the team has been playing lately. But I agree that the excessive hate and lack of support is totally overreacting and does no good to neither the team nor the fanbase.
Ask any yinzer if they’d take 11-2 and 2nd in the AFC back in August and they’d be salivating.  They lost the 1 seed.  But they’ll have their shot.  They’ve played a bunch of games in a short period and have had some bad COVID scheduling circumstances and injuries.  They’ll get it turned around for a good run.  It won’t be easy but when have any of the Super Bowl runs?  Hopefully Cincy is what the doctor ordered.  They’re not playing their best football now but have set themselves up to have a few off weeks by winning so many to start the season.  I am enjoying not having to scoreboard watch this year!!!
I love my boys... I’ve been seeing the flaws since Dallas. Teams with incredibly fast offense and even faster defenses are gonna give us problems. Bills defense was a confirmation. Corners were RIGHT UP against our WR all game. THEY KNOW WHAT WE ARE RUNNING! It’s so obvious and yet this is all we got. Ben can’t run and Conner is compromised. I’m very surprised we were able to last this long doing the same thing over and over again. But hey if it ain’t broke don’t fix it. Except it is broken now so what’s the fix? I have no idea.
Apparently a hot take around this sub but you can still be a fan and be critical of the team you’re rooting for...
Seems to be a lot of hate watching fans every gameday thread. I'm bummed with the injuries and lack of run game but if watching football made me that angry I'd find a new outlet/hobby. Some of y'all need therapy.
""
"I re-watched parts of last night's game and one thing that caught my attention was that Ben's throws looked a bit off. It's like he was just trying to push the ball with his arm and there was no support from his legs. I am not an expert but something didn't look right, it's like there was no weight transfer at all. Maybe the knee injury he suffered in the Cowboys game is still bothering him? It would also explain the complete lack of practice before the Washington game."
Yep. You can tell the difference from the beginning of the season.
Duck Hodges super bowl run????
"The real question is, when isn't he?"
No. Look I love Ben but he’s just old. He’s run down. The fact he’s still playing somewhat well is remarkable but he’s just playing like an old man now. Which would be working out fine if our receivers could catch the ball
I’d heavily consider playing Rudolph. They sat Ben in 2011 and that was with the division on the line. The division is all but clinched now and they basically need a miracle to get the bye. They should be able to beat Cincy with Rudolph.
[deleted]
i laughed and frowned
I just cackled audibly
"9 rushing touchdowns in a single game. Basically an NFL record.


I hope Fichtner didn't see today's game. He's going to have a stroke just by trying to comprehend how 2 teams can run the ball efficiently."
So what’s the scenario now? We beat the bengals and were the champs of the north? Or do we have to beat the browns too?
What is a run game? You mean that things where we give the ball to James Connor to intentionally lose a down?
Steelers would get destroyed by both browns and ravens as they sit right now.
"I missed the third quarter, why the hell is McSorley in the game

Edit - spelling"
this game is exciting as hell....we wouldn't even be able to compete like this presently.  ravens better not fuck us
Yup
I can’t wait till in the coming years we get rid of fichtner and eventually have a good run game and play calling. Hopefully we still have Keith butler then too and most of our defensive guys to get a super team.
Glad the ravens won. I was nervous we'd lose the division if the browns had won.
Our offensive line needs to be just as retooled as our gameplans
Really want the Steelers to draft Najee Harris.
Yeah pretty much
Add play calling to the list too
"Not only a running game. But a quarterback who is mobile as well. 

Don’t get me wrong, I love Ben. He can definitely still throw, but I think it’s time to start grooming his replacement."
Gus Edwards is like the Ravens 3rd best running back but he’d be a starter for us
I was thinking about how much I miss it the whole game.
The fucking Ravens are getting it together.
How about first round running back and incorporating watt into run blocking
Lev Bell....
I too think that The Steelers should preternaturally have a #1 ranking in all aspects of football every season.
Funny because I remember when that was all they did.
"I have never understood why they don't do qb sneaks more often. Ben is a big strong guy, and yet when they get on the goal line hell stay in the gun.

In fact, I don't understand why they stay in the gun every play.

In fact, I don't understand why they even pretend to try and run it. Why do that when you can throw it 75 times?"
Losing Munchak has been a huge problem. That coupled with Fichtner being totally inept and we cannot run the ball.
I wonder if that guy the Chiefs just signed this season will be available soon... /s
"Run game, pass game, hell at this point I'll even take the rapper ""The Game"". Shit is getting out of hand boys..."
Or an offense that is willing to attack multiple levels of a defense consistently throughout a game
