text
""
Ebron posted it lol
"This is where I’d put my run game.

IF I HAD ONE!!"
We're 9-0 not 16-0. Gotta take it week by week
Much too early for this.
Dinkleburg....
I keep my L in a foil pouch personally.
[deleted]
Please leave
I’m so confused with this post.
[removed]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
"I’ve been living outta PGH for for a few years so I miss the local radio and coverage of the team. I can’t find an updated 2020 version of “Here We Go.” 

Anyone know if one has been done?"
i can give you a website to watch it on but not a radio version
""
"We’re definitely the worst 9-0 team in the league right now...


And the best


And the ONLY BABY 

MOST HATED, OVERRATED UNDEFEATED TEAM IN THE LEAGUE"
"<Steelers win the Super Bowl>

“tHe sTeElErS aRe WiThOuT dOuBt ThE wOrSt sB-wInNiNg TeAm EvEr”"
"I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again for one last week. 2013 Chiefs started 9-0, ended 11-5 and lost in the wildcard round at Indianapolis. So no we are not the worst 9-0 team ever, not even close."
"Well SOMEONE has to be the worst, but we're still a 9-0 team, so who cares. We've never had a better start to a season, and I for one just feel so proud and grateful I got to witness it."
wE HaVeN'T BEatEN aNyBoDy gOOd
This self loathing is getting a little out of hand. Are we a perfect team? No. But to pretend like we’re not elite or somehow we’ve been “lucky” is equally untrue.
Our season reminds me of Peytons final Super Bowl win with the Broncos. Great Defenses can really carry a team!
"I haven’t been super into football that long, but is this the worst our run game has been in recent years? I feel like our offense is so horrendously one dimensional a team like the rams or colts could shut our offense down bad and win an ugly 17-10 game, I also don’t know much though"
I'm banned from the Bengals sub and I don't feel like lurking but I wonder if they're still insisting we only have played bad teams.
I’m a Chiefs fan and can confirm the 2013 Chiefs are certainly the worst 9-0 team.
By default we are the worst 9-0 team...BECAUSE WE ARE THE ONLY 9-0 TEAM AHAHAHAH
"Damn. I made the same meme in the discord last week but didn't post here. All of that lost karma, the hugh manatee!!

I can't wait until this meme says ""worst championship team""."
"Folks are just mad because we can win games without a strong run game. Ben can just throw all game. Defense is bend but don't break, and we're getting turnovers.

As usual, people are just hating to hate. Fuck them all tbh."
I got a jar of dirt!
The chiefs have had a worse schedule and they have a loss
[Worst undefeated team ever.](https://frinkiac.com/meme/S08E14/962260/m/d29yc3QuCnVuZGVmZWF0ZWQgdGVhbS4KZXZlci4=)
They’re averaging 30 points a game. While their opponents are averaging 19 against them.
What really scares me is the idea that after we catch our first L we’re going to dissolve and lose all momentum. Especially if it’s to anyone other than the ravens or bills.
They still missed Danny Marino in the draft....
This is my favorite
"I said this for ~~8~~9-0. Great minds think alike

https://reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jux4y3/_/gci70lz/?context=1

Edit: correct numbers"
In all seriousness I think they're pretty good idk. Fans nitpick because no team is perfect but their record sure is!
This is like every team in 2020
There is already enough nonsense in the press these days to answer such a amateurish take on a undefeated professional football team even for fun.  Sometimes sports conversation for sake of conversation is idiotic given how many professional sports reporters and analyst there are ........Go Steelers!
🙌🏼🤣
*urinating tree yinzer intensifies*
yasssssss perfect
STAIRWAY TO SEVEN BABY!!!
It's hard to beat a good team. It's even harder to beat a good team that's having fun.
This is fantastic
Excellent
I wonder if that's true. Y'all have had some squeakers.
[removed]
"ok, for inventing steel they sure dont know how to spell it"
k bye
"I didn't realize today was show and tell for primary school, so I have nothing to share. My bad!"
"""The earliest known production of steel is seen in pieces of ironware excavated from an [archaeological site](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archaeological_site) in [Anatolia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anatolia) ([Kaman-Kalehöyük](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kaman-Kaleh%C3%B6y%C3%BCk)) and are nearly 4,000 years old, dating from 1800 BC.""

""The Steelers were named in honour of Sheffield's industrial past, much like the [American football team of the same name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_Steelers) based in [Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh,_Pennsylvania), the sharing of nicknames is merely a coincidence. The [American football](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_football) team actually predates Sheffield's team by 58 years and was already popular worldwide due to their dominance in the [National Football League](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Football_League) in the 1970s. Sheffield and Pittsburgh are considered [sister cities](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sister_cities).[\[2\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_Steelers#cite_note-2)""

But congrats on your first cup win or whatever."
ok
""
This list says it was published today but it's a week old. That's weird.
This is last weeks.....
The website doesn't even have records correct.
steelers are the best team in the league until proven otherwise
"Seems pretty accurate. I’d put the Bills over Ravens and Saints though, they’re looking very good. Also put TB at 10, Titans and Dolphins move up 1."
[removed]
[deleted]
"Started fucking around with a new art program and liked how this turned out. This year is too much fun so far, gotta commemorate it.

Well. Football-wise..."
Yo this is too dope.  Hope to see an update next week!
""
"Thank you for filling the hole Troy left in my heart :,)"
It’s absolutely crazy how much he has helped our defense since last year. Happy bday Minkah!
That first pick could have been anything. It could have been Minkah Fitzpatrick.
Damn I wish his birthday was tomorrow because mine is.
"One of the best, I wouldn’t say THE best"
[removed]
[deleted]
"Wait aren't you guys 1-8? Sure we've had some weird losses over the years, but y'all are terrible and haven't done anything over the years...so..."
"Please use this thread to post any trash talk about next week's opponent. Some people from their sub may come here to do the same, so please:

**DO NOT DOWNVOTE VISITORS FOR USING THIS POST CORRECTLY. IT'S A TRASH TALK THREAD.**"
Guys let’s take this one off
"We sent in double agent Josh Dobbs, but all he came back with was [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QHVAZvsXQeM) and [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBqY-4oDWAQ) of Jaguars practice. It was less than useful."
The game isn’t in Pittsburgh - we don’t have a chance.
"There’s a word in Pittsburgh for this year’s Jags team. Coincidentally, that word is also jags. Jaggos. Jagoffs. You know, jags. They play like jags. They lose like jags. And they’ll probably trap game us just like a jag would do."
"You guys have a habit of losing to the Jags under the spotlight. As a Jags fan, fully embracing the magic of the Draft, please don't screw this up for us. I want to see Big Ben tossing bombs all the way to our #1 pick. 1-15!!!"
[deleted]
"Am I sleeping on the Luton Futon?  Yeah, I'm sleeping on the Luton Futon."
YOU WILL RESPECT THE TANK.
I bet you guys only beat us by 10 points!
"I said it to myself all last year. Lamar sucks, it was only a matter of time before the rest of the NFL figured out his schtick, happened with Vic, happened when wild cat was supposedly the next big thing. Just be a running back already."
"ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS BACK WHERE I GREW UP IS A JAGS FAN AND HE WAS SO JEALOUS I GOT TO SEE YOU GUYS LOSE TO ATLANTA IN PERSON LAST YEAR.  HE IS GETTING MARRIED ( TO A STEELERS FAN) NEXT SUMMER AND I WAS THINKING ABOUT GETTING HIM A JERSEY, WHICH PLAYER ON  YOUR DUMPSTER FIRE TEAM IS WORTH BUYING A JERSEY OF? JOSH ALLEN?  OR SHOULD I WAIT FOR YOUR NEXT QB INSTEAD? JUSTIN FIELDS MIGHT BREAK THAT OHIO STATE BAD QB STREAK."
"As a long time Jag fan; I can honestly say that beating the hell out of Steelers in their house Twice in one year and doing it twice are some of  my fondest Jag memories.  Last time (2017)we did it with Blake Bortles & he kicked your butt. Yeh old memories...I'm a Jag fan 
 in 2020 & thats what we have ,  memories. Pathetic.... Dont come here & screw things up for us."
"You guys KNOW the undefeated dream would be OVER if it was played in Heinz Field.   
     
But since it's in TIAA enjoy helping our tank and your free win"
IF YOU GUYS SOMEHOW LOSE THAT'LL BE REALLY EMBARASSING FOR EVERYONE INVOLVED
Fred Durst is from Jacksonville.
"Please use this thread to post any info you wanted to share about this week's opponent including weaknesses, strengths, or info on lesser-known players you think will have an impact.

If you are a fan of the opposing team, feel free to add in your two cents about the same topics above and/or ask us about the Steelers."
Tomlin should play the 2017 playoff game on a continuous loop in all the team facilities this week to make sure we don't overlook the Jags yet again.
Hoping to see a cakewalk this week. I know Jacksonville has been one of Ben's demons for some time so would love to see us come out firing.
It would be the Jags coach 100th loss. Can we please help him with that milestone?
They’re terrible and we are undefeated. I expect this to go down to the wire.
"I think we finally should see two impressive performances in a row.  The Steelers have tape on this rookie, so he won't be an unknown threat, and the Jaguars defense will not have a good time stopping this passing attack, but I want to see the Oline start making lanes and giving Connor some room to run this game.  If Decastro can't do it put in Dotson, I don't care if hes a vet he needs to be able to run block."
this game will go how our games against Jacksonville usually go.  19-17 final
"Can’t overlook this team. Luton is going to want to make a statement, and they took Green Bay the distance. 

It’s another game that on paper we should handle easily, but might end up looking more like the Cowboys game. Ben typically clutches up @ Jacksonville for whatever reason, even all the way back to that Ward GW catch."
"I've had JRob and Chark on my FF team and watched more jags games than I ever want to again after this year. My perspective is JRob is very good, but he's allergic to the endzone. This is largley due to the Jags redzone playcalling being abysmal. The Jags will often find themselves down big by halftime and abandon the run completely or teams adjust to force Luton to pass and he's just not that good. Chark is a beast, but he's not QB proof. They lost Westbrook for the year, and this hurt their WR depth. Keelan Cole is a good special teams player but average WR.  In short, their offense is really bad.

A lot of people pointing to last weeks Greenbay matchup being close as a concern. Greenbays defense is hot steaming trash. If Z. Smith isn't making plays, they've got nothing else. Jags also had a kick return TD. I will give the Jags defense some due credit here. The Greenbay offense is good, and they got a few stops on them to make it a game. 

Overall, I'm painfully aware of the jags/steelers history, but this team isn't those teams. I'm not concerned. A lot of flukey stuff would need to happen for the Jags to knock us off. Relax my dudes. Save some anxiety for thanksgiving."
Jacksonville is the real trap game 👀👀👀
"Jags fan here, I think you all win this week absolutely, the question of how easily I think will just come down to both teams play calling, your roster crushes ours in talent so I only think it’s close if say your offense overthinks and gets too run heavy (our secondary is hot trash, no way in hell we can cover Juju, Claypool and Dionte). And on defense for y’all I think taking away the deep ball will just make Luton inevitably run into mistakes. Even if we have say an 8 play drive, it’s only a matter of time before he ducks one for Minkah to grab

I think last week is a bit of a mirage, Packers got too in their heads with playcalling, and the wind really hampered both offenses (after Luton’s first deep ball attempt got swatted by the wind he never really tried again)"
"Just please, don't hurt any of our young guys.

This season is a wash, and we're already down Lambo.

Soon we rid the team of Wash, and Marrone in a combo.

So please, go out there and beat our guys."
"I wouldn't be surprised if we played lax because we have a short week with the Ravens coming up then on Thanksgiving. Ideally, we would get up big on them early so we can rest our starters, but that's not the Steelers way."
"Jags fan, I come in peace. Curious about the backfield situation in Pittsburgh. I'm the dynasty owner of McFarland, so I'd love to hear the insights that folks that follow the team have on the backfield. My outsider view is that Conner is the bellcow until the end of the year, but going forwards, McFarland emerges as the clear 1 as the team moves on from Conner, no? It just seems like he's been very inefficient and McFarland moves real nice.

Or is it mostly the team kind of moving away from the run game because the offensive strength lies with the WRs more than the RBs and O-line? Thanks for any answers."
AFC Central >>>
[deleted]
God hates the jags
They have more film on this QB than the Cowboy’s backup. Hopefully that’ll save us from the stress the Dallas game gave us.
"Well,  I don't know about you guys but I'm absolutely fucking terrified."
I hate the Steelers but I also hate my Jags - hoping for a tie!
"Do we take a QB or RB in the first two rounds this year. I don't know who is leaving this off season. I just enjoy speculating about draft picks.

Oops, wrong thread."
Flair check
"MVP talks are around Mahomes, Rodgers and Murray. Why not Big Ben?"
"It seems like if the idea is to have pockets of fans distanced from each other they could get a good 30-40% more people in by opening the upper bowl and selling socially-distanced clusters of seats up there.

Is there a reason they're not doing this or a plan to start doing so?"
I think they are only allowed x number of people in the stadium and the fan amount fits in the lower area.
"That's also 30-40% more people at the gate, at the concession stands, in the hallways, and in the bathrooms."
I think that the days of spectators at games are going to come to an end today.
If things keep going the way they've been they're going to leave all the seats open.
""
"So deep fried I feel like I'm at the state fair.

Can I get it on a stick?"
2 Lombardis > 3 Heismans
"Rival sub status check:

Ravens  - in shambles.  50% in denial that Lamar is not good, 50% on suicide watch.

Browns - starting to get cocky again.  Being tied for 2nd place is the greatest thing that ever happened to Cleveland.  Just being set up for a return to the factory of sadness.

Bungles - acceptance of cellar status. FTS.  It's all about 2023!"
People consistently forget there are 4 Heisman winning quarterbacks in the division that are all worse than one steely boi.
I BATHE IN THE BLOOTHE.
"Burrow legit 

Mayfield ehh, meh, ehh, browns lol.

Lamar gimmicks up. ThEy KnOW mY PlAy CoACh."
"In total, in the total games Ben was in, there were two lombardis and 6 Heismans. Pretty good if you ask me."
"I apologise in advance for the long post, but please bear with me!

Firstly here's a bit of backstory:

So I've been a fan of football for a while now and always had a soft spot for the Steelers, for no actual reason (I guess I was just drawn to the team by fate!)

It wasn't until the 2018 season where I decided I should really double down and learn the sport inside out and become a proper fan. I signed up for Game Pass and have watched the Steelers ever since (I guess it's my fault that we missed the playoffs, these past 2 seasons.... Whoops....). I completely understand about 95% of what I watch on the field, but still have those occasional ""What's happening here?"" moments.

The only issue I've had is that, being from England, the sport is usually looked down upon and you don't find people talking about it, very often. Our main sport over here is association football (sorry, I can't bring myself to use the 's' word, being a proud Englishman!), so that's all anyone talks about here, which makes it hard to properly get invested in gridiron football, as there's such little exposure here, other than places like reddit.

Ok, so what is the actual point of my post? Well I want to finally double down and fully commit to the sport and make it as important to me as association football and my beloved Arsenal! I have the personal belief that you can't be a true fan of a sport/team, unless you know your stuff and commit your time and heart to the sport and your team. So my request is the following:

What are the best sources of information for me to go in-depth on the sport, such as formations, player positions, rules, the draft, league standings etc, so I fully understand the sport? I have a hard time with certain things, a few examples being what the role of a safety is; why the play clock stops on certain plays, but not on others; why timeouts are used when they are and what the coaching roles are. I want to completely iron out my knowledge of the sport to eventually know it inside and out.

The same goes with the Steelers, I want to know the franchise inside and out. I want to know more about the iconic players like Joe Greene and Troy Polamalu and generally want a good knowledge of the history of the franchise. I feel proud of Arsenal because I'm fully invested in them, but with the Steelers, whilst I get the proud feeling, it's obviously not as strong because my support is only in it's infancy. A great example being with us going 9-0 so far, where if I was fully invested it'd be the best feeling in the world, but I'm not getting the full pride feeling just yet. I have trouble with how many players there are and only really find myself remembering/noticing the ones in the spotlight, such as Watt, Ben, JuJu, Claypool, Conner, Johnson, Dupree etc. whereas the players in positions that do their job without the credit they deserve are completely lost on me, because of the sheer size of the squad!

That being said, what are some good sources of information regarding the history of the franchise, these iconic players, the current squad and also are there any good forms of media like Steelers podcasts and consistent video releases on YouTube that'll immerse me in the squad and help me get a good understanding of everything? I'm completely aware that I can just google and YouTube most of these things, but I was hoping that people would know of some gems of information or something similar, that might help me more than a lot of the stuff I've already found (and not found too helpful) from a regular google search.

Once again, sorry for the essay, but I thought that if you understood my position, you'd find it easier to help me!"
"Lesson 1: Never put the words ""New,"" ""England,"" and ""fan,"" together in a post title here, unless they're followed by the phrase, ""coming in shame."""
"You absolutely have to watch with others to learn the sport.  You can do it academically, but it’s going to have a disconnect between what is read and what is on display. The majority of us learned watching football with our parents and friends asking questions the same way I’m sure most Europeans learned uh...football.  We live in a world of online voice and video chat. I bet if you asked, there’s tons of fans who would hop in a voice/vid chat and watch with you answering questions and explaining what happened."
Nice try Belichick... go back to your subway sandwich commercials. Thanks for beating the ravens though.
"We’ve had 3 head coaches, all great, since 1969. We were never a good team before that, but the late 60’s is the start of the “Super Bowl Era” which most people  in the league use to describe the modern NFL. 

I’m not sure exactly which resources to use to learn, but you can easily divide our history into the Chuck Noll, Bill Cowher, and Mike Tomlin eras to help break it up into more manageable chunks.

If there are YouTube videos detailing their careers, that’s probably a good place to start"
Another Brit Steeler here. Feel free to msg me if you've got any other questions mate!
"A ~~brief~~ history lesson:

The thing to start with the Steelers is the ownership. Art Rooney founded the Steelers in 1933 and his family has owned a majority stake in the Steelers ever since. They are widely considered to be some of the best owners in all of sports, not just the NFL. They've proven to have a commitment to their players as much as winning. They helped engineer what is called the 'Rooney Rule' for hiring coaches, which requires teams to interview at least one minority candidate before hiring (the rule have its flaws, but has largely been a step in the right direction). 

The Steelers were absolute dogshit for their first 40 years of existence. Like, Lions or Browns bad. We don't like to talk about it... By the time the 60s came around, the NFL was dealing with a major competitor in the AFL. The two eventually agreed to merge leagues in 1966 and the merger was finalized in 1970. The first NFL/AFL Championship in 1967 was retroactively referred to as Super Bowl I. This is largely considered to be the birth of the 'modern' NFL, and referred to as the 'Super Bowl era' for which most NFL records stand. 

Meanwhile, the Steelers hired Chuck Noll to be their head coach in 1969. Noll's first draft pick was 'Mean' Joe Greene, who is widely considered not just one of the best Defensive Tackles of all time but also one of the best defenders of all time. They were still bad for the first couple seasons, earning the #1 pick in the 1970 draft. They took QB Terry Bradshaw, who finally led them to the playoffs in 1972. The Steelers would win their first ever playoff game (I told you they were terrible) off of one of the most miraculous plays you'll ever see, known as the [Immaculate Reception](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHIXFKrrUhA). 

In 1974, the Steelers had what is still known as the greatest draft class of all time (and it's not particularly close). They drafted future Hall of Famers WR Lynn Swann, LB Jack Lambert, WR John Stallworth, and C Mike Webster, and signed a fifth future Hall of Famer in S Donnie Shell after he went undrafted. That draft class would help the Steelers win their first Super Bowl as rookies in 1974, kicking off a still-unmatched run of 4 Super Bowl victories in 6 seasons. 

Those teams were defined primarily by what would become known as the Steel Curtain defense (a play on Winston Churchill's Iron Curtain speech during the Cold War). Originally the Steel Curtain referred to just the Defensive Line, but would eventually apply to the defense as a whole. Greene, Lambert, OLB Jack Hamm, and CB Mel Blount are all in the conversation as the best players at their positions *of all time*. 

In 1978 the NFL implemented new rules that defenses could not make contact with a receiver beyond 5 yards from the line of scrimmage (this is typically what we call 'pass interference' and/or 'defensive holding' today). This is known as [the Mel Blount rule](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1978_NFL_season#Major_rule_changes), and was quite specifically created to curb the Steelers' defensive dominance. The only thing it managed to do, however, was awaken the Steelers' offense. Bradshaw, who had faced multiple benchings in his career and up until this point been seen as a ""don't screw it up"" or ""game manager"" type QB, won the NFL MVP in 1978 and Super Bowl MVPs in both 1978 and 1979. 

Anyway, that covers the 'glory days' for the most part. I wasn't alive then, but I love reading about them. I would encourage you to watch the [America's Game docuseries](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8CCdk34IRoY), which covers Super Bowl winning teams in depth. It gives an excellent view of the players/coaches of the teams, and is great for learning football history. I still tear up anytime I watch the 2005 Steelers one."
"Behind The Steel Curtain is a website dedicated to Steelers news and analysis. They have a series of articles, updated weekly, that is called ""Film Room"". Nothing has been so instrumental in growing my understanding of the intricacies of the as those breakdowns of film. During the season, they break down the previous game. During the offseason, they do more general explanations of positions, personnel groupings, and nuances of our scheme. My favorite time is from February to April where draft prospects are evaluated as well. [Here](https://www.behindthesteelcurtain.com/steelers-film-room-breakdown-analysis) is the link to their ""Film Room"" articles, but other main page pieces are worth time too!"
even though I've been around football my whole life there are still aspects of the game I'm just now discovering. for indepth commentary and film analysis I like watching youtubers like Jackson Krueger sports or Brett kollmann. I would say timeouts are mostly saved toward the end of the half to be used to stop the clock. they are also mostly used before a big 4th down or goal line play. the safety has no sigular role it just depends on the defensive set. safetys are just taught to be deeper down the field than the deepest receiver.
"I feel your pain (and successes)! When the NHL went into lockout, I started watching the Premier League. English football was frustrating to me for a good while, but after watching it a ton, I learned to not just enjoy it, but to love it. 

In regards to your two bigger questions... 

1. for the rules, here's the simplest one I found, [https://www.realbuzz.com/articles-interests/sports-activities/article/basic-american-football-rules/](https://www.realbuzz.com/articles-interests/sports-activities/article/basic-american-football-rules/) \- don't worry about the penalty stuff, you understand the basics and the finer points will get easier to get.
2. For Steeler history, I liked this write up: [https://www.si.com/nfl/steelers/Pittsburgh-Steelers-Team-History](https://www.si.com/nfl/steelers/Pittsburgh-Steelers-Team-History)

Also, don't worry a ton about knowing all the players. Just follow the starting 11 on offense and the 11 on D and you'll be fine. If you try to remember the infinite subs per game, you'll just go crosseyed. Again, you'll learn to love 75% of the roster over time through watching the games.

Just remember, as a Steelers fan, the Browns suck and are to be pitied (no empathy though, just pity as they suck and have sucked for a long, long time). Imagine an english team getting a new ""superstar"" #9 year after year, the expectation that this is the guy, only to have them score 1 to 2 goals a year, then get cut and another ""superstar"" #9 is signed, rinse and repeat.  The Ravens are to be hated, the city sucks, the fans suck, and they also had a player that may have actually killed a guy. Finally, always refer to the Cincinnati team as the Bungles, this is what they do and who they are."
There's more UK nfl fans than you think thousands in fact!
"Fellow London based Steeler fan here. Have been following since around 2002 when we had Tommy Maddox at QB and the Bus at RB. I chose the Steelers because of the Bus (and how he used to run people over) and I’ve stayed up so many late nights watching games on tv until like 3 in the morning. I loved it when the international game pass came out so I could watch every game, not just the two that were selected for UK TV.

In 2017 I drove around pretty much the whole USA in a camper van and along the way stopped in Steeler bars all around the country to watch games. I still Facebook chat with a few Steeler fans that I met. It ended with a trip to Heinz Field with my then fiancée, now wife, for a stadium tour and the Ravens game right after Shazier went down. One of the best days of my life. Think it was 39-38 Steelers. Check out my post history for the final score selfie!

I found two things that helped me learn the game. 

One was, as others have said, watching with others that know the game and discussing it with them. The great thing about the stop-start nature of the game is that the commentators give pretty good analysis post play and you pick up loads that way.

The second thing I did was play loads of madden (on ps2 back then). “Playing” the game like that helps you work out a lot of the smaller strategic things around play clocks and timeouts. It also lets you learn the rosters. At one point I think I knew almost every starter in the league, let along the Steelers! Although madden isn’t not perfect of course and not everyone has time for it!

Hit me up the next time the Steelers come to Wembley. I’m still looking for revenge after that terrible vikings defeat in 2013."
"While I would love to type you a wall of text, answer your questions, and fulfill your dreams, that'd probably get boring for you quickly. Although you're welcome to stream-watch a game with me sometime and I'll fill you in if you want! I watch on gamepass as well from Peru.

Youtube is getting more content lately. There are channels that do NFL film study and can break down formations and such. 

If you want to know more about Steelers players, there's Arthur Moats' channel where he breaks down individual performances as well as game discussion about critical moments that can help you understand some things better. Bud brought a buddy is good too, Bud Dupree and another player talk about stuff. 

Maybe I'll just make an NFL rules channel to teach people how the game works and spread the gospel."
"Also a UK Steelers fan. For more coverage of the sport, Sky has a dedicated NFL channel. You can watch through NOW TV too and it will show highlights from all the weeks games along with some of the US and UK panel/talk shows. Watching this will help you a lot."
"Fellow British Steelers fan here. 

For a deeper understanding of the game, I'd recommend you read Take Your Eye Off the Ball 2.0 by Pat Kirwan. An exceptional book which breaks down positions and formations and so much more.

I watch every Steelers game live, but to keep up with the rest of the season I listen to the Head on a Swivel podcast. IMO it's the best of the British NFL podcasts."
"To learn the history, you absolutely must watch the 6 America's game episodes. They are done about the Superbowl winner every year. Then maybe see what you can find on the team website and on YouTube. Also read about the Steelers that made the Hall of Fame for more information on our stars, including insight on our few bright spots before the Super Bowl era and Chuck Noll. As for learning more about the inner workings of the game, I recommend watching with someone more knowledgeable if possible. See if there's a UK steelers Facebook group and possibly go out to a bar with American TV and watch together"
I understand how you feel with me being a Western Pennsylvania born and raised Steelers fan who became an obsessed Liverpool FC supporter in 2017.
"To answer your “what does a safety do” question, here’s how I think of it. Safeties are the defensive backs that typically line up and defend in the middle of the secondary. There are two types of safeties, the Free Safety and the Strong Safety. Generally speaking, strong safeties (SS) are bigger and stronger than the free safeties(FS). SS are more likely to be better at tackling and run stopping, FS are more likely to be faster and better in pass coverage. To clumsily make a s*ccer comparison, if the NFL cornerbacks are the equivalent of an EPL LB/RBs, the SS is like a CB/CDM and a FS is like a sweeper. 

In short, a SS is the hammer of the defensive backfield and the FS is the ballhawk of the DBs."
"There’s lots of good advice here so I’ll just tag a few extra thoughts...

1.  Very few fans actually understand what all 22 players on the field are trying to do all the time. Most people are just watching for the “skill positions” to make big plays. That said I think most experienced fans DO have a general understanding by *position group*. Roughly you can think of these groups as offensive line, qb, rbs and receivers on offense, and defensive line, linebackers, and secondary on defense.  You’ll find that in the modern game these lines get blurry quickly (rbs frequently play as receivers, safeties sometimes play like a linebacker, etc) but in broad strokes this will help a lot with understanding the basic mechanics of the game. 

2.  It’s worth googling around about basic “formations” and “personnel groups”. This can be thought of as “who’s in the game, where are they lined up, and why?”  Again this gets pretty complicated in the modern game but it’s helpful to know the basics. It’s much easier to read offenses. For instance an empty set means you have 5 receivers on the field with no RBs which almost always indicates a passing play. A “heavy set” conversely usually has at least 2 rbs and 2 tight ends meaning we’re almost guaranteed to power run. Defense is much harder to read and you have to pay more attention to who is in the game. You frequently see LB’s replaced with CB’s and vice versa but the shape of the defense is usually pretty amorphous. 

3.  This may sound silly but for basic formations and strategy, I would actually really recommend playing Madden. You have to pick the plays which means you have to analyze things like personnel groupings, down and distance, and clock management. There’s also tutorials that help to illustrate these concepts for noobs. Obviously video games aren’t real life but I think it’s a great teaching tool. 

4.  Rules...ugh. Football is hands down the hardest game to understand from a rules perspective. There’s a lot of them and they don’t always make sense. Different rules apply in different contexts all the time. I think another Brit in the thread recommended a book for basics...best I can offer without a buddy to watch with is googling things when you see a call you don’t understand. Tread very warily though...there’s honestly a LOT of fans who don’t REALLY understand some of the rules. There’s also a lot of rules that have gray areas of interpretation (pass interference is easily at the top of that list). You see a lot of “homer” bias when you watch a game with friends.  When in doubt there’s always the rule book lol. 

5.  Clock management is very important to understand especially for late game drama. That’s mostly where timeouts come into play because a timeout stops the clock. If you ever see a timeout outside of the last few minutes of the half, it’s likely because there’s just something screwed up and the team needs to “reset”. For instance a miscommunication on the play call, or lining up and seeing the opposition in a set they don’t like. You can google around for clock management but the critical stuff to know is what stops the clock:  running out of bounds (as long as the player is moving forward too), an incomplete pass (hence “spiking” or “clocking” the ball), a timeout, or a 2 minute warning. 

I would recommend continuing to post specific questions here, too! I’m sure you’ll quickly become our token British friend, and people will give lots of helpful information. Honestly because of the complexities of the game, I almost always learn something new in rules threads or analysis threads, and I’ve been watching my whole life, and played all through my childhood and high school days. The game is complex and constantly changing."
"Hell, man... I'm American and have been watching football my whole life and still don't understand what is happening on the field about 30% of the time"
"Nice article about the franchise’s leadership in the hiring process, and some notes about what makes coach T special, from Peter King’s weekly column.

https://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2020/11/16/fmia-week-10-inside-the-hail-murray-and-how-the-cardinals-got-it-done/#tomlin-the-beacon"
Link?
Great read.
Thanks for the article.
[deleted]
At this point he's just trolling all of yall that take this so seriously.
What I like about our team this year is how cohesive we are and we aren’t necessarily fantastic in one area but just work extremely well as a team. All the parts fit
"Being in 2nd place is not an insult when the #1 team is the defending champs, are only a game back and have the best QB in the league. Chiefs are the only team that potentially scare me, I think it’s reasonable to put them ahead. Any lower than #2 is dumb though given how up and down most of the other top teams have been."
"1. I don't think you should care too much about power rankings -they're just convenient exercises for websites to create content.
2. He definitely does not say that a 9-0 team should be #1 - he says he understands the gripe that Steelers fans have with not being #1, and that typically they would be #1, but that he doesn't think they should be because Mahomes tips the scales."
"Allow me to say I don’t take NFL power rankings as the end all be all, that’s who wins the chip, I just find it annoying that people continue to devalue the Steelers and praise the Chiefs when both teams are playing at a ridiculously high level

edit: grammar"
"I mean the chiefs are a good team, but I think the Steelers have them beat as an overall team, the chiefs offense is better, but the Steelers have a way better defense. Which to me travels better, plays better in big games, and wins championships. So I think the Steelers are the better team in that respect."
""
Lol wasn’t he the guy that blocked him from celebrating on the star too?
[removed]
No
"He sucked complete ass last year. 

No."
No
I'm giving you a chance to say this was a joke....it was a joke right?
"He was not found innocent, the accusers lawyers tried to extort him and the case was dropped."
"We have an absolutely great mix right now of top shelf starters and sub-package specialists, who have been playing together for a while, and work together seamlessly.  Behind them, we've got a nice stable of promising young developmental players we don't want to push down the depth chart for no discernable reason.

This seems like a really terrible idea."
"I remember him being on the draft board and he's still young, but he was ABSOLUTELY ATROCIOUS last year with the Giants.  The Giants kind of just threw him in there, sink or swim style, and he got roasted and taken advantage real good pretty much on every play.  He's a project at best.  A project with baggage."
""
Oh man so this is the hill we die on to lose to Jax.
"Everyone seems to think it's Conner that's the problem, I just don't see it. He looks like the same guy to me who ran effectively just a couple of years ago. I think it's the line not blocking particularly well in the run game, and the play calling is whack. Conner is a down hill runner and we almost always try to have him hit the edge, It's completely bizarre."
"Hey reddit, we did it!"
Fun fact from Brian Batko's chat yesterday - we had a 100 yard rusher in all 3 games Dotson played and have only had 2 100 games without him in the lineup. Not saying he should start but maybe he should start.
Let’s get it !
"Good. Get Fichtner, Canada, and Sarrett in the lab and figure out a way to get some movement up front and then tell Conner to focus on getting North-South as quickly as possible. I think some special attention to the offensive line is warranted and could pay huge dividends for the whole offense."
Stop treating Conner like a bellcow and it'll immediately improve
"My main beef with Conner is that everyone thinks he is a power back, but he's really not.

If you watch him, I think he's too indecisive.  He stutter steps at the line too much and that's why he's stuffed more often than not.

Just my opinion, not a big fan of his.  Although I still think he's the best option we have."
Starts with McFarland getting 20 touches and Snell getting 15 Connor time to get on to your life’s work. Next plug doctson in at LG so you can pull
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
Surely they'll be canceling this.
They don’t even have updated pictures of Ray Ray or Derek Watt. They are in there old uniforms
[deleted]
"Auto-upvote, every week."
This one was funny.
No crying bengals lady makes me cry :(
Send the cardboard fans down the Lose-calator....
Pablo Pi-jag-o
6 feet or 32 years away from that thing...WOW. 😂
"Auto-downvote, every week."
""
"The Three Sisters.  Very nice idea.

EDIT TO ADD:  I wonder how well a defensive line of Rachel Carson, Andy Warhol, and Roberto Clemente would stop the Jags?"
That Jaguar's spots look like he's got the nervous sweats... not that I blame him.
"Ah yes the Jaguars natural enemy, suspension bridges"
“Rawr.”
Been waiting for this all week
That jaguar is so adorable. He looks like my cat when I get the vacuum out.
smiley little bridge posts
Here's a silver for putting smiley faces on the bridges
Jaguars can't melt steel beams
"Three *rivers*, not bridges."
Killed it
"I know a lot of people said we brought him in just for depth, but is there any chance he gets more snaps as he becomes more familiar with the system? Spillane and Vince have been fine over the past couple of weeks but we really haven’t had to play a team in that span where their lack of sideline-to-sideline speed was a factor. A majority of the AFC teams set to be in the playoffs have stud RB’s so I’m curious if the plan is for him to takeover the job as we get closer to the post season."
I wish they would. I’m really not a fan of watt being in coverage so much and Williamson would help that. The defense looks so much better when watt is rushing
I was under the impression that we brought him in because with Bush out we don't have a good coverage linebacker. I'm sure its not an easy system to immediately pick up
"I definitely think there's a good chance he gets more and more snaps, potentially for both Vince and Spillane as the season goes on. He's not an athletic freak, but he definitely brings more speed and agility to the table than Vince and Spillane do, and he's still a damn good run defender.

I'd bet by December Vince and Williamson are taking more snaps than Spillane, but that Spillane will still have some kind of a role."
Obviously it comes down to him vs Spillane. Spillane seems to be struggling shredding blocks so unless he loses the job to Avery then Avery will be depth. He did look good in the limited snaps he got tho
If Spillane keeps up his play Williamson will probably only see snaps to give a player a brake mid game. Hes basically just realllllly good depth at the moment. We may try to resign him for cheap if we decide Vince is a cap casualty.
"> Spillane and Vince have been fine over the past couple of weeks 

If it ain't broke, don't fix it.

> we really haven’t had to play a team in that span where their lack of sideline-to-sideline speed was a factor. 

Like Baltimore?  With Lamar Jackson?"
I came over via the links from the mod on r/jaguars . Had me thinking about how I’m excited for this week if only to hear the boys talk about my team all week lol. Just wondering if you guys watch/like those guy.
Pats a yinzer
yessir. aaron rodgers tuesday right now
The C Gap will live forever. If you haven’t seen the Troy Polomalu story yet for the love of god watch it
Troy Polomalu is an asshole for ruining that poor local kid's dreams of scoring a TD in Pittsburgh.  Justice for Pat.
Thought I was in the wrestling sub for a second. He’s a charming guy for sure.
I used to love the Pat Mcafee show. It was a regular listen to me but I kinda lost interest. Pats all about himself and I find those personalities insufferable.
"I’ve been to Kraynak’s in Sharon, PA a few times but I’m not from Pennsylvania and I remember them having quite a few Steelers decorated trees that were for sale. At the time I was a few years younger but as I’m currently in college, I’m toying with the idea of getting a fake tree that is black and yellow. I don’t know that I’m completely sold on buying one right now but I’m at least interested and was wondering if anyone knew of a website that I could use to find one."
"Sorry I can’t help with your question, but I can say this... if you want an authentic Pittsburgh Christmas tree, just take a regular Christmas tree and top it with fresh-cut French fries and coleslaw."
"Pretty simple question.

Btw, just a side compliment too. Our wide receiver group is playing amazing and they are all still super young, none are veteran pros yet!!! Just shows how unselfish they are with each other."
No
"It all depends on what happens with the cap really. But there’s a lot of expiring deals after the 2021 season so those high cap numbers could be lowered with extensions. But the likely answer is...no. Mainly because guys like Minkah, Juju, and TJ need to get extensions over guys like Joe Haden, AV, or Conner."
"No.

They have $201M in cap space committed to 34 players for next year. The cap is likely to decrease from where it is this year, so you're talking about probably being \~$10M over the cap, with 19 players short of a full roster, before you sign a single player. A Roethlisberger extension might be able to get you as much as $14M in extra space best case scenario.

So - likely best case - you have $4M in space, with 39 players on the roster, and all of the following going to UFA:

\- Dupree

\- Conner

\- Alualu

\- Juju

\- AV

\-Feiler

\-Hilton

\-Sutton

plus a bunch of other players. They'll be lucky to sign 1 or 2 of those guys."
"If everyone takes minimum deals and we release any non needed cap hits(like Feiler IMO, Dotson has performed more than well enough). So in short, no."
No.
"I know everyone loves JuJu, myself included, but he's not nearly as important to resign as some of the other players. We are absolutely stacked at receiver. JuJu is a luxury to be honest. If it comes down to him getting signed vs some of the guys on defense (that would be hard to replace, like Hilton, etc.) then I would hope that Kevin Colbert lets him walk. With that being said I think that JuJu loves it here and will work with the team to do a contract that makes sense for everyone. We'll see. Hopefully we win our 7th Lombardi trophy this season and it's not as big of a worry."
"Nope.  Especially not since JuJu has re-emerged, and Dupree is just as good, if not better, than last year."
"No.

There are simply too many big names performing at very high levels right now. 

I guess if Ben retired maybe?"
nope.
""
Lmao as an Ohio U alumni this one hurts but is so laughably true
""
"""We don't rearrange practice for 1 player and dates of that nature"""
Just saw this as well 😂
Nice try Ben but the standard is the standard
this tells me both ben and tomlin are very happy with life right now and that makes me happy
I love Tomlin with all my heart.  Man just has a way with words.
I love reading Tomlin quotes because I can hear them in my head as his voice and cadence.
I need a Mike tomlin quote compilation in my life and put it on pornhub
"What is this sub's opinion of Aditi?

She is the go-to for all the major outlets but when I hear what she says it seems like a lot of technical verbiage with no real meaning. For example, today she is talking about the steelers needing to stop with the finese in the run game and start using the power run game since it is what Conner is best at. Now that makes sense his YPA on Counter and ""Power"" plays have been best, but ""Power"" is an outside run that I would consider finese compared to I formation draws and inside zones.

Also Tomlin seems to breeze through her questions a little faster then others not trying to give her any significant banter or any hemming and hawing."
Hopefully mason makes the most of those extra practice reps
"""Get back in the kitchen Benjamin.""

 -Tomlin"
"I mean, Ben's is a MAC conference QB.  And we all know how Tomlin feels about the MAC.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jvx6ah/nfl\_update\_steelers\_hc\_mike\_tomlin\_on\_the\_idea\_of/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/nfl/comments/jvx6ah/nfl_update_steelers_hc_mike_tomlin_on_the_idea_of/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)"
I love coach!
""
We've got 90 wins 🤯😱😮
"90-0


This is just the beginning"
Every Sunday I wake up to get impressed by Watt's resilience and JuJu's clutch plays—my favorite players.
So who wears No. 100?
I just remember it looked really cool and Ebron was smiling in it. I want to use it as a background
The Steelers usually publish the photos taken on their website. Check there first as it was probably taken by the team photographer Karl Roser
[removed]
""
He had a career game on Sunday Honestly
Ok but Chris Boswell tho
Just make him sit out 6 games every year. He was also pretty good last year till about the last month
Rumors of his demise were greatly exaggerated
"You're forgetting what Jordan Berry played like in 2019. Through 3/4 of the season he was having by far his best year.

Then the Bills game happened and we pretty much lost directly due to his shanks, and he continued to be horrendous down the stretch."
2019 OPM needs hair.
"Does this make Berry One Punt Man??

I’ll see myself out..."
"If I had to guess, last year Berry was forced to punt so much that his leg was dead by the end of season. Know McAfee has said that fatigue as the season drags on is a very real thing for punters."
He knows his job is constantly at risk so he has to do better.
is it just me or is his punting motion kinda cool to watch? like it feels like me moves less after contact?
"He trained so hard, all his hair fell out."
"From ESPN’s story on the upcoming Jags game:

“ Roethlisberger joked after throwing for 333 yards and four touchdowns against the Cincinnati Bengals that he might talk with Tomlin about taking another week off practice.

But no such luck.

""We did have that conversation,"" Tomlin said Tuesday. ""I'll acknowledge it was a very brief one, and I will see him at practice on Thursday."""
I laughed and laughed at that. Does anyone else hear his voice in their head when reading his quotes?
I've realized that Ben has made a suggestion but given that it's a stupid ass suggestion i've chosen to ignore it. - Mike Tomlin probably
""
He's old now better trade him. Think we can get Darnold this off-season? /s
""
Bullshit is what is
Put us below the Jets for all I care.
Garbage
"Who cares? Not only is it r/nfl, but it’s the 1 loss defending Super Bowl Champs."
Honestly the chiefs look just ok. They let the panthers convert all three of their fourth down attempts last week
I don’t care about where we’re ranked but this is just obnoxious
It is something that doesn’t matter and is only there to generate reactions such as this.
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jw0fkp)"
Steelers
Should probably not have included a homophobic nickname for the Ravens. Ratbirds is better
Threat to do what?  Looks like a bunch of random AFC teams of varying strength.
[deleted]
It’s updated on the website and on the Reddit app so idk what app you’re using
Mods are asleep post a two week old win/loss schedule? I'm out of the loop on whatever this joke is.
"https://i.imgur.com/cTNpSxf.jpg

Here’s a screenshot of my whole window and it’s not updated. It is updated on my phone. Not sure what’s going on here."
"[removed]

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/jw0xy9)"
""
This doesn't really fit this sub. One small mention of the Steelers.
This is hilaaaaarious
"No idea what the relevance is.

But more to the point, the one on the left was a complete no-talent.  Chick on the right was solid, tho."
[deleted]
""
"Good God, just saw the typo in the title of the plot. Please ignore it. I've had too many Mad Elfs from Troegs this afternoon."
"No idea what I'm looking at, the whole thing is a poorly explained mess, and the Steeler logo is pretty much mired in the middle.

Datafail."
Seen it a lot . Not new to football at all so kinda embarrassed to ask but wtf is EPA😭😭
"If you can read this, points to you."
This might be easier to read if you did it by game and not by play.
All I can tell is that Alex smith is really helping the football team
""
"Comeback player of the year??? Lol. The inconsistency seems to be gone, knock on wood. Just the bombs he used to produce just half the time, plus pinning at the 10 pretty consistently."
"With Berry back we now have a stable and reliable punter that can boot it down the field. I am glad we have him back as our punter. This is week 2 of my appreciation and underated players, comment who do you think is underated or unappreciated."
Dude is absolutely dropping bombs out there. Love seeing it
We just ignoring the 29 yard punt with 2:35 left in the 4th quarter because it didn’t matter? 🤔
[removed]
No. There are 9 teams in the AFC with 3 or fewer losses.
"Mathematically speaking, no.

Practically speaking, yes.

Given that we're 9-0 heading into an expanded playoff...given that we've got incredible talent and depth all over the field to hedge against injury...given that even with a complete and utter lack of talent at the most important position on the field last year, we still managed .500 ball and have the same veteran leadership in place, on the sideline and on the field...

...given all that, the likelihood we don't take part in the playoffs is greater from Covid, from large scale natural disaster, or from thermonuclear Armageddon than it is from results on the field."
"No.

Supposing the Steelers shit the bed and go 9-7, the only teams that can't catch them right now are the Jags, Texans, and Jets.  The rest of the teams in the AFC have a chance to tie or exceed that number.

That leaves 12 other teams for 7 playoff spots.  If the Steelers win this week, that guarantees 10-6 and eliminates the Bengals and Chargers (and maybe a few others based on results) from catching them, so we're down to 10 (other) teams.  

Going 11-5, and the Broncos can't catch them.

12-4, and we're over the Patriots.

13-3 and we're in the playoffs.

Of course, that's supposing all the other teams win out, which is nonsense.

I'm guessing realistically we're going to be in around our 11th win."
"You'd have seen 17383738 ""Steelers have clinched a playoff berth"" threads instead of all the 9-0 spam."
[removed]
"Like half the AFC is 6-3, it will be a few more weeks to clinch as they even out a bit."
"Right now, if you lose more than 3 games you’re out of the playoffs in the afc. There’s still 7 games left so got a ways to go yet."
No
I think the soonest we can clinch is week 11
"The post just before this asked the same question... mods, delete spam like this"
"No, they can technically still miss. If they beat the ravens they clinch both the playoffs and the division tho"
""
"Ik it was before he got signed. But if teams are talking to you, why the frick would you cause problems"
"(opinion)

dupree-- no we should not resign him. even though he's been good a number of years some of his stats have been padded by having an overall great d line. I think its pretty clear we drafted highsmith to replace him.  dupree is going to get paid way above his skill level next year.

connor-- no even though he's a Pittsburgh guy he's not special in any way.

mike hilton-- no. even though other than Joe haden he is our best cb he will be asking for way too much. he is currently averaging 3.2 million a year with his current contract. I think we can continue developing younger cb like Marcus Allen to replace him. with hilton being injured we've shown we can play fine without him.

sutton-- yes resign him. going into the future I can really see Sutton becoming the veteran to hold down the secondary if anything happens to haden. overall seems like a really athletic, smart, leader.

tj watt-- you have to pay watt. he's the heart of this defense and is so versatile.

juju-- this is a tough one. I really think it comes down to how much juju will be asking for. he makes so much money off of cereal and just being an internet celebrity and nfl ambassador he may be perfect happy with a small contract. steelers really don't need to pay him, he's just a great teammate.

hopefully I didn't get anything wrong or say anything too controversial."
"Juju has proven to be the most reliable receiver on the team and Ben's go to guy in the big moments, they need to find a way to resign him."
We better pay JuJu. That man deserves it. Took on a leadership role at the age of 23. The core of our WR group. I respect your opinions though. I just feel JuJu should get his money and it most definitely should be from the Steelers. Man I hope they pull it off.
Don’t wanna be a dick but this list is terribly wrong lol
"I think thats some disrespect towards dupree. Whether or not it's by us, the dude deserves to get paid"
Why would you pay Watt we have his 5th year option still...
"We’ve got to sign Juju. Even with our OP ass receiving corps, he’s our most talented guy. We have a diverse and dangerous WR room, we need to try and hang on to that for as long as possible. With Conner, Dupree, and Hilton gone, I have 100% faith that KC will find the room to sign everybody else. He’s a magic man."
"I think JuJu is a no. He’s looking good this year and will want to (and should) get paid. He’s not good enough to invest in long term, though."
"For those curious:



Player| # of Ben's TDs
---|---
Antonio Brown| 72
Heath Miller| 41
Hines Ward| 41
Mike Wallace| 29
Santonio Holmes| 17
JuJu Smith-Schuster| 16
Martavis Bryant| 14
Jerrico Cotchery| 12
Emmanuel Sanders| 11
Nate Washington| 11
Jesse James| 9
Chase Claypool| 7

*Chase is tied with Le'Veon Bell, Markus Wheaton, and Matt Spaeth."
jesse james should have 10
"Anyone else look at AB all the way up there and get sad? I know this conversation has been said a million times, but I miss the player AB used to be. All but a hall of fame lock, and he threw it away."
"Wow, didn't realize that LB only caught 7 TDs from Ben."
I do not remember seeing Cotchery get 12. Next you’ll tell me Lance Moore had 6
Ben and Ab were magical. Rip
I forgot all about Mike Wallace. Whatever happened to that guy?
Jerricho Cotchery was a fucking STUD man.  Wish he was here longer instead of with New York.
You now remember Jerrico Cotchery
Surprised Sanders isn’t higher. In my mind we had him for a while. Maybe not
My biggest takeaway from this is that Spaeth and Bell had the same number of receiving TDs from Ben. That feels impossible.
Only two on the list were 1st round picks. Impressive.
Would have thought Holmes higher
"Plaxico Burgess and his 23 TDs are missing from this list.  Not sure if I want to claim this, but we graduated from the same high school, him almost ten years later."
Coates didn’t make the list?
""
I knew Gilbert was gonna be an issue for us because we had literally no film on him to study. Had Dalton started for Dallas I don’t think the game would’ve been as close. We’ve got a few weeks of film on Luton so I expect the defense to get it done. Hopefully our offense doesn’t take 40 minutes to show up this time.
I'm a Pittsburgh native living in Jacksonville. My son will be born this Friday. He will be wrapped in a terrible towel. We will not lose his first game as a fan!
"Me: *shakes Ativan bottle, pills rattle inside*

Me: Whew, that was close."
Hey at least when we lose we have the excuse that we always lose to them ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯
"The steelers are 9-0 and on a roll. Its not like they play down to their competition...... ok, maybe we are in danger"
Nah don't worry. We only have home field advantage at Heinz Field. Our stadium is usually 60% opposing fans.
"Big Ben has the fire this season. This isn't our year to play down to our opposition.

I've got faith!

^I've ^got ^faith!

^^I've ^^got ^^faith!"
Something something Admiral Ackbar.  Something something trap.
10 and 0. Take the Steelers and give the points.
Tbh I’ve always thought taking a loss during the season is good. Gets rid of the perfect season pressure
"Any chance we can trick a Jacksonville player into, like, shining his shoes with the Terrible Towel and posting it on Twitter? Because, dang, did that work against the Bungles."
Trap game. I'm not taking anything for granted
I’m feeling a weird 12-7 victory
"The worrywart in me is screaming ""Regression to the mean!!!!"""
They've had chances to lose to crap teams this year and didnt do it. 10-0. Theyll lose to either baltimore or buffalo and drop another when theyre resting players after everything has been clinched
Facts right here. Ugh.....
I was at the 30-9 Loss at Heinz Field...I feel this on a spiritual level.
We are NOT already thinking about the Ravens!
On the road against a bad team is where Steelering gets turned up to maximum overdrive
"At jaguars has always been a trap game, must be the humidity"
"I feel this so much, for some reason Jacksonville always has our number"
"I haven't been watching this season, but this I completely understand. Funny as hell."
Theyre gonna force us to wear black arent they?
Don't do it.  Don't get cocky.
"Last I checked, they are dead last in pass defense. I was more concerned with the Bungles than I am with the Jags. I think we'll be fine."
"when the schedule came I circled this game as the trap. If we pull it off. And If we beat the Ravens, Bills, and Bengals in the next weeks. Do we tank the Cleveland game? If we have playoffs sealed up why not rest starters. It might be a must-win for browns and it would mean Ravens would most likely get left out. Hmmm."
"They don't have Ramsey anymore, we good. Ramsey is Ben's kryptonite"
"Does anyone else feel like we ""play down"" against seemingly worse opponents? Then when we play against better opponents, we go all out?"
I fully expect the entire first quarter to be vintage Randy Fichtner. Run Run Screen Punt.
""
tl;dr tj good
He gets a couple more sacks and how can anyone argue he isn’t the DPOy
"He has the least pass rush snaps of all the top guys, and almost as many sacks. Has a pick. So many QB hits and pressures. This dude should be a DPOY with little argument."
If he gets a couple more sacks Sunday there's really only one other guy he has to fight with to be considered 1st and that's jc jackson dudes got 6 picks already this year..
"I know there is way too much to play out but I think there are some creative things the team can do with the Cap. Besides restructuring Heyward or Ben, I am wonder what else you all think we could do to make some necessary room. 

My curveball idea- force retire Pouncey like we did Troy. He is vastly underperforming his contract. That will open up enough space for 1 more player."
"Possible extensions that lower cap hits: Ben, Haden, Pouncey, DeCastro, Nelson, Ebron, Vince, TJ (could sign him to a megadeal and push all the money down the line, similar to how Chiefs did with Jones). 

Possible restructures: Tuitt, Heyward

Possible cuts: Haden ($7M), Pouncey ($8M), Nelson ($8.25M), Decastro ($8.75M), Ebron ($6M), McDonald ($5.2M), V Williams ($4M)

If it’s up to me, I’d extend Ben, Nelson, Ebron, and TJ to make their cap hits as low as possible (hard to tell exactly what that would look like). Restructure Tuitt and Heyward. Cut McDonald and Vince. Last big decision would come down to Pouncey vs Decastro. Idk if it’s injuries or age or what, but their run blocking is not cutting it this season and one of them has to go so that we can use the money to keep Villanueva, then go after iOL early in the draft."
"I appreciate you trying to come up with ideas, but Pouncey isn’t going anywhere."
"You can create $13M max with a Ben extension, and $7M with a Heyward restructure. You could also get $4M with a Tuitt restructure.

Forcing Pouncey to retire is the same as cutting him - either way it's $6.5M in dead money and $8M in savings. Of course, if you do that you've just royally pissed off your QB and now you don't have anyone to play center.

If they really want to go all in with this core, they can create some more money with really backloaded extensions. Haden and Nelson could net you max $4M for either of them on an extension.

You can pick one of Haden or Nelson and extend them, that could net you - at most - \~$4M in cap space. Watt could get you as much as $7M, Decastro as much as $6M."
If Pouncey leaves so would Ben.
"We don't even know what the cap is going to be yet, and it's likely going down next year, but the question is how much. That's going to make the cap gymnastics really fun next year."
on the plus side at least Pouncy's snapping issues from last year have not carried over to the current season.
"When a player retires, all remaining dead money accelerates to that year.  He has one year left.  Might as well keep him unless you think you have 2 centers on the roster who are better than him and it's worth eating 11 million to prove it."
"Since you can't push the 5th year option on TJ we are on the hook for $10M if he remains on the roster in 2021, which he obviously will be. So for all the people saying extend him it does nothing for us next season.

Extend Ben first because his $40+M cap hit next year is killing our cap. If anyone can take a team friendly deal it is Ben. He has made around $200M in his career and doing so gives him the chance to keep winning.

Cut Vance if he doesn't take a big pay cut. Extend Vince and spread his $7M next year. Take a hard look at Pouncey, Haden, Nelson and even Decastro's contracts to push money into the future. Let some of our FAs walk. This might mean a few people out of Al, Hilton, Sutton, and Feiler are gone. I'm pretty sure Juju is a Steeler next year. Same with Alualu."
If Ben retires how would that effect his cap hit?
Don't you put that evil on me.
"Cut candidates (Dead/savings): 

* Vance (2.7m/5.2m) or Ebron (2.5m/6m). My guess is Vance
* Rudolph (233k/1m)
* Samuels (64k/920k)
* Mondeux (0/780k)
* James Pierre (6k/777k)

Not a ton of cap can be created here, but there are some bottom of the depth chart guys that create some space

Restructures:

* Tuitt
* Heyward (risky since he'll be 35 at the end of his current contract and he'll have a huge cap hit)
* Nelson

Extensions to lower 2021 cap hit:

* Ben (probably unlikely)
* Decastro
* Haden (probably unlikely)
* Pouncey (only if Ben is extended)
* Watt (will be on 5th year option, almost guaranteed to happen)

That *might* be enough to re-sign the guys we want to, but it'll be tough"
"Well I think 6.4M in dead cap is better then 14.5M in a seriously regressing player. That 8M would be enough for squeeze out Juju or Bud or 2 of Alualu, Hilton, Sutton, Ebron."
I haven't heard anything yet concerning the color rush jerseys. Anybody?
That’s what I was assuming
They didn’t release a jersey schedule this year but Thanksgiving seems like the logical spot for color rush
"Don’t care...all I want is a win.....and another, and another....and....another........and............another....."
They will probably announce after the Jags game. If that's the game for them. Ben is undefeated in them so that would be nice.
Are they doing the throwbacks at all this year? Damn those would hype me up on Thanksgiving...
"Forget color rush, I miss the bumble bees."
I can’t see how we don’t wear them
"I like the color rush and Thanksgiving, Thursday night, against the ravens makes logical sense.... but if we are 10-0 going into that game, my superstitious self doesn't want a jersey change. Change nothing. Opt out of color rush and take the punishment"
Please. Those are my favorite jerseys and I will be at the game.
""
"I feel very good about our chances. This team can beat anyone. My biggest worry is that we go undefeated during the regular season and lose in the playoffs. If I had my choice, I would like to see them blow up for one game towards the end of the season, get the bye in the playoffs(if we have a bye at all)...refocus and take another Lombardi home.

I mean yeah,the ultimate would be the first team to go undefeated since the 1972 Dolphins...but that seems so out of reach. There were many really good teams that have tried to do that since ‘72..."
"This is a weird season for the offense, it just *feels* like they aren't playing very well, but here they are putting up 24+ points every week and averaging 30."
Is there some way we can delete the Steelers 2019 season from all stats and records? Just put n/a or something
I think this contributes to case Big Ben has for MVP this year. .500 team last year to 9-0 this year just with Ben back.
Is that stat adjusted with those three red zone trips at the end of games they knelt?
What would Bens stat line look like if he went up against this years Steeler defense? The offense is exactly the same also.
"Considering the team practices together all the time and knows each other's tendencies, I'd wager it would be garbage. Our D-Line would eat out O-Line for breakfast."
"A football game doesn't work like that.

Both the offense's and defense's approaches will depend a lot on the flow of the game, and to even have a guess at that, you need to know who's playing offense and defense for both sides.

In a vacuum, I think the defense is the stronger unit, FWIW."
"I think Ben would fare well with the quick passing game as it would neutralize the pass rush. That being said, we cover short pass route fairly well with our team D. It would be a fun match up for sure."
""
Best in the game
I’m feeling a Minkah Six this week
"
RT @steelers: Playmaker 😤

\#HappyBirthday, @minkfitz_21‼️

\#PITvsJAX: Sunday at 1 pm on CBS 

***

posted by [@davidK786](https://twitter.com/davidK786)

[Video in Tweet](https://video.twimg.com/amplify_video/1328815583719198723/pl/D3W2MwtNq0PmgyXb.m3u8?tag=13) 

^[(Github)](https://github.com/username) ^| ^[(What's new)](https://github.com/username)"
""
Looks like he might have been able to get to the outside! Great run back either way
Ray Ray was a great find...I am glad he is on our team
The field always look so much shorter from this angle lol
I would've won $425 if he stayed on the outside
Dude you must have been sitting right behind me that looks almost exactly like what my POV was
Should've juked the kicker inside than run down the sideline
"I know he's not a big guy, but he should have tried to just run over the kicker lol, I really think he might have scored if he did."
I’m so fkin happy we don’t have a guy just signaling fair catch back there anymore
So those cardboard cutouts of people....do they get in the way of the field when seated? I have been curious about this....so expensive to go and at least one benefit would be a great view without obstruction only to get there and have cardboard block it would be beyond frustrating!
"dude, i fuckin love this dude. i also love you for these videos. please continue going to every game that you can and post these lmao"
Where can I find more videos like this?  I haven’t been to a Steelers game since Hines was only with us for a year or two. I love to see video from the stands and want to watch more!
that’s 2 times this year he would’ve had a touchdown if he stayed outside 😭
I miss the packed stadiums so so much
""
[deleted]
That Chief story was gold. Love the PMac show
Skip to 1:55 if you want to get right to it
Did he bring up the C gap again?
""
Super cool! Better find a good place for it!
"Damn, that's awesome!"
Awesome!
""
"It's because they are the defending super bowl champions and have a former MVP qb who's in the hunt for his second, that carries weight. Do I think we can beat them? obviously I do, but until we get the chance and unless they lose another game or 2 and we keep winning they will continue to be number 1. Also, I'm not sure being ranked as the second best team in the entire league qualifies as being ""slept on"""
1 loss defending SB champs returning their entire roster? Yeah I'd give them #1 too.
"I mean...they're defending SPB champs who lost like no one, have an MVP QB doing MVP things, and a decent defense. 

Until they lose 1-2 more, they get the #1 ranking..."
NFL app with dark mode on....I know the pain...
To be the champs... You've got to beat the champs
What’s this supposed to be? Seems to be missing context
Why is the text like that
Even if the Steelers go undefeated and win the super bowl the chiefs will still end the season at number 1 and will start next season at number 1.
""
I find it funny how every teams sub goes on about how funny it would be and fantasizes about beating us.
That Jaguar costume smells of bong resin and broken dreams.
"I feel less anxiety about this trap game now that they disrespected the towel, blowout incoming. 42-3 you heard it here first. Claypool 3 tds"
"I've totally used mine as a mask when a T.T. in the back seat was all I had, and I was already in the parking lot at Giant Eagle."
They done done it again. I was actually scared about this game for a minute
The sign is the only thing that lets you know that this was a picture taken in 2020. That home crowd could be from any year for them.
"This is a really old picture photoshopped to say ""COVID"". It used to say Ebola.

See here: https://i.imgur.com/YwBgZBp.jpg"
RENT......FREEEEEEE in whoval?
One dude said the Steelers are their biggest rival. Like wtf
2020 says don’t fuck with the terrible towel or you’ll pay the price
"I am a little worried because this is already the perfect scenario for us to play down, coming off a big win, going on the road against a trash team. What scares me even more is our recent history with the Jaguars"
blowout incoming
YOU DUN FUCKED UP NOW JAXSON
At least Pittsburgh is not in Florida
Jaguars have fans?
That one did make me laugh though.
"Apparently this was taken 10/05/14

That day we beat them 17-9"
"I don't think there's any more ""playing down"" this year. Steelers are THE team to best this year so were every bad teams' ""superbowl"""
It's in poor taste and it's not even funny. If you're going to tell a joke about a serious issue then it at least needs to be funny. They are trying a bit too hard with this one.
Lol let them have there fun. I have no problem with them just playing around.
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man?!
"Homerism aside, I don't really find a football COVID joke to be in good taste. Trash the Steelers all you want but why make a joke out of a pandemic"
Jags don't remember what happened when they did this last time
""
"This isn't an argument you want to make from preseason if the goal is to score gotcha points.

We're division mates, and they were the first place team last year.  That means, based on last year's records, they were absolutely, 100%, *guaranteed* to face a stronger schedule than us across 14 of the 16 games.  Because we play the same AFC South, the same NFC East, and the same Browns and Bungholes.

Other than that, they play last year's first place teams in the other AFC divsions, and we play last year's second place teams.

The only difference in S.O.S.?  We play the 14-2 Ravens twice, and they played our disaster of a QB-less season record twice.

In short, their schedule was tougher than ours, except for us.

Obviously, as the season plays, it doesn't always work out that way.  But it's not exactly a point you want to celebrate."
I don’t see how this is possible. We play the same teams except for 2 games where they play the division winners and we’ll play the second place teams.
"The thing is also that when you are undefeated you have left a wake of weaker teams behind you.

They only appear weaker because they had to play you"
"The difference in schedule is that we have the Bills and the Broncos, they have the Patriots and Chiefs."
Who have the Ravens beaten?
[deleted]
""
"Also if the Steelers win against the Jaguars and Ravens, we clinch a playoff spot."
""
"Marge: Oh God! Someone carved swastikas on your eyes.

Homer: Oh Marge, I'm sure it was just AB filled with hate."
r/Steelers turning into r/simpsonsshitposting. I’m here for it
Mocking someone's injury. Stay classy bro.
""
The song is blitzkrieg bop
The Steelers sound guys actually play this song a good amount. Always gets me hype at games
"Hey guys Vikings fan here wondering how much tickets for your home games are this year. My girlfriend is a big Steelers fan and I was considering getting tickets for her and I for the game on the 27th. My question really is if the seats for two, are a reasonable price this year and if they are worth taking the trip to Heinz field. Thanks all."
"Do you mean the 26th? Looks like cheapest pair of tickets is around $600 on Stubhub. Not surprising, considering it’s a home game against the Ravens and there’s limited capacity seating.

Edit: If you meant Dec 27th, there are no tickets listed."
"Absolute cheapest for any game seems to be $300ea after fees. Thats what I paid for the Bengals game, 11/26 Ravens tickets are around $450-6 grey market. December tickets arent on sale yet. 

To all the people saying just stay home, i say go. Fuck em. This is a once in a lifetime chance. A Steeler game with 5000 people is an experience that is never happening again. No lines at concessions, zero traffic, easy parking, ushers keep people separated, its great. Ill be at the rest of the home games. 

Please dont listen to idiots who think being a lifetime smoker actually protects you from a respiratory virus. Yinzers dont always send their best."
Give her a bigger present and stay home; good friend of mine just beat covid and described the symptoms as “a never ending concussion” complete with the vomiting and aversion to bright lights
"Stay home. My rona experience,  smoker here. So Dr's said that because of the tar build up and other chemicals in my lungs that I was in a way protected from any coughing/breathing symptoms. Fever 2 nights in a row that broke and both nights ambulance ride because I was a degree from hypothermia. The lethargic state that my body was in was unreal. Unlike anything I have ever been through or could imagine. I could not walk from my door to my car without stopping, I couldn't take a 10 min shower without stopping half way and sitting down. And for the grand finally, I had 90 viles or 3 weeks worth of labs, smooth muscle antibody...positive, Scleraderma, and AI Hepatitis. That was in March, its November and I'm still not 100%  I'm healthy, exercise and now take a good amount of vitamins. Don't full yourself,  this isn't a cough."
"Terrible idea, Covid is raging out of control in the MidWest. Wait till next year."
"Challenge Accepted, seriously I think we can come up with better."
"Claypool likes Mapletron. I see no reason for it to change. Not like it would, the nickname has sort of already stuck."
Nah it’s legit.  He’s got a logo for it and everything.  It’s here to stay
Mapletron is just fine. What's the point of burying a nickname to force a new one
"Optimus Primus

Primus Sweed

Les"
"Everyone knows that setting the goal to come up with a great nickname, is the origin of every great nickname."
"Chase ATM. Because he is always open

Idk I like mapletron lol"
"Mapletron is a great nickname, and he's embraced it. So what is the point of coming up with a new one that probably won't be as good?"
I mean we could just call him Claypool. It's not like it's a bad name or hard to remember/pronounce.
Chase Rocklake
[removed]
"I'm willing to purchase my first NFL Jersey, but I'm curious about the Size for me. I'm 170cm and weight about 64kg (5'7"" Tall; 140 lb). Was thinking in a youth XL (chest 42.5 length 29) or an adult small (chest 35-37.5 length 29 waist 29-32). Any thoughts? Thanks un advance"
"I have an XXL for when I want the Jersey over a hoodie but I also have a L just to wear (although that's getting a little tight in my old age) and I also have two XL jerseys that fit a lot nicer.
FYI I'm 6'1 and about 110kg."
"In case you're looking at color rush, they seem to run smaller than normal jerseys"
"Just a heads up. The youth jerseys have different sized numbers than the adult jerseys. While it may fit, it's gonna look like a kids jersey on you."
i would say to get an adult medium; jerseys are supposed to fit large and typically you’ll have it over a hoodie or jacket (in a normal non-covid world at a game)
Do you plan on wearing anything under it? I’m just about the same size as you. I have jerseys in 3 different sizes tho depending on when I want to wear them haha
Get a adult medium. I’m the same height a little heavier and a adult medium will fit you perfectly
You lost me at cm's and kg's
[deleted]
[deleted]
""
Obviously fake. AB does not have anywhere near that level of sentence structure or lack of emojis.
Mr. Big Cycle
Antonio “Shorter and Worse Chase Claypool” Brown
Where's the AB translator when you need him!?
People downvoting totally missing the joke apparently.
I wish he wasn't as talented as he is. It's honestly hard to watch someone THAT good at something just ruining their life. I listen to a podcast called Crime In Sports. He's definitely going to be discussed on there if it's still around in a few years.
""
I am surprised they have 75.4k subscribers.
OP! You have a free reward to claim!
r/politics is a cancerous circle jerk 🤣
"Best Cincinnati Bengals message board on the internet? Is that like the best seat on a Spirit Airlines plane, the best cell on D Block at the state pen, or the best house on the east side of Cleveland?"
Its getting played out guys.
OP why aren’t you using old.Reddit.com as your default experience?
"They’re trying to screw over Vikings by voting Ngakoue to the Pro Bowl. 

If Ngakoue makes the Pro Bowl, the 5th rd pick the Vikings gave the Jags turns into a 4th rd pick. Possibly a 3rd if the Ravens somehow won the Super Bowl (which won’t happen (fuck the ratbirds)) 

This is a level of pettiness I can get behind. 

VOTE NGAKOUE

https://www.nfl.com/pro-bowl/ballot/defense/olb/

EDIT; this also fucks over ravens, they’ll lose a 5th pick in 2022. Fucks over the Ravens more than it does Vikings. I’m sure we can all get behind this now."
Its gonna take a lot of fuckery to get him into the pro bowl
"I mean this is petty and kinda hilarious, but also a great example why nothing should be a fan vote."
Why would I want to help give an AFC team a higher draft pick?
"STOP THE COUNT
  
COUNT THE VOTES"
Maybe after this weekend.
This is a cause I can get behind
""
[deleted]
""
""
""
"I was begrudgingly ok with letting him go coming into the year, but I’m adamantly against it now. JuJu is the beating heart of this team and he sets the example in that receiver room. I’d argue after Ben, Minkah, and Watt, he’s the fourth most important player on the team."
He's Hines and Heath and the hype man all rolled into one
Is there a stat for # of times running headfirst into a defender or two to fight for that first down?
It’ll be interesting to see how many 3rd down targets Juju will get going forward since I’d assume the opponents know his success on 3rd downs. Time to switch it up the offensive play calling a bit going into December and beyond.
"Everybody was so ready to dump him after last year, not considering that he was injured for 4 games, and playing with the 2 worst QBs in the league. Even then, he still averaged more YPC than the year before. Give him even an average QB, let alone Big Ben, and he will produce."
I am pretty sure he also has 0 drops and a true catch rate of 100%. He is so reliable at 23 years old. Not even talking about him as a person. We need him!
He's my favorite
"My dog's face lights up when I say Juju, he knows good things are going to happen"
And he does it with a smile
You have got to find a way to leave your mark on the game.
Shows how much Ben trusts him and you can’t put a price tag on that
He is on fire but he has gotta out Diggs Stefons Dave Chappelle Rick James cleat (Yeah I know I spelled that name backwards I live in MN lol)
He is a great number 2 not WR1 money
""
"This mf didn't practice all week. Probably just sat on his ass eating chips then pulls up on the block, stomps on the bungles, and wins AFC offensive player of the week"
Comeback player of the year?  I think so
Not bad for the 4th best QB in the division.
And he barely played in the fourth quarter.
Can't believe he's holding us back
"That, is my fucking quarterback."
Das ma quarter pounder
"At 38 years old. So under appreciated. Clearly more efficient than ever , and coming off a season ending injury. We shall never tolerate Big Ben Slander."
"The Steelers are tight, that is all."
"I think he has a legit case for MVP. Russ has sort of fallen off, it could still be Mahomes or Brady but they’ve already won it so there’s a chance Ben could squeak it out"
First pre-k school teacher to win the award?
🐐🐐🐐
bEn RoEthLiSbErGEr iS wAshEd Up aND oLd!1!
REST THE MAN!
FIRE TOMLIN for making Ben practice this week
I really wish Ben would stop holding back the Steelers
Ben starting to creep up there in the MVP discussion. It will impossible to overtake Mahomes but he is staring down an excellent season by all metrics. Ben's season is beyond impressive once you take into account the surgery and all that noise that he and Stillers were finished.
King of the North
Wait til next week!
YOU GO BEN COCO
I actually thought that was a fairly poor game by his standards but a wins a win. Congratulations. 🎉🍾🎈🎊
“Big ben is washed” im sorry i cant hear you anymore 🧏‍♂️🧏‍♂️🧏‍♂️
I feel like Ben is the end of the era of football players being somewhat normal dudes. Like as opposed to the hyper training athletes we have now Ben is just naturally gifted to the point he doesn’t need to train each day to stay on top of his game... just a guy being a dude
This man needs to be the front runner for the MVP. He’s pulled us out of every single hole Randy put us in this year.
"Meh. Kill me for this but some of those throws, especially the deep ones, were pretty god damn terrible. He overthrew Claypool at least 3 times on routes that would have been 100% TDs with an accurate throw. I think that they just saw the big stat line against the Bungles and determined that Ben did amazing, but honestly I thought he was alright. Claypool was better than Ben"
2 of those TDs were so unnecessary
"07 patriots 
2020 Steelers 
👀"
Those numbers and his first quarter was absolute garbage.  Gotta love the guy.
Anyone else hope this is his last year?
""
My lord...that was probably the angriest I’ve ever been as a Steelers fan.  I’m getting a little angry now but then I realize we’re 9-0 and Im happy again.
JESSE JAMES CAUGHT THAT BALL
I was watching this game with a bunch of people who had never seen a full NFL game before. They asked me why people hated the Patriots and I told them it’s because bullshit calls always went their way. Lo and behold this play happens at the end and they were all in disbelief. None of them have ever watched another NFL game ever again. Fuck the Pats!
"NEVER been more mad at a call ...

This ended up costing us the 1 seed and we would have played titans instead of jags .... then hosted pats for afc title"
I still get so mad about this.. We win that game and we're the #1 seed not NE then get Tenn instead of Jax in the divisional round.. Ahh what could have been.
"What gets lost in all of this is that the Patriots had at least two game-winning touchdown catches earlier that same year wherein the lack of ball control during the process of the catch was MUCH more evident. Ball bobbling and wobbling, moving around between hands, getting trapped with the ground, etc. They were scoring plays, which are supposed to be subject to review, and the refs didn’t even take a second look. But of course, the Pats were supposed to beat the Jets and Texans anyways, so why bother getting the call right. Pitt/NE is a marquee matchup, so you gotta take a half hour to scrutinize every play and apply the strictest interpretation of the rules possible. 

If you look at replays throughout NFL history, you can easily spot thousands of “catches” that were much more dubious than what JJ did that night under the older rules. The standard is the standard, except when the Pats are involved, and suddenly all of history flies out the window. That’s what gets so many people pissed off."
"Damn man.. I just woke up, why you gotta do this to me already?"
JESSE JAMES CAUGHT THAT BALL WILL BE WRITTEN ON MY GRAVE
"Call me crazy but I was an “Outlaw” Jesse James fan. Was disappointed to see that guy leave for Detroit.  

And it was a catch."
"Based on the dumb rules at the time regarding ""going to the ground"" it wasn't a catch.  Glad that the NFL looked like idiots and was forced to change the definition of a catch after they got called out for gifting yet another win to the Pats with that dumb rule."
Heath got robbed and so did our season. I really think that was the one for the Killer Bs. Completely shafted us on playoff seeding and set up the debacle to follow. Fuck the Pats. Fuck Tom Brady.
stop angering up my blood.
I cried when that happend
Seeing this makes me sick to my stomach. A call that only the Patriots would get.
I've blocked this image out of my mind along with the entirety of my middle school and high school years.
This one still pisses me off. One that pisses me off more the the Bettis coin flip debacle. Fuck that shit!
I’m still mad about this
Hot (Correct) Take: They got the call right. The rule was bad but was applied correctly.
People dont understand the rules at the time. Incomplete.
""
He's definitely stepped up since Hilton went down.  Fun to watch.
PFF has him as a top ten corner
Weird story but I’m a Tennessee fan and a Steelers fan. My son was born like a month after the draft and we named him Cameron just because he went from the vols to the Steelers.
"I have seen him get a lot of love lately, and rightfully so. I was super high on him last year in the limited time he saw the field, but he's just been awesome this year. Quickly become one of my favorites but I'm not hopeful they'll be able to keep him longterm."
Great mustache. Lunch pail guy.
Joe Haden’s replacement
"Best DB we've drafted since Gay. Happy to see him have somewhat of a breakout year, but hoping it's not enough that he plays his way out of here lol"
I love this fucking team
Great cover guy who isn't afraid of physical play.
That ripped fumble against Cincy was dirty i was so hyped hes doing so well.
As a TN native and UT fan I love seeing him do well! Love him and Hilton. 2 guys that just don't get enough credit in my opinion
Avery joined that week. Sutton been on fire since that day. 🙏🏼💯🔥 relevant because Avery is strip ball king.
[deleted]
""
"The reactionary, knee-jerk takes really are astounding. He throws 3 picks against Ten, then under 200 yards against Bal. All of a sudden, he's holding us back. Mfers really expect to see Mahomes and Rodgers numbers, and everything else is ""GaMe MaNaGeR nUmBeRs""."
"I’ve said this before, but Ben is a type of QB who’s impact on the Steelers success can be hard to quantify (when he’s not having one of his 6 TD, perfect QBR games). And while I think PFF’s system is the best system for quantifying as many aspects of football as possible, they still can’t really “measure” why Ben is so good. 

I don’t know if you guys like basketball, but a player that gets similar treatment is Kyle Lowry. Kyle is constantly disrespected and called a fake all-star, when in reality he does so much for the Toronto Raptors. Some athletes just play winning football/basketball, regardless of their statistics.

Also, part of the reason the PFF folks are reluctant to give loads of praise to anything other than our pass rush and occasionally Claypool is because a lot of them are Bengals fans. PFF is based in/around Cincinnati. Regardless of what the numbers are, that effects their enthusiasm and how they interpret the data. 

I think they do a decent job staying unbiased, but on some level it can’t be avoided."
"The important thing is Steelers fans know what Ben means to the team, especially after last year."
"Ben has never gotten the credit he deserves. People still talk about his ""bad"" performances in the Super Bowls despite being the #1 reason we made it to them in the first place.

2005, 2008, 2010. We do NOT make those Super Bowls without Ben. Period."
We should all be so held back in all aspects of our lives.
"ben will never get the credit he deserves, just have to accept it. PFF is also complete and total cancer"
[deleted]
Because our franchise QB was out for the overwhelming majority of 2019.
That's the difference between Mason vs Ben.....
As I said on Twitter today: All the dumbest motherfuckers work for PFF.
I don’t understand why the PFF podcast guys refuse to give Ben actual credit. It’s so dumb
I support this fact
"I know it doesn't matter one iota, but every week I find myself annoyed that we are the last undefeated team and yet we can't seem to jump the Chiefs. Both teams have had some close games and some blowouts, but only one has won all of their games.

I was curious about what you folks think on this matter...."
"Literally nobody should care.

Just enjoy this amazing season and stop caring about whether other people think we are the best or second best team. It doesn't matter at all."
The Steelers could win the super bowl at 19-0 and people would still put the chiefs above them at the end of the season and to start next season.
"First of all, it doesn’t matter. Second, the Chiefs have Mahomes and he is 25:1 TD/INT. Advanced metrics love him even more. But like I said...it doesn’t matter."
"The better question is ""Why do you care?"""
"No, probably not. A 1 game difference isn't that big and as I said in a thread last night, they are the defending super bowl champions with Patrick Mahomes (former MVP and possible MVP this year) at qb and got most of their roster from last year back. They get the nod in the power rankings because of those things, it's as easy an explanation as there can be."
It depends on who's rankings your looking at. We're at the top of some of them.
There is no methodology to the Power Rankings so it's impossible to predict
No. Because the difference of 1 game isn't enough to offset the fact they're defending SB champs and have returned 20 of 22 starters.
Well find out who the better team is come playoffs...HERE WE GO STEELERS
Doesn’t matter. Power rankings don’t mean anything. The record is what matters
"First of all, as everyone else is saying, who cares about where we are on a list of Power Rankings? It literally means nothing and is really just for fun.

Secondly, as long as Mahomes, Hill, and Kelce are healthy, I would take them over every team in the league regardless of record -- and us having one game over them is hardly insurmountable."
"> I know it doesn't matter one iota

And we're done here."
""
""
"If this happens, it also fucks over the Ratbirds, who will have to send a higher 2022 conditional pick (originally a 5th) to Minnesota."
Fuck it I’ll vote for him too.
I didn’t vote for him because I hadn’t heard of this yet I’ll go do it now
I WON THE PRO BOWL BY A LOT
I voted for him. The pro bowl is a popularity contest.
"lol

https://www.instagram.com/p/CHvTTMnFQ6T/?igshid=1h69q1tevqpj7"
"Don’t worry, it won’t happen. The fan vote doesn’t count for much, and no player or coach is voting him in. So even if he received 100% of the fan vote, he’d fall short of getting in to the pro bowl based on the player and coach vote."
Pro Bowl has always been a popularity contest. This is no different
"It's not fraud its collusion, get your trump buzz word right"
Which position does yannick play? I need to vote him in
"Hold up...you said ""Jaguars"" and ""Fans"" in the same sentence..."
""
"Haha, my baby is undefeated too!"
Who defeats babies?
""
And it’s a shame it might not come from us :(
Too many good players. Good problem to have.
If Sutton was starting on the outside I could see him get Nelson money.  He’s a solid outside guy.  As he’s not a full time starter my guess something like 4/year gets it done.
""
"Sweet, that 4th should be a nice immediate starter at WR."
The sixth is for Sean Davis lol
"Was hoping that we'd snag a third for Hargrave, but having three QBs change teams and sign for $20M+ pushed Hargrave down the list a bit."
"Love the info thank you so much for posting. I find the compensatory picks very confusing especially once the season gets going and player get cut/traded/injured glad to see we will gain some capital in the draft. I for one believe this is an under appreciated factor when letting players walk, I’m not saying we could hav known we would get Dobbs, Hawkins,or davis back but it’s hard not to smile when you realize we got picks for 2 of them and would have had a third if the other had not been cut."
"> But with Bud Dupree, Matt Feiler, Zach Banner, Alejandro Villanueva, JuJu Smith-Schuster, James Conner, Mike Hilton, Cameron Sutton, and others scheduled to be unrestricted free agents in 2021, it’s inevitable that they will have some roster spots to fill


goddammit"
""
"“Has Tomlin lost the locker room???” takes in three, two, one..."
"For context, Tomlin said this about prepping for the Jaguars:

""We are not a Big Ten team playing a MAC opponent this week,"" Tomlin said Tuesday. ""Every time we step into a stadium, we're playing professionals, players and coaches. We've got a ridiculous level of respect for that. Write your story, follow your storylines about trap games and things of that nature. We understand what we're going into in Jacksonville, that that's a group that's trying to kick our butt. A professional group, capable group, and we're preparing with that understanding."""
"Joke aside, I wonder what % of Steelers fans are MAC grads? Quite a few schools around there. 

-MAC Grad who is a Steelers fan"
"Big Ben and Tomlin are secretly divas??? What's next, Chase Claypool is a satanic worshipper"
Why are so many people not realizing this is banter?  Yeesh.
"Steeler fan and MAC school grad. The MAC was better back in the early naughts. But hey Diante Johnson seems to be doing just fine.....

William & Mary from the storied Colonial Athletic Conference. The Coaches Cradle lol.

I guess you just need to find talent where it is."
Can someone explain what this means?
"I love the ball-busting!  Team is obviously loose and having fun.  Makes the winning that much more enjoyable!

Hell, I feel like we draft a lot of MAC guys."
SHOTS FIRED
CAA for those who are curious
Big 10.  Badgers
Big Sky Conference 🤟
I don't even know what confrence William and Mary is in and I was within walking distance from their football stadium for 10 years!
C-USA and AAC here (U.Tulsa)
I went to Toledo. Got to see Ben vs Bruce Gradkowski. once.
"Fake drama, who cares... Anyone who knows about college ball knows how true this reference is."
"It's fun to go through and see people happy but not cocky about being 9-0.  Like we all know we could lose the next game, but we are all so happy that we keep winning.  We all know x number of other teams would be partying and celebrating and acting like assholes.  Just saying I'm happy to be a Steeler."
"*Looks at game thread

We aren't acting like assholes?"
[deleted]
The response from [Mike Tomlin](https://twitter.com/coachtomlin/status/1329140023128694789?s=21)
Literally me lol
Fuck LeBron.
Who cares. Lost all respect for LeBron when he decided to support China and his money over human rights
Fuck LeBron. Dude is all  about that money and sucks Chinese government dick
""
You can vote as much as you want?  Jesus... I should just set up an autoclick and submit program and have it run overnight a few times.
This is a cause I can get behind
He’s going to get the most pro bowl votes in history.
This is not gonna end well for the ratbirds lololololol
""
Yes. That would definitely be the game to break them out.
"Has to be a certainty imo. Holiday game, prime time, against a bitter rival, with playoff seeding implications. The perfect storm to break out the best unis in the NFL!!!"
It'll be a massive disappointment if we don't.
"Oh, be still my heart. If we bust out the color rush, at home, on thanksgiving night.. 

I hope Lamar has a peaceful death because it sure won’t be pretty."
"As much as I like thes unis, when are we going to wear our throwbacks? Those are easily my favorite."
when the color rush come out i start itching to break some shit baby let’s go
Any idea how drunk ill be. Jesus
Please.
Pittsburgh needs to go back to block numbers. I want a Claypool jersey.
Anyone know our record wearing these?
"If you support an ensemble with the word ""splash"" anywhere in the name, it's time to move on from football and just go full time Project Runway."
""
"You think anything scares Ben?

*He laughs in the face of dread.*  

A big hearty, bearded, crooked nosed laugh..."
"Big Ben is like Michael Myers.  Never runs or moves faster than a slow walk, yet is always right behind you somehow."
[deleted]
"Who cares?

It’s just sports writers doing what they do - writing shit to generate attention. It means absolutely nothing."
"Claypool should 100% be on this list, but don’t knock Antonio Gibson. It’s unfortunate he plays on the washington potatoes, but he’s a beast"
""
[removed]
"I just recently moved to Minneapolis, and have been going to the awesome Steelers bar at Patrick McGovern’s Pub in St. Paul to watch the last 6 weeks. It’s a wonderful atmosphere if you are ever in the area for game day. 

However, the Governor of MN just closed all bars and restaurants for 4 weeks in the state.  And from what I understand, the game will not be televised here.

Anyone have any recommendations on how to watch?  Slight notes, I live in an apartment (directv is a no go), and I’d really like to not be picked up by the pirate police tomorrow.

Thanks!"
Crackstreams.com
Nflbite.com
"Living in an apartment shouldn't preclude your being able to stream live games via directv.  The online NFL Ticket option has a free trial, so you can see if it works for you for a week.  Good way to watch one game, even if you have no interest in watching legally moving forward.  Just be sure to cancel after watching unless you're okay being dinged for the 70 bucks a month a week later."
"If you are truly looking for something unorthodox, maybe one of the other fans here could set up a twitch stream and do an interpretive dance for you based upon each play of the game."
I've been using https://sportsurge.net/#/groups/0 all year
Hey  enjoy it. I live in Illinois right now. Can't wait to move back.
"Just an FYI for YinzersAbroad... if you try the Steeler app and it blocks the audio, try the actual SNR website:

[SNR](https://www.steelers.com/audio/steelers-nation-radio/)

I haven’t been denied yet... but I also have MOST location services turned off on my iPhone... 

Hanging lights and listening in today, hopefully yelling like a banshee from my rooftop, scaring the country folk.

GO STILLERS!!!! 🤘🤘🤘🤘"
You could listen to the radio broad cast here https://www.radio.com/937thefan
"if there is ever a reason i cannot watch the game, i listen to it on siriusxm"
Www.bilasport.net
Streameast
[removed]
""
"Straight up not a fan. Creative, but not a fan."
Someone is a Debbie Downer.
Get fucked and die.
""
Today’s dub is for JUJU!! HBD!
"He just turned 24, fuck. There are still a handful of rookies older than this dude lmao"
Happy Birthday!  I hope he gets some touchdowns and a win for his presents!!!!
Smells like 2 touchdowns in here
"Ayy, happy birthday Juju!"
Heeeyyy. Happy bday
Awesome
Happy Birthday brother!!!!!🙌🙌🙌
I'm so glad he's ours!  💛🖤💛🖤💛🖤💛
Happy birthday Juju
Sharing a cake day with Juju!! let's f'n go!! We 10 and 0!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUJU!!!
Happy birthday Ju Ju
Happy Birthday!!
Juju needs to play better
Checking in from the hospital! Is it a coincidence that in order to give birth you have to be 10 cm dilated? I THINK NOT! Here we go!
Make sure we get the baby under the terrible towel photo. Haha
"CONGRATS!

You better swaddle the little yinzer in a terrible towel.."
"Congrats friend! Go be with your family, we'll cheer extra hard on your behalf :)"
I figure they just hand ‘em out at Magee these days.... 😎
Congratulations! Hope everything goes smoothly for you.
I'm rooting for you honey!
""
I see Tomlin’s eyes in the second pic 😂😂
"Nioce!!! I got the same hat in Pens... 

Good boy!"
Great boi
So yeah go steelers and everything but damn that's a beautiful coat of fur
Based.
Very cute
"Funny... I am watching a show called “the pack” on Amazon Prime. It’s like the Amazing Race...but with dogs and their owners. I really don’t generally like shows like the Amazing Race...but I do like this one(I think it has to do with the dogs).

There’s one on there that looks exactly like my wife and I’s dog....except it has a blue Mohawk."
[deleted]
Thanks for posting this for the eleventh time.  It wasn't stupid enough the first ten.
"This will be the first game I don’t wear my Troy P shirt since my Gf made it for me. So if we end up losing this, it is all my fault for forgetting it at my house while visiting her dad. Let’s hope the shirt wasn’t the key to staying undefeated.

Safe to say I didn’t cost us the game by forgetting the shirt. Thanks for you all counter balancing my forgetfulness."
I on the other hand I have my one year old son with me to watch the game(didn’t have to work today) he’s been with me for every tight game this year so let’s hope that’s enough to offset you forgetting that shirt!
I’m just a little stitious
Don't worry. I stopped wearing my lucky jersey and... we just kept winning. Steelers are way above that shit
"Well I am, how could you forget the shirt! The Jags are 1-9, you know we’re going to play like shit."
Dammit Wolf!!! Where’s he live... 🤦🏻‍♂️
The real superstition is Steelers Nation performing the counter jinx ritual all week. We have to truly believe the Jags will win for it to work
We lose SPILLAINE is coming for your GF
Have no fear. I've been wearing my Bush jersey every game this season including today. I will counter balance for you
"It’s okay.  I have my new Polomalu salute to service jersey, so I got you covered."
10-0
[deleted]
Fox has the double header this week. Which means CBS is only allowed to show 1 game today (regardless of time slot). That means in your area you’re only getting the Miami game
"I always find that when the Eagles play, they don't show any other games either on any station. I hate Philly.

Go to Nflbite.com and watch it."
"I am stuck with the same issue...so ridiculously frustrating.

Does anyone know if Game Pass games are now available immediately after completion?  I have heard they changed that from what it used to be, where access (for a Sunday game) was only possible after ALL Sunday games had finished."
[deleted]
""
Put mine up before the game. It's not early though. Weekend before thanks giving is ok.
Reppin' Ola.  Nice!
Harrison is a traitor dude! We do not speak of him
""
"🎶Give me an IC light, an IC light🎶"
"GIMMIE THE NIGHT, GIMMIE THE NIGHT, GIMMIE AN IC LIGHT!"
Ahrn City Beer
How did you get that in Jax?
Both lol
You tell em ray!
10-0 baby. We ain't impervious but it feels pretty good. I'll ask my cousin what liquor store he found that ICL at. Go Steelers 👍👍👍
Tommorow you'll be taking an Iron Shitty.
Hey man! Nice! Hope u had fun! Go steelers
Where’d u get the hoodie?
"Have not seen one of these up in awhile, what is everyone eating for the game today?  And have you been sticking to the same gameday food for superstition?  

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Today I'm have a 4 meat sub with provolone, being a bit lazy this time food wise."
"Ever since game one this year I have to have a charcuterie board out before the game starts. I have to have a 16oz can of yuengling poured into my Pittsburgh Dads Beer pint glass before kick off. At halftime I’ve made various things, during the ratbirds game I made primanti sandwiches. During the Titans we had my knock-off Cenci’s pizza (thin, crumbled sausage, cup pepperoni). We’re from Indiana, these are things that remind us of going to Pitt for a game like we do every year. 

Next up is trying some loaded Kennywood fries."
"Pho, the stock has been boiling for like 15 hours."
Bong rips
I’m smoking some jalapeño poppers and kielbasa. I’ll be on cardiac arrest watch today with the food and game combined.
"Nachos, but only on sundays"
An absurd amount of beer.
Its god damn chili day!!!!
"I was up early this morning, so I already ate lunch, but I've got a pint of dulce de leche ice cream to eat at some point."
Rigatoni with meat sauce
Just got an air fryer and the possibilities are endless
Waffle
No food. 2 local craft beers at halftime. That’s it. Food waits until after the game.
"Pepperoni, soupie and cheese tray for pick food. 96 pierogies with butter and onions. Go steelers!"
Pork chop sandwiches
Beer.
Cottage Pie
Just hit up the Brighton hot dog shoppe
Beer.
"During, chicken thighs with Lube seasoning and sauce.  Dinner after scallops and pasta."
Chicken wings and brats. My MIL got an air fryer and I've been making wings with it every game day since week 1.
Coffee. 3 AM start time in Japan.
Bojangles y'all
Spicy ass chili. Nothing compliments game day more than being in pain while watching the game!
Jaguar ribeye with garlic butter sauce and broccoli
""
Troy is really letting himself go
Let’s hope not today.
It's like looking into a mirror and into the future at the same time
I'm ready to be hurt again.
Not today!! I didn’t have to use the defibrillator once after the 1st Qtr
Not today baby 🔸♦️🔹💪💪
Orale Tio
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Jacksonville Jaguars

TIAA Bank Field- Jacksonville, FL

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:34

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * * *|0|17|0|10|27|
|Jaguars * * *|3|0|0|0|3|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|JAX|FG|1|(11:02) C.McLaughlin 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|PIT|FG|2|(10:50) C.Boswell 44 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|2|(7:07) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to C.Claypool for 31 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|2|(:48) B.Snell right end for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|4|(10:26) C.Boswell 47 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(6:46) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to E.Ebron for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 6 | 42 | 106 | 267 | 23 |
| Jaguars | 8 | 105 | 73 | 133 | 14 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
[Post game thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/steelers/comments/jz3j8s/post_game_thread_pittsburgh_steelers_at/)
We have to keep juju
Ratbirds and Titans were fighting during the pregame lol
">Most TDs by a Steelers' rookie, team history. 

1. Franco Harris - 11 (1972)

2. Louis Lipps - 11 (1984)

3. Chase Claypool - 10 (2020)"
I know they are our rivals and I really don't have great feelings towards the team. But I hate seeing Burrow go down if it's a season ender like some comments here said.
Those announcers can fuck right off
I’m way more worried than I should be about losing the sack streak
OT for Baltimore coming to Pittsburgh on a short week while our guys got rest? Yes please.
"I too, am looking to bust one"
In a 3-0 game there are so many ppl calling this a loss already... It is fucking ridiculous. We are 9-0 even with ugly wins. That is what good teams do. Calm the fuck down and let's go!
"Drug commercials...the HEALTHIEST looking sick people you will ever see in your life, living some of the most fun,old-people lives ever"
TJ literally has to be tackled for a ref to begrudgingly throw a flag lmao
Ok...now can we just STFU about Edmunds? He’s been a starter since his rookie year and a solid performer for the last two.
i DoNt WaNt To jInX iT bUt
Ben with the GAME BREAKING BLOCK
Big Blocklisberger
Fuck you announcers for that one smh
Have you heard about our newest WR stud *Diontae Washington*
"They finally called a hold on TJ’s man, this guy gets held half of every play"
You know what I'll take having four top tier WRs and a good TE over a single diva mega-superstar WR especially when the love is spread around so much
"And with a meaningless end of half pick, Roethlisberger falls behind Sam Darnold and Drew Lock in the ESPN QB rankings."
DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT REF HAVE A STROKE WITH THAT FLAG
Time for Mason to hand it to Snell a bunch of times.
"Kinda bummed for Cincy.


Didn't hate burrows. Seems like a pretty standup dude. Hoping he comes back next year healthy"
Anyone else unspeakably nervous
THAT CELEBRATION WAS PERFECT
Claypool is like AB but with a healthy amount of swagger instead of being an arrogant douche
Yup. JuJu is a team player and has installed that mentality in the rest of the team. Love these fucking guys. They make Steelers football fun!!
Lol member when Miami said he was just average
"If Boswell misses, fuck this announcer"
That guy in the overalls might have been the most Steeler thing I've seen today.
I don’t understand how you can be an NFL offensive coordinator and run it up the gut on 2nd and 12 out of the shotgun with your 3rd/4th string speed running back
"That Burrow injury didn’t look to good, never like to see it. Prayers."
That one ref was just like “iunno”
"It would take Ben to throw for 500 yards with TD’S to 6 different receivers, 3 rushing touchdowns and a defensive shutout for yinzer fans to be happy."
"Dear NFL: 
Please raise salary cap so we can retain all of our players. To make it fair we will fire our OC."
"I want a Derek Watt rush attempt.  And a chance for Rudolph to throw it downfield.  Why?  Because *fuck* these guys, that's why."
Our 2nd string hitting people like they want to play 1st string...Love It!!!
"Fuck you Ian Eagle, learn how to pronounce your own name."
Someone this week on this sub called committing to the run game “the hill that 9-0 will die on” and honestly that’s the best take I’ve read in weeks.
Claypool is getting a framed picture on that wall this week
Juju is such a team player. You love to see it. That kid is good for ANY team I hope we can keep him.
Randy DYING to call a run on third and nine
"We needed 15, randy called a play to throw behind the line of scrimmage. Smooth"
"Jesus, Chase is just eliminating their DBs one by one."
Juju slipped on a penalty flag wtf
Mason Rudolph: The Human Victory Cigar
"I bet someone will find a way to still say we're overrated, maybe something along the lines of 

""If the Jags scored on every drive then Pittsburgh would've lost"""
 Thank you Titans!!
6-4 lmao trashbirds
THESE ANNOUNCERS NEED TO SHUT THE FUCK UP
"best team celebration, happy birthday Juju!"
Ben just blocked like 8 guys
Ben blocked 3 guys.
I feel so bad for Burrow he had to go die for the Bengals team
"The screech was me, sorry you could hear it from PA"
TJ GOT A HOLDING CALL TJ GOT A HOLDING CALL
Edmunds heard y’all talking mad shit since day 1
Edmunds has 2 picks and Watt finally had a holding call. Holy shit
"'He'd be able to go back in if it weren't for the scoring situation.'

Cut to JuJu limping along the sideline like he's totally not in any shape to go back in."
Man what a Ball by Big Ben holy shit
Chase Claypool. ROTY.
"The Ravens and Titans are beating the absolute shit out of each other today, you love to see it"
Lmao that shriek was exactly what I was thinking.
Refs see everything except for TJ watt being held all game smh
Just let juju sit the rest of the game. We can manage without him
"""uWu we're not jinxing him don't worry uWu"""
"If I had to guess our record just based on these game threads I would guess that we're the 1-8 team. We haven't been dominating in many games this season, but this team has gotten the job done when the pressure is on. Cut our guys some slack."
Best celebration so far
Aw they got Juju a cake
The birthday cake celebration for Juju you LOVE to see it
Ben always throws one hilarious block a game lol
Ben with the 7-10 split
"Conner only averaging 8 YPC.

Stupid Fichtner."
Minkah has that Ed Reed ball hawk trait. The ball just finds him.
Edmunds got his pick baby! YESSSS! He’s been lights out all year after getting so much hate for little reason last year. Much deserved.
Only Ben’s fifth int this season and almost all of them looked like that
I love how offended Coach Cowher is on Ben’s behalf about Tomlin’s MAC comment. That’s the second time he’s mentioned it today lol
Yeah we'll wait till they see my release time when the Steelers get to 10-0
Anyone else hear that screech? Lmfao.
This team is absolutely handcuffed by Fichtner’s playcalling
I get Jack Lambert vibes from TJ Watt sometimes. That tackling style.
I may be drunk but I reflexively said awwwwwww when the whole team came off the sidelines to congratulate Terrell. This team just loves each other!!
Edmunds 2 int game would not have been on my prediction list
CAN Y'ALL STOP ASKING TO CUT EDMUNDS
"Seeing edmunds succeed is so amazing



Remember last year we had the Barron and old edmunds special"
"Congratulations on Alex Smith winning his first game back.

A goddamn warrior"
Juju got Mario Kart banana peeled by that ref.
"am I the only one who thinks Alex Highsmith will be the gem of our 2020 class? He has shown great play recognition, plays in coverage, and was said a stud pass rusher in college.

I'm pretty excited for the kid"
This is where Mason really shines.
"Lamar sucks man, I can’t wait to eat some rat birds on turkey day. 

10-0!!"
"Alright yinzers:

1. The Off is not going to get a TD on every drive.
2. The Def will not get 3 and outs every time.
3. Lets just have a calm relaxing 3 quarters before you start going ballistic.
4. thx
5. edit: too late omg"
Announcers love when shit like that happens.
Luton is scared lmao. Can’t blame him though I’d probably shit myself if I had to deal with our pass rush
"Obviously great play by mapletron, but that throw by ben on 3rd to Washington with pressure in his face, was outstanding!"
Dammit my stream is 1 full minute behind the live feed appatwntly so nothing i can comment is timely and anything I read hasn't happened yet.  :(
"Claypool is a fucking DOGG, I’m looking forward to this WR corps for years to come"
I love our WR / TE lineup this season sooo much. We CANT LOSE JUJU
Might have been the best deep ball throw by Ben all year
"So flag on a push, none for a punch... Got it. These refs are a joke anymore."
ThE rEfS lOvE tHe StEeLeRs
How the fuck did Johnson catch that? Holy fucking shit.
"Might not have been a TD, but that was an amazing play by DJ."
HOLY SHIT WHAT A SECOND EFFORT AND CATCH
"Hey for all of you guys on the fence or worse about DJ jumping on the bandwagon now, welcome. Refreshments are in the front. Please enjoy yourselves. Remember to say “molded after AB” at least three times during your trip."
Lol these Florida men they keep showing in the stands
Claypool is so good at drawing DPIs that every game haters will say the refs “saved” us
Run run pass special
When you’re 9-0 and have the second most 3 and outs in the league
"Stop. Running. On. 2nd. And. Long...

**and especially stop doing it with back-up running backs.**"
Cameras should be banned from getting near the blue tent
that scream was exactly how I felt holy fuck lmao
"I love seeing us Steelers fans caring that Burrow got hurt. We got some really good fans man, it's good to see."
Did Switzer put on Ray Ray’s jersey for that play?
The play calling is atrocious.  I’m pretty sure Fitchner has money on the under
Did you guys see that far ref just hold his flag lol
It sure would be nice if Tennessee and Philadelphia would help us clinch the division faster by winning today
"We should keep Juju out for the rest of this game, we need healthy players for Thursday.  Short week is a curse"
Man I can’t help but be happy for edmunds. You know he wanted those today so bad
Good for Edmunds. He's been underrated by a lot of fans so I feel good he's finally got the counting stats those guys care about. Plus if he can play the ball like today the ceiling for him shoots way up.
What an absolute steal by Edmunds.
The Eagles let down the entire state today.
What a finisher. You see the Ravens offense body language on the sidelines? They knew they were done.
"As Coach T says, there are still areas to improve upon. The best part is we are improving areas on a 10-0 team. The standard is the standard!"
"Bend, don’t break. Hopefully Ben is dialed in today."
Icing the kicker in the first
"Swear to god, every time they put one of those stats up."
Lol these announcers spending the whole game so far trying to jinx us
"So far d-line keeping the end zone gluten free

.


I'll see myself out"
2nd and 10. I swear if this is a run Randy...
"Haikusbot sure loves

This sub on game day. I think

Get me one more beer"
What the hell else does TJ have to do to get a flag. Blatant holds.
"Really? The INT would have been nice, but the holding on that play was ridiculous."
That TD celebration was precious and I never use that word
I love this WR core
Watch the NFL fine JUJU for some covid violation for blowing out his football candle
Best celebration ever
It's sure starting to look like we got a top 10 talent @ 49th overall
That dude threw a punch and got nothing
"Personal foul, 15 yard penalty for getting punched in the face"
Minkah is the most clutch player on this defense
"Minkah making picks, Large Benjamin throwing blocks. Ain't nobody overlooking the Jagoffs. 

We do need a Juju BD TD.

Time for a 2 minute drill by the guy who basically invented the shit."
Haha Harbaugh is fighting with titans players before the game. Ravens whole organization is a joke
"Man Alualu has been a good backup the previous years, but he's been a fucking revelation this year. Really playing well, even feels like an improvement over hargrave to, and that's saying something."
"I had complete faith the entirety of that run. 

*looks around nervously*"
DJ is AB 2.0 without the obvious issues
Diontae is a fucking monster today
"As a James Conner owner on my fantasy team, I did not appreciate the give to Snell there, but I will take the points as a Steelers fan first"
"Guys guys guys, now we're not 20 points in the lead, therefore we can't lose a 20 point lead again. Really, the int saved us"
This is looking like 2018 Steelers offense paired with the 2008 Steelers defense. Pretty incredible plays on both ends. I’m loving this season!
That was the most pathetic opening drive I could think of lol
Only the Steelers can make 17-3 feel like barely winning lol
"I really hate that Joe Burrow just got
Seriously injured. Even though he’s a bungle I like watching him ball."
Damn it Titans you're supposed to beat them not fall to them.
Sorry to hear about Burrow
 Burrow’s knee just got destroyed. Real tough break for the kid
Lmao who screamed
"Pops just started snoring, tells you how interesting this half has been"
Can we get JuJu a TD for his birthday :)
"Bullshit call, they've done that to us all game no calls"
I knew the quarter wasn't supposed to end there because of the penalty. But once the ads start rolling the NFL must stop. Gotta love it.
This Clay on Clay violence has to stop.
Refs are literally clueless
Claypool has prolly 3000 yards if you counted Pass interferences as yards
Juju twist his ankle on the flag or something?
"Claypool  6'4, 238lb and ran a 4.42 40. The dude is scary for anyone."
"Wait what happened they call the hold on against TJ?

How did that happen"
Is Terrell Edmunds elite?
That wasn’t even the top 10 holds on TJ today
Anyone talking shit about Edmunds based off last years play can kick rocks. He’s been good this year.
That was a great interception
"I didn't call 2 picks for #34, but good on him!"
"Holding call on tj followed immediately by Edmunds second pick of the day? Truly, these are the end times."
But ... But ... But ... eDmUnDs DoEsN't HaVe bAlL sKiLlZ?!?!!
"Remember when we signed Ebron and people told us ""good luck, he can't catch""? Fuck them."
10 and 0 has a nice ring to it.
Hope juju can play vs Ravens
">Joey Burrow
@JoeyB
 · Nov 22
Thanks for all the love. Can’t get rid of me that easy. See ya next yearRaised fist

https://twitter.com/JoeyB/status/1330616204172681222?s=20

done for the year"
"""That feeling when you're 10-0"" encroachment.jpg"
COME ON TITANS!
Pretty sure the pandemic postponed your honeymoon.
Thank you Derrick Henry!
Which one of yinz is at the game shirtless in overalls and a hard hat?
"Hey, ""EDMUNDS SUCKS"" guy, you wanna walk that back yet?"
"Here we goooo! 

Get ready for folks in here to live and die on each play lol"
Ian eagle is a fucking cunt. Fuck him.
Fucking announcer talking about jinxing it then he actually did jinx it
I really hate these announcers. Why do all announcers seem to be trash.
How many jinx graphics do they have queued up?
"I mean people are freaking out, it was one quarter. I get the slow start thing but we have only had the ball twice. One bad drive and another where we drove 50 yards but we just started at our own 5 so we weren’t in position to kick a FG or go for it. It’s gonna be fine."
U can just tell Ben hates these playcalls lol
TJ being put into a judo throw like every other play lmao
Lol tj just getting blatantly held
"Holding the fuck out of TJ watt, what are these refs looking at lol"
JARDIANCE CAN RUIN YOUR TAINT?!? Hard pass.
Claypool is ELITE
Nice to see the receivers celebrate Juju's birthday
Bro I fucking love Chase man. I hope he ends up with us long long term.
Claypool 10games/10 tds ROY!!!
now that celebration is great
Chase Claypool is my dad
Nelson pushed him and Chark through a punch
Minkah and clutch INT’s. Name a better duo
Jacksonville is in the redzone? Time to let Minkah do his thing
Drink every time Minkah bails out the rest of the D after a garbage drive
Best trades the org has ever made
Guys Minkah might be good at football
Alualu has been awesome this year. He's a serious difference maker.
Minkah is the the true Fitzmagic
"I've never seen Conner make runs like that, he looks so much faster today"
"Holy hell, DJ is a freak"
Now THAT was a Florida Steelers fan. Lol
"Jaguars: What are you doing?!

Steelers: We're burying you!"
"IF YA SNELLLLLLL

WHAT THE STEELERS ARE COOKING"
Fat guy just sitting there vibin'. My man.
"I love how it says ""WELCOME TO SACKSONVILLE"" in the background  as Edmunds gets a Pick"
"This team makes it impossible to buy a new jersey 

I’m torn between Claypool, DJ, Juju, Watt, or Minkah 

Honorable mention to Bush"
is bumped off his route another way to say interference
"Even if it meant missed calls against us, it’s refreshing having so few flags so far"
Ben now has as many ints on the season as he did in the 2017 game vs jax
"Diontae: James the team is in trouble, you ready?

James: Yea yea I'm ready.

Diontae/James: Fu-shin-HA!!!

Diontae Washington: This isn't even our final form."
"Ah yes, the 2nd and 12 rush attempt."
Wow who would have guessed a run run pass to start a half
How in gods name is Randy Fichtner still our offensive coordinator?
Ben should just go into the two minute offense on the first drive of each half.
"We need a sack, can’t break that streak"
"Everyone complaining about run-run-pass-punt, but what you all don't realize is that the McCloud play was technically a forward pass so... ya know... progress."
Haden walked off with no assistance. Fingers crossed
"Burrow injury

https://twitter.com/sharpfootball/status/1330601249402720256?s=21"
damn. Burrow is down hope he’s ok
Prayers up to Burrow
Gotta hand it to our guys wanting to check on the status of the Jags player.
Can Vance return by Thanksgiving?  Our run game definitely was far better with him blocking
Who screamed?!
You guys hear that person scream when Ben tossed that pass?
That scream haha
"Chik-fil-a: advertises heavily during nfl games. 

Also chik-fil-a: not open on sundays."
Why tf are we throwing short of the sticks every 3rd down?
This has officially been the most boring 3rd quarter i’ve ever seen
Ben shaking his head. He agrees the play calling is shitty.
Can we get a replay?
Show the replay.  Wtf
How can people complain. This is us. Undefeated. Would you guys rather have ravens offense ?
"""You get the feeling Pittsburgh D is finally exerting their will"" 

Sir they have 3 points in the 4th quarter"
"does Claypool not get the calls because he is a rookie?

I'm happy he doesn't complain but my god how much more obvious could it be"
I have few criticisms of Claypool...but I think he's missed a few makeable although contested passes. He will get better.
"Not running the ball on a 2nd and 1 and then 3rd and 1 against a 1-8 team up 17-3 in the 4th...

There's a serious lack of faith in the run block of this offensive line....

How far can you go without a run game?"
Wow that ref really didn’t want to throw that flag lol
"Jacksonville needs to stop pulling Chase’s jersey, seems like the universe doesn’t like it."
"Love seeing Boz back. He missed a 46 yarder on his first kick, doesn’t let it get to him, and cranks a 44 and 47. That’s how you bounce back."
Edmunds Island!
EDMUNDS WITH HIS SECOND
What a fucking grab by Edmunds!
edmunds changing the narrative????
Wtf i love Edmunds now
Holy shit Edmunds what a pick
Edmunds. Yes. Drag this drive out and end it
Edmunds having a career day lmao
What's going on here?  TJ got a call?
Somebody find the Edmunds hater and waterboard them.
I think with 2 interceptions today Edmunds passes Ike Taylor on the Steelers all time list
Edmunds playing like this zoinks me right in the jinkies
Put in Mason. Let Ben have a rest
My heart really appreciates these 2 weeks of heart attack free football
"Oh gosh JuJu hobbling around on the sidelines, hope he’s alright!"
"just a reminder that Jake Luton still gets paid at least the league minimum, which is like $600,000"
JuJu TAKE MY TOE!!!!!! HAPPY BIRFDAY!!!
"Lmao the lady screaming ""Happy birthday Juju""."
JuJu is a fucking treasure and I'm going to be heartbroken if they can't keep him
So Juju stepped on a flag and got hurt right? That is how it happened?
10-0. Let’s crush Ravens next week and clinch the division.
Browns could be second in the division
Game ball goes to Edmunds. Best game of his career so far
TJ Watt would lead the league in sacks if he wasn’t getting held every damn play
Best QB drafted in years just sacrificed himself for a team that couldn't bother to protect him
"Just realized I had some funds in fanduel. Made up an impossible $30 7 leg parlay to try for 16K. Wish me luck.

Took steelers at -10.5

Ben under 275.5 passing

Conner over 71.5 rushing

Jags under 29.5 points

Under 12.5 pts total in 4th qtr

Luton over 219.5 passing

And a PIT defense or ST touchdown"
Luton threw that one away as fast as I would have seen a Steelers' defender rushing me down without anyone blocking.
That's 12 batted balls at the line of scrimmage for Roethlisberger this year
“Talking about the jinx” jinx. Fucking Eagle and CD.
Asshole just jinxed us
As they talk about announcer jinxes they jinx it.
"D line looking good so far, getting pressure on J. Gluten."
It’s not even our second drive yet and people in this sub are already being a bunch of depressing lemons!
"Ben gets rid of the ball fast, because he is tired of getting hit."
"WR loves passing game with HOF QB


More at 11"
Astros cheated
"I'm so looking forward to winning on the last play with no time on the clock...


Sigh"
Run run incomplete punt
Not even 1/4 of the way through the game and we’ve got people throwing in the towel already lol
Hope Pouncey is okay
STOP RUNNING BACKWARDS RAY RAY
80 yard punt?!
"All three drives have stopped when we've decided to run on first and second down, bringing up third and long"
cant wait for the 2nd half where we finally (have to) abandon the run
We definitely look like the better team here. Hopefully it can start showing on the scoreboard.
"Look at the positives folks. Each run run pass is one drive closer to Ben taking command, and that’s where the fun begins!"
Are some of you really panicking? Jesus. Get some perspective. It’s early. We’re tied. We’re up 3 in the division. Best record in the league. Shit’s ok. Cool out.
I am glad that was incomplete because Watt was held
Does TJ get held half the time or is that just me
"They never call holding when TJ is being held. It's so fucking obvious. 

However, the Jags can't handle the pressure anyways, so fuck it."
HOLDING ON TJ HOLY FUCK...
These holds on watt are getting ridiculous
What a catch!!! MAPLETRON!!!
Juju blowing out the birthday football
AIR CANADA 🇨🇦
"One Claypool touchdown on the board, another one for my prediction to come true.

Seven touchdowns and he ties the record for most rookie touchdowns in a season."
BRO THAT BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION!!!!!!
Absolutely DYING at that celebration
"ESPN after that TD pass: ""nah that don't count."""
Chase Claypool is pretty good at football
That commercial is a disgrace and should be banned for destroying a beautiful song by Sir Elton John
O/U TD total for Claypool: 17.5.  Yeah Randy Moss. He’s coming for the rookie record.
What the fuck? Nelson gets punched and we’re cool with it??
MINKAH FROM THE TOP ROPE!!
FITZMAGIC FOR THE GOOD GUYS
"YEAH BITCH, FUCK YOU CONLEY, FUCK YOU CHARK"
That's my first round draft pick.
Can you even call that a block by Ben?
Ben’s “block” lol
Ben was a blocker whether he liked it or not LOL
Minkahs takedown would have made Khabib proud.
Who needs blocking Tight Ends when you have a blocking QB
That catch made me pull out the finger guns
"DJ gets so many targets because he always abuses corners as a route runner. even if his hands aren't ABs, he gets too much separation not to throw to him all the time"
Diontae keeps one upping himself with these catches.
Hey they just showed one of us on the TV wearing overalls!
SNELL! SNELL! MACH SNELL!!
ALL HAIL DIONTE AND MINKAH WE’RE NOT WORTHY
We get the ball back in the 2nd right?
Eh not really upset.
Fellas. There’s 9 seconds and you got one timeout. You go for the TD once then take the FG if you don’t get it
Officials just get tired of throwing the flag? Because Thomas threw Washington to the ground in the end zone.
"Luton's passer rating down to 15.0. 7-18 for 87 yards and two interceptions. If he took the snap and spiked it into the ground 18 times, his rating would be 39.3."
"""Dionte Washington"" according to CBS....."
Start with a jet sweep...../facepalm
"It seems unfair Coach Cowher has to wear a suit for the intermission show right now, let's get him a Steelers hoodie and sweats instead"
Bro we need to stop that jetsweep play. It was cool once. Everyone knows what we are doing
Randy Fichtner sucks
Why are they running our smallest RB up the middle??
I’m ready for offensive coordinator Ben Roethlisberger
"Alright Sack time, i feel it"
Fuck hope Allen is okay.
LOL AHHHH
Damn it's pretty bad if they are carting him off. Poor kid
Lmao who screamed right there?
[deleted]
Stopped watching at 3-3. Came back at 17-3 and haven’t scored since. Do I need to stop watching?
Why does CBS insist on using that low camera angle on punts. It’s impossible to see anything.
I could watch Dupree sack rookie quarterbacks all day.
It must be terrifying to just have Bud Dupree's giant hand appear out of nowhere when you're trying to throw a football
Juju takes hits to the helmet every time he has the ball
Claypool would be having a monster game if Claybrooks wasn’t grabbing him all day. Should have 3 PI calls right now
*small tug down below* 👀
Little tug? He was fucking hanging onto Claypool's jersey for 15 fucking yards.
"What the fuck is this ""just run in to Claypool on every play"" strategy?"
Looked like a hammy. Gotta keep those hammies loose.
"If your Hayden and you feel your hamstring pop like that, you take him down to avoid the touchdown. I think it was intentional"
lol at Claypool being such a massive human that guys get hurt just being near him
Kick the FG and bring in the back ups
Did Juju slip on the flag?
[deleted]
The refs flag injured juju
"Lol yall were expecting the team to lose the game.

Were up by 3 scores and ppl acting like were down by 28"
"https://twitter.com/Alex_Kozora/status/1330612126759710723?s=20

son of a"
It’s about time they call that
EDMUNDS!!!!
Edmunds got hands
Edmunds is having himself a game
"Edmunds, the fuckin madlad"
Edmunds ate his Wheaties this morning
Oh we're calling holding on TJ now? Sweet!
Edmunds coming up big today!!!
"Finally, a holding call"
NUMBER 2 FOR EDMUNDS
"EDMUNDS!!! Has he finally become the safety we hoped for? Always deadly against the run, now a ball hawk too??!"
I appreciate that the defense is making a no name QB look completely lost. Much better than the Dallas game or Driskel for the Broncos.
Edmunds is blossoming alongside Minkah. Having a future Hall of Famer back there with you is a good way to relax and ball out. That was one hell of an INT in the rain.
Holy shit what a grab Edmunds !!
Edmunds haters are in SHAMBLES
I'm so happy for Edmunds. He's been quietly improving every game and this is fantastic for him.
My dad literally just called that interception
Show me a second Claypool touchdown.
Lol fuck the guy saying edmunds sucks literally ten minutes ago. He probably on his dick now
This fucking defense!
"Wish I could pull out one of my dozen comments on how Edmunds is a great fit in Pittsburgh and is on the cusp of that next level of play, but I'll just let the boxscore do the talking."
Woman cleaning her glasses in the rain I feel her pain.
"It's time for Rudolph to take the field.

And definitely take DJ, Claypool, and Conner out of the game also."
"Juju is just doing a gangster walk, right?


Right???? 😞😭😟"
I'm starting to think we did sign Derek in order to pressure TJ to stay with the team
Really sucks about Juju. I don’t know how he comes back to play on a short week while he’s limping around the sidelines but we’ll see. He definitely looks upset as hell.
"How concerned should we be about Juju’s injury. He doesn’t look right, but at the same time, he’s on the sideline still and not the locker room"
Toe injury is probably the best case scenario. And he looks a little less sad now at least.
"Ugh. Let Rudy throw it. we should have 1,000 points if it wasn’t for RRRRRandy."
football players are so gosh darn big
Can we lend Minkah to Tennessee for the rest of the Baltimore game and get him back afterward? They need him more than we do at this very moment
"https://twitter.com/JoeyB/status/1330616204172681222?s=20

Burrows confirming he's done for the season"
"OK TITANS, MARCH DOWN THAT FIELD AND WIN PLEASE!"
I love Tomlin so fucking much.
All you people trashing Edmunds screw you
I wonder how long into the game it's gonna be before they bring up that Vilma and Ben were in the same draft again. For the 7474732th time.
Edmunds haters in shambles
"Steelers know they have the target on their back and that it’s now officially hot in the kitchen.

Steelers control the game from the start and win 31-17."
"This feels like one of those games that takes a year off my life. I’m expecting an ugly, come-from-behind win."
Is it wishful thinking that since tua is taking over in Miami that fits would make a better backup in pitt or am I on crack
Post Malone fucking sucks.
Clearly the game plan today is to blitz the hell out of Luton. It worked out pretty well those last two plays
"Thanks commercial


Just remembered I needed to buy 2 luxury vehicles for my perfect family of attractive mate and 2.5 average kids in my huge private driveway home


Brb guys"
"I respect the gutsy call, but thanks for the great field position 👍"
ANNOUNCER JINX
He missed because of that stupid graphic
Ian and Vilma are Hell’s commentary team
The Steelers aren’t going to lose this game but the problem is starting out like trash every week. That shit has to be fixed to win the one seed / super bowl
Are these announcers trying to do more jinx with these graphics
It’s so frustrating listening to the announcers on these games. Anytime the underdog does anything positive they act like it’s a huge deal
Bud looking fast today.
Luton getting rid of the ball like a man that doesn't want to get sacked.
I HATE announcer jinx'. Like seriously dude. WTF. INB4 Ben hasn't thrown a pick in such and such attempts. SMFH
"'No quarterback has been getting rid of the ball faster than Big Ben.'

I dunno Luton is letting it loose pretty damn fast to avoid even the chance of someone to sniff at a sack."
Claypool gonna have a monster game today. You can just feel it. Right in your buttocks.
"""Between the elevens""

I love this rookie, #1111 Chase Claypool."
"'Slow start for the Pittsburgh Steelers.'

As per usual."
This defense is absolutely mentally abusing this kid lmao
"Bud's going to beat himself up about that one, that was 6 easy points"
"Bud your bicep too swole, that could've been a pick"
"Run, run, 3rd and 8"
"Lets draft this quick, athletic, gadget type of player and only ever run him downhill between the tackles. 

Misusing the fuck out of McFarland"
"Running mcfarland like a power back straight up the middle is frustrating, run him outside in space and let him take advantage of that burst."
Juju better get some birthday presents in the form of TD passes this game!
Imagine thinking Fichtner isn’t pure shit when our offense only starts clicking when we let Ben call plays and air it out. Fichtner is predictable and lacks creativity on offense. Would love to see what a real OC could do with our offensive weapons
I think I just saw the most blatant hold on TJ I’ve ever seen in my life.
Damn the league really said fuck offensive holding this year
"""Almost turned into a pick"" should be our team motto this game, good lord

edit: We got the pick, fuck yeah Minkah!"
"Walmart: Let's celebrate what matters!

Me: Like living wages for all your workers?

Walmart: ... Like these fieldgoals!"
"Juju ""Hines Ward"" Smith-Schuster"
"There's no shame in passing the ball a lot when the running game isn't working Randy, you asshole. This team deserves a better OC. He's fucking awful."
So do we get to talk about Claypool as ROTY yet or?
Claypool already a stud
THAT WAS INSANE
CLAYPOOL ROTY
A+ celly
There goes that boy Claypool for his 10th TD in 10 games. Ben with the dime!
"10 touchdowns in 10 games, unbelievable"
Bro our wideouts are just top tier I love this team
Chase muthafuckin claypool the next steeler WR legend
Claypool is unreal. How do the Steelers find these wr
Announcers tryna make drama. Ball always goes to JuJu in the 2nd half.
Juju is a national treasure.
"01 personnel. This offense only works in it, week in and week out. 

This is taking 5 receivers, empty set, and letting your talent win. 

Is it sustainable long term? I do not know. I wish and hope other formations see success, but what I do know is that this 01 personnel is absolutely lethal"
"60 years since anyone's done what he's done, not a top ten rookie according espn? of course"
Fucking dumb from Nelson.
EZ PZ
BIG MINK!!!!!!!
"Who called that minkah pick.


Get back out here!!"
What time is it? Minkah time.
minkah was such a fucking steal for us
dude has a sixth sense for the ball jesus christ
MINKAH MY DUUUUDE!!!!
Ben 😂
Minkah swinging his dick at the whole Jaguars team on that drive
Talk shit get hit Jagoffs
"Beautiful, way to take away at least 3 points."
"Hell yeah, Fitz! WHO’S YA BITCHHHH"
That whole run is why we’re 9-0
The Alualu alley-oop!
Need to get some points of that turnover and put these Jags away early!
"Sick block Ben, lol"
"Had me in the first half Connor, ngl."
"Conner channeling a little bit of Barry Sanders there 

Running 50 yards for a 16 yard gain"
That was a “THERES THE HOLE. HIT THE HOLE! NO! NO! NO! OKAY WAIT! OKAY! YES!” kind of run
"Ben ""the bus driver"" Roethlisburger"
Sack this fucker. Keep the streak alive
Wait this one announcer guy is Ian but it’s actually I-an not EE-an?
HOLY SHIT
Impressive as hell by DJ
Fucking HANDS
"I've been waiting all day to say this:

""STEELERS NOW ENTERING THE HEINZ RED ZONE!"""
Wow. What a catch.
I'm starting to think that maybe panicking in the first quarter might have been premature.
"That's great coverage, but an even better effort by Diontae."
"Wow, Flava Flav has really let himself go."
Lol @ that Steelers fan chilling in the overhauls
EDMUNDS HAS LEVELED UP
We're now leading the league in INTs
"Ohhh Ben, I think we saw that happen just a couple games ago"
Whelp....that sucked...oh well...onto half #2
“Gets bumped off the route” yeah that’s called PI dude
How was that not dpi? Dude shoved him away
When I saw Ben step up in the pocket I thought it for sure was a TD.
That was the ugliest throw I've ever seen from Ben lol he heaved his whole body into that int
Ben the goat tackler
We still get the ball to start the second half. Ben tried to do too much but he’s Ben so not shocked
Cowher sending a message out to all the fuckboi fans lol
"2nd half goals- sack, JuJu TD, and another Mapletron TD"
The hell kind of juice did Berry drink during those weeks he had off this season?
Fuck Randy Fichtner
STOP CALLING THE DRAW PLAY PLEASE. JUST REMOVE IT FROM THE PLAYBOOK AT THIS POINT
Cmon the sack streak needs to stay alive
#84's helmet tho lol
Thank God he’s walking
I can see joe walking and jumping around on the sideline. He looks good
"Lol 
""FUCK THIS TENT RIGHT HERE"""
SACKKKKKK
Sack streak lives on!
The streak is alive!!
"the disrespect from the PA, said his name wrong"
Hopefully not a serious injury.
"Ok, Juju BD TD, let's go"
"Tee Higgins has been good for the Bengals this year, but they should have used that 2nd round pick on an offensive lineman. You need to protect your QB. I hope he’s ok"
"No booing from Pittsburgh fans? Par for the course, as we aren't classless"
Cincinnati. Where quarterbacks go to die.
Jfc can we please just let ben do his thing? How much failure/evidence do we need that the OC blows?
That scream came from joe in Washington just took awhile to hear it in Jacksonville…but in all seriousness I hope he has a speedy recovery
Fucking Chick Fil A showing ads on Sunday
Really wish they’d have taken the points at the end of the half. I’d feel better about this dogshit playcalling if they were up 3 possessions rather than 2
I’m guessing Ray Ray saw something the camera didn’t. He pointed to his right
"4rh and 1 nah, 4th and 6, going for it"
How is Randy not fired?!
2nd and 15 throw behind the LOS is basically the same issue as a 2nd and 15 run.
I don’t like seeing this offense stall over and over again against an inferior AND injury ridden defense!
They said Jags QB could have been a pro baseball player. After this game I think he’s going to wish he had tried that.
Just me or did the chippiness and shoving stop after halftime?  shit was getting ugly
Bud brought a body bag
That was the manliest tackle I've ever seen.
"Lots of no calls. Holding, PI, etc"
I swear 27 on the Jags keeps grabbing our receivers jerseys. If I’m recalling the player right he’s done it every time
Feel like they could’ve called PI on that one if they called the one on Edmunds earlier
Dude claypool is a PI MAGNET
I’ve never seen more opponents have players get injured....
I like how that ref debated throwing the flag on the steelers sideline lol
"Everyone after Claypool gets injured.

Keep that in mind Ravens."
Claypool the corner killer
Oh man I think that defender was hurt and trying to hold on to anyone to stay up.
"Maybe putting 5'9 DBs on a 6'4, 238lb receiver isn't a great idea"
Ok...this is getting dangerous...win by this minor score and get outta there
Yo keep Juju out. Let him get some rest
"Did JuJu get hurt stepping on the officials' flag?

Weird timing."
You guys need to chill out.. It’s 20-3.. they are a professional football team that almost beat the packers last week.
Jags are literally killing themselves trying to get back in this thing.
ANOTHER ONEEEEE
Finally gave watt a holding call!!!!
Let’s go Edmunds hell of a pick!!
Finally call a hold
Terrell Edmunds DPOY
So that's what has to be done for them to call a hold against tj. Got it
LETS GO EDMUNDS
Just grabbed it lol
TERRELL baby
Holy shit Edmunds
Edmunds has made a huge leap this year and I hope fans can finally stop shitting on him
wow what a fucking pick
PICKSBURGH
It’s time to admit that Terrell Edmunds has become a quality Safety.
Titans in the red zone.
I'm starting to feel bad for Luton. Any other defense and he might be having an okay day.
IF THEY CANT SCORE WE CANT LOSE
"So we are up 27-3 

#CAN YALL STOP BITCHING NOW"
RAVENS MIGHT LOSE TO THE TITANS LOL
I fucking love seeing us throw with a 2 score lead with 7 minutes left. Put these teams away and don't let them back in it.
Titans lead the Ravens.
"Pull Ben! Put in the Reindeer!!!!! 

Man that feels nice to say without it being a criticism."
how good is this fucking team though? I know this isn't the Chiefs but this teams only real weakness I've seen for more than a quarter at a time is run blocking.
Damnnnnnnnnn........ were really spoiled to be sad about not having that be a pick six lmao
THAT'S MASON RUDOLPH'S MUSIC
2 INTs for each of our safeties today
Don’t like juju limping around esp on a short week against the ravens
Let Mason throw 😔
"They said Juju is fine to go back in if needed, cut to him hobbling on the sideline."
Anyone here that lady screaming happy birthday “ —- “?
"You know Dasher and Dancer and Prancer and Vixen
Comet and Cupid and Donner and Blitzen
But do you recall
The most famous reindeer of all?
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
You would even say it glows
All of the other reindeer
Used to laugh and call him names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say
""Rudolph, with your nose so bright
Won't you guide my sleigh tonight?""
Then how the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
""Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
You'll go down in history""
Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
Had a very shiny nose
And if you ever saw it
You would even say it glows
All of the other reindeer
Used to laugh and call him names
They never let poor Rudolph
Join in any reindeer games
Then one foggy Christmas Eve
Santa came to say
""Rudolph, with your nose so bright
Won't you guide my sleigh tonight?""
Then how the reindeer loved him
As they shouted out with glee
""Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer
You'll go down in history"""
I recognize none of these numbers.
smile in the sunshine juju my man you’ll be good
Dude that girl is a keeper.
"This game has gone well, Titans got it tied up with Buttimore, get that coin toss boys, put us wayyyyy ahead of them"
Did you postpone your marriage or did COVID-19?
No trap games here. Time to roast some ratbirds for Thanksgiving. 10-0.
"Meh, I’d rather have them take the home run shot than 3 tbh."
"I'm not gay or whatever, but I'd have sex with Chase Claypool"
"Still no flag.

Refs are a joke"
LOL Ratbirds.
I’m sitting in line to get tested for COVID so this game thread is my current lifeline
"Back with Chinese food, dogs and myself are in our jerseys, good weed is ready to go, and the victory pre-roll is on standby.

Let's fucking do this."
Okey wait when do I start panicking
Huge hold on mondeaux on that big run.
Bend don’t break
Good stop there. Let's go boys.
"I'll take them just putting three on the board. 

Now let's hope the offense doesn't come out weak."
Jags have NOTHING to lose. Definitely need to be aware of crazy stupid big gains on trick plays.
It's a little weird a QB as big as Ben has so many balls swatted down at the line.
I hate playing Jacksonville so much
"Welp he was due for a miss, Boz still balling out this year."
Announcers Jinx
Well he had to miss eventually. At least it wasn’t a do or die situation. I love me some Boz.
Honestly hate kicking fgs in their territory
"I blame Charles Davis 100% for that miss, and I’m still happy we have him over Vilma."
I wish I could punch both the announcers right now.
"You know, I'd be pretty happy if these announcers shut up so we could watch the rest of the game in silence."
The NFL has to do something about their announcers. I’m glad Pat Mcafee said something. These guys are atrocious and it gets worse on the bad games
How many shows does CBS have about the FBI? I swear there’s like 10 per year
Is there a stat for a qb with most tipped passes by defensive line? I have a feeling this year that Ben's balls have unusual ratio of being touched by defensive lineman. Anyone has any insight? Is it something about his technique?
Ok offense needs to score a TD now
Defense is going balls to the wall 💪🏼
"That QB is ballsy for a rookie, I bet he's got at least one INT in him today. He's going to be overconfident after having a decent start."
You can tell how terrified Lutton is of the pass rush and it’s FUELING me
2nd and 10 runs. Why? Just why?
Why can’t we just play an 8-1 team instead?
"Everyone givin up already, we got this guys"
Bud looks like a crazy man out there today. Jeez.
Randy trying his best to get praise from Bill Cowher at half time. What a horribly unimaginative OC he is. Remember when we would mix things up a few years ago when we were lighting the league up on offense? Why don't we try a little bit of that? Maybe mix in some no huddle and let run run pass punt take a break for a while.
Is Matt Canada a viable option at OC? Loved watching his team at Maryland
"AAHHH BUDDDDD, Hes having a game thoooooo"
"LOL Wentz 50-yard INT returned for TD. I know it’s the Browns, but hey they’re not winning the division"
Heyward in coverage? Lol
OUR DEFENSE IS EATING. WAKE TF UP OFFENSE
"Annoying how slow we can start at times, but we just aren't going to lose this. No need to panic"
Chill people. It's only 3-0. Lots of time
oh my god the list of side effects on this commercial is longer than the rest of the commercial
Diontae Johnson is really making a name for himself
How the fuck did Conner turn a surefire loss into a minor gain?
the run run pass has killed every drive
simmer down yung padawans
"So we're moving the ball through the air, and yet we run on two consecutive plays. Honestly should be throwing on every play with all the depth at WR. If we want to run the football, then that's when do short throws."
Claypool being on the sideline on 3rd and long is insane
"-	gets to their side of the field
-	having luck with passing with a run sprinkled in
-	run run pass field goal"
Let’s run our power back outside and our speed back inside. It’s brilliant. Trust me
"Time to take the 2nd and long runs out of the playbook.

Time to take the 2nd and long runs with not-your-starting-RB out of the playbook and incinerate them. Stalled out two drives."
Hold but whatever
"How the fuck are they calling ahold against TJ.

Fuck already"
Y’all see Watt get choked on that 3rd down
Me: FUCWOOOONOOOO!!!
Watt got mugged.
"Jardiance: lower your risk of heart attack

Side effects include: literal ass explosion"
Juju is a tank
CLAYPOOL ROTY
I knew the big play to Claypool would connect this week
They're having so much fun out there :')
CHASE GOD DAMN CLAYPOOL!!!!
🎂
We are really handing the ball off to McCloud now.. but thank god for MAPLETRON
claypool is going to be a legend
"Hell yeah, Claypool TD!!!

10 TDs, 10 games, and hopefully now, the 10th win of the season!!"
MAPLETRONNNN
holy fuck I love Claypool lmao 10 damn touchdowns and he's not a top ten rookie lmaooo
"Roethlisberger, Perfectly Thrown

&#x200B;

Touchdown Steelers!!!"
LETS GO CLAYPOOLLLLL
Claypool is damn near a cheat code
Yessss! Great throw by Ben to the best rookie in the league.
That birthday celebration lool
We still worried about Ben rubbing his elbow or nah?
Big Ben is looking accurate today.
I love our tall boy.
Mapletron 🐐🐐🐐
LET'S GO D!!!
"So that Rakuten commercial just gonna slide thru with no comments, eh?"
"Keeping the tradition to only enter GT when we scored a TD.

Well hello fam, let‘s go!"
"Boston, Hill, And Groman sounds like a law firm."
Steve Nelson penalized for getting punched in the face
HE FUCKING PUNCHED HIM WTF
I mean that should’ve been a penalty on Nelson but really nothing on JAX for punching a dude in the face?
"The shove was stupid and deserving of a penalty, but isn't throwing a punch a straight ejection?"
"holy shit, we are going to have a serious brawl b4 halftime at this rate"
FUCK YA MINKAH
Minkah Fitzmagic
update: minkah just made me hard again
Alualu baby
YES!!!  MINKAH!
BAH GAHD THAT'S MINKAH FITZPATRICKS MUSIC!!!!!
I turn the game on and see the turnover
"I love the good old announcer curse...

""They're still in this if they score..."""
I thought was time for an interception hehehe
NOSE FOR THE FOOTBALL. CANT BE TAUGTT
Ben sprung that run
"Ben with that block, wow"
Ben thought about throwing a block down but then thought better 😂
Minkah has some kind of sixth sense or something man. He just always seems to be in the right place at the right time
Can Minkah sign my soul please
Lmao at this sub saying Conner sucked last week when today is just more proof our run blocking is complete doodoo
Alualu is making Hargraves departure a total non-issue.
"Guys, Diontae Johnson is pretty good."
Steelers water girl is thick AF
Ben is making THROWS today.
Nice grab
Helluva catch by Diontae.
I guess DJ is the man today
Our receiving corps is sneakily one of the best in the NFL
WHAT A FUCKING CATCH DJ!!!
ARE YOU SHITTING ME WHAT A FUCKING CATCH
"Go DJ, thats my DJ!"
DJJJJJJ
"Holy shit, what a fuckin' catch!"
DJ nice recovery on the bobble
Now THAT is how we do it
Let's go! Needed that TD before the half.
It's Steely McBeam!!
I like the flava flav style steelers logo necklace on that dude
So sick of these announcers labelling what is clearly DPI as good coverage.
57 takeaways since last season?! Jesus..
R/Steelers is in SHAMBLES!!
"I’ll take those picks all day but I hope we get a sack at some point, want to break that record for consecutive games with a sack. Two games away right now"
Lol they just push Washington away to get an easy INT and hoped the refs didnt call it. Jesus
Big Ben and shoe string tackles. Name a better duo
All of Ben’s interceptions this year have been inconsequential
Is that not DPI? I mean he hit him off his route as the ball was in the air?
At least Ben got the tackle and saved 7 the other way
I liked how we were going balls to the wall trying to score at the end of the half
That really wasn't a terrible throw from Big Ben
I'm honestly more happy that they didn't take it back for a pick six there than disappointed about the interception. He was flying to our side of the field
My favorite Rookie: Dionte Washington
"Ravens can't beat a good team, change my mind."
That shit is all Fitchner. Absolutely ridiculous how he just keeps trying it
Berry is really redeeming himself these last few weeks
Run run pass punt
That 3 and out was my bad guys didn't have my beer ready
"run-run-pass

The Randy special"
Run run pass https://imgur.com/gallery/xe3jOtE
"T-Mobile: Who says you can't have it all?

Me: Literally you when my phone loses signal as soon as I walk into my office..."
I'm starting to get worried that or sack streak might end today. They can't get there before he gets it out
Fuck id rather be 9-1 then lose valuable players especially with Ravens game Thursday
he walked off which is a good sign
Great seeing Haden walk off
HADEN IS JOGGING ON THE SIDELINE PRAISE LORD
Okay good to see Haden up and walking around on the sideline.
"we need a sack, cmon defense

edit: WE GOT A SACK"
SACK
I really wish TJ would just throw a fit to the refs because he's being hugged on every fucking play
My god the holding
SACK STREAK STAYS
Nice hold on TJ there
Stephon TUTT lmao
"Joe Burrow just got carted off, hate to see it :/

EDIT: Looks like left knee"
Almost our entire defense has a chance to be All-Pro this year. That’s pretty crazy.
[deleted]
Injuries. They suck
"sucks that burrow got injured like that. he's a real talent. bungles need to ge a real oline, whatever it takes."
I love that even though this is a testy game our guys still showed support to Josh Allen.
Damn armed guard outside the blue tent necessary?
go for it
"Shit Burrow looked like he was in some serious pain there. 

Bengals might have finally broken Burrow."
So no Conner at all in the 2nd half? Cool cool cool cool cool cool
"Remember when people were saying Ben was the worst QB in the division, lol almost forgot about that."
Shouldn’t Chick-Fil-A also refrain from advertising on Sunday as well?
Wow awful spot.
What kind of spot is that? He clearly got it.
Our O line does not block for shit on 1st down runs
1st down run for 0 yds fuck yeah
YES A 2&15 SCREEN I LOVE IT
3rd and 13... Seems like a run play from Randy
"This offense is one of the most puzzling offenses in the league. Sometimes they look great, other times they look clueless."
1-8 team and we have had like 3 3rd down conversions out of however many
CAN WE SCORE SOME POINTS
Are we just playing now to get to Thursday?
Lmao that choke slam
"I mean. He *kinda* hit him the head, but no one say it too loudly."
I can't believe I didn't notice that whenever somebody else gets a sack TJ copies their celebration.
If we had a run game we could just take 7 minutes off the clock but noooo
Pounce running down to JuJu to pick him up says everything.
Geez every other play in the NFL has a player injured this season.. this is almost feels like the hunger games
We just got flagged for that but no call again
How many times are they going to get away with pulling the jersey this game?
"Conner is playing well, I don't get why we're going 5 wide on 3rd and 1"
"Not gonna lie bros, this game is kinda boring haha."
"So do the ref squads let our opposing teams know how many penalties they get to have before the game?

I mean I'm sure they already tell them that they spot them 20 holes against TJ but."
claypool is brutally murdering these dbs
Claypool is like feast or famine.
Dam finally that was like 3 plays in a row.
Claypool must have some sort of curse on these DBs if they touch him.
about time the refs had eyes
Jesus Christ the Jags are dropping like flies.
Claypool is a allowing Ben to channel his inner Flacco
Jesus everyone is getting hurt today. This is awful
Db got hurt so he threw himself at claypool to stop a free td. Smart play tbh
What is Claypool made of?  DBs are going down like flies when they try to cover him
Let’s score and get our boys out the game and get a head start on some rest for an early week against Baltimore.
Did juju really get hurt on a penalty flag
Think about it... Do we ACTUALLY need refs to throw flags
Dick's Wings
3 score game. 10-0 coming lads
The Jags field is fucking terrible wth
Offense needs to be better. This jags defense is god awful and decimated with injuries
Oh look. We scored in the 2nd half.
I wanted juju to be more involved but Ben doesn’t seem to throw to him much
Juju looked very uncomfortable on the sideline. Hope he's okay
3 position lead with 10 minutes left? Here comes the fuckery!
Is it raining again or is my steam just shit?
There's literally a Jaguar body down every play
"Nice INT, way to keep an eye on the ball."
EDMUNDS AGAIN!?!? HOLY FUCK
finally called one
Edmonds!!!!!
TWO FOR EDMUNDS BITTCCCHHHH
HOLY HELL EDMUNDS WHAT A GRAB
Why even have an offense
As much as you bitches bitch about the offense. Give the defense love
Edmunds is the man!
TERRELL!!! Here We Go!!
Lol fuck the ratbirds way to go titans
"Umm, why is Ben still in the game?"
"Steelers at 10-0

“What did it cost?”

“A first round pick.”"
Go titans
Mason Rudolph time now
"I saw Steelers fans on twitter crying saying they hope this is just them playing down to their competition lol if this playing down, then I'll take it"
Let’s put mason in we good
Ebron has been really really good for us
"I’m so happy for the team, but I feel awful for JuJu right now. It’s one thing to be on the field and just not be the one making plays, but being injured is different. Especially on his birthday."
I’m really impressed with Sutton’s progress this year
What's it gonna be Luton? Sack? Another inteception? Maybe a fumble?
That stat’s just mean lmao
Am I a homer or does TJ get held every play? Legit question.
TWO FOR TWO BABY!!! MINKAH AND EDMUNDS WITH TWO INTERCEPTIONS EACH!!!!!
Minkah is kinda disproving that theory that DBs are wide receivers who can’t catch
We're just being mean at this point lol
oh look the human victory cigar is back out there
Safeties absolutely feasting on Luton today
"Edmunds can not lead the team in INTs in a game by himself

-Minkah"
Rudolph time again? Oh man insult to injury.
More interceptions than points allowed lol
Glad we put the 2nd team in. Gotta be ready with the A Team for Thursday
"My lord, safeties are on FIRE right now"
WE WANT BAMA
COME ON TITANS!!
This team fucking rules
At least Mason’s getting much-needed experience while giving Ben a well-deserved rest.
how bad our Oline is at run blocking....is very very very concerning
"I woke up right around game time and went to the living room to watch the game. Just then, I hear a loud crashing noise from somewhere in the house. I find that it was in my bedroom, that my mirror came crashing down and shattered everywhere and some glass was on the bed. I was like holy shit the Steelers are going to get crushed today lol. 

Thankful for this."
Ravens to OT
Damnit Titans defense. That was a brutal defensive stand
I love the energy our locker room has now it’s a far stretch from what it was before
CMON TITANS TAKE MY FUCKING ENERGY!
That girls a keeper
"If you can’t find a woman who would postpone their honeymoon or wedding for the Steelers, then what’s the point. That dude better hold onto her and never let go"
oh course the announcers fucking jinxed us
AS SOON AS THE FUCKING ANNOUNCER SAID CHRIS BOSWELL IS ON A HOT STREAK I KNEW HE WAS GONNA MISS. Yeeeesh announcers curse
"So this is gonna be another game where TJ Watt is just allowed to be tackled to the ground to make things fair, huh"
"So much negativity here. We’re up 14, R-E-L-A-X"
Claypool has injured 3 DBs today by landing on them. Is this like part of our strategy? Lol
Fuck you Ian Eagle
Why do commentators ALWAYS jinx kickers with their stats? I hate it here
"Change in Plans: 

Spent too much on beer and Xanax watching the Stillers"
Let Ben run the offense. I’m sick of our awful OC.
Are we just playing conservative and letting the defense do work? We’re not in a big enough lead to be calling shit plays like these.
Let that be a lesson to you. Nobody commits pass interference five times in a row without a flag on my watch.
Greetings from the stadium where it’s about 70% black and gold
"Wings ordered, Mug chilled, Lager ready, T-shirt on.

_HERE WE GO_"
"I got this 11% Christmas ale, ima die. Go Stillers!"
Well
Pssst: yinz gotta tackle Robinson! Pass it on!
The sky is falling!
Patented belly to back sackplex by TJ
Honestly that drive being a field goal gives me huge hope this game. Any other time I would’ve looked at how that went and said “They def getting a TD already”
Keep blitzing him. Luton looks awful against the blitz
Not too bad of a drive considering the 12 yard run was one of the biggest holds of all time on Mondeaux
There’s been pressure on almost every single play. If we get up on them and make them pass it’s over.
Well that was interesting.
LMAO bold
Anyone got the stats on how many batter balls at the line this season? Seems higher than normal
Of course that happens when they talk about his streak
Why the fuck did they have to jinx it
Dp a fake since they iced us
Perfect weather and he shanks it. Cmon man not the Jags
These announcers are annoying AF
Diontae Johnson reminds me of Regigas. Has pretty good stats but he’s got that slow start
"JAX gives up the most points to opposing teams on opening drives? Of course we fail to score against them.

Just like teams like Dallas gave up the most rushing yards per game and we had no running game against them. Figure it out Fitchner."
Fuckin troll announcers
"I am not worried. Starting terrible is our thing, it appears."
Lol at the people blaming the announcers for a “jinx” when that snap was absolute trash
"""Hey there are Steelers fans here....let's show bored children""

Fuck you, CBS"
"So...


Gonna be one of these games..."
Fuck it.  Time for d-line to feast.
Holy shit it's just awesome to watch Mike Hilton juke a lineman and get in the backfield to get the tackle. So important against the run.
The Steelers really do get all of the shitty teams best punches....
One of these days that blitz is going to smoke this kid
"Lord, the Jags are horrible at reacting to a blitz lol"
The blitz is working against this kid
I think Ray Ray should have let that one bounce
Not Ray-Rays finest moment
"Killer field position our first drive. Not so much our second.

We got this. Here we go!"
"Is anyone listening to steelers radio? I just started listening this year, it sounds like there's someone on mic who I don't recognize, does anyone know what I'm talking about, or can provide context?"
Happy birthday son of Ben
"Conner doing exactly what he needs to. Pushing outside to open lanes before cutting upfield, being decisive, using quick cuts to set up blocks, etc."
Chase the dude Claypool.
"Shit, Pouncey got rolled up a little there"
"Jet sweep isn't working, try something else Fichtner."
I saw that run coming. Fichtner running on 1st is predictable
Run run pass and Randy Fichtner name a more iconic duo
Berry did some training when he didn't have a job
Every non-Steeler this week: wHy ArE yOu ScArEd??
Did berry just not take his job seriously until he got canned?
"Our gameplan is always try to force the run. Then it turns into, ""Ben, just do your thing""."
I thought we were getting a safety. :(
Luton why do you run from defensive hugs?
80 yard punt
At least the defense came to eat today.
Did Ray Ray forget how to return punts?
That punt was ridiculous
man this defense is just electric to watch
Just keep running you'll break one sooner or later just stop going backwards!!
Ben needs to take a shot deep. I’ve seen a couple times where it’s one on one on the outside and they pulled the safety in...
"I’m working today, is the sky falling yet? Thread isn’t hyper negative"
"'Are you depressed? Try this medicine. It might make your immune system attack your organs which will lead to death but the couple of weeks you're upbeat is totally worth it before you die from organ failure.'

The fuck are these ads?"
Conner runs 38 yards for a gain of 2.
"McFarland is a good back, but he seems better in space with the amount of speed he has"
"Gentry down again? Damn it.

Ebron stay strong."
Run run incomplete again?
"I'm fine if we win with 8 FGs.

A win is a win"
Fichtner's playbook: RUN RUN PASS PUNT.
Randy “Run Run Pass” Fichtner
I literally sit here and yell at my tv for them not to run it again on 2nd and long
Watching Randy's play calling is like slamming your head into a brick wall.
man that run run pass on their side of the field will work eventually /s
"The run run pass when we're on the verge of scoring is infuriating. It's not the wrong call all the time, but it's the wrong call when Ben's hot and you're in striking distance."
Could you imagine this offense with someone like Andy Reid calling plays? Or just let Ben do it FFS.
"""out of the jinx business"" my fuckin ass"
LET BEN LOOSE
There’s gotta be a point where Big Ben just has to stop listening and start calling the plays
Remember this offense does a lot to figure out what works. We're gonna tag this defense. Patience.
I can't imagine how annoying these next gen stat commercials are for your team when they are having an awful system.
"I’m not at all worried about this game, not even in the slightest, but Jesus fucking Christ let’s finish a drive"
"I do love all the 'omg we can't run' people.  You have such bad football knowledge.  You can't start the season with multiple hundred rusher games and be bad at running.  You can scheme poorly and lose your big time blocking TE.  Blame Randy, you are all VERY USED TO THAT."
Luton is getting rid of these balls so fast the moment he senses pressure. He wants no part of our front seven.
Is TJ ever gonna get a holding call?
"Most egregious hold of all time on TJ, cannot believe that wasn’t called"
Why does watt get harassed every play
"Gotta say this games going exactly how I thought it would so far, classic jags game. If we are still playing like this after half time.. then i’ll start to sweat"
I'd like one 71 yard TD pass please.
"In the words of Mike Tomlin ""Let's not try to manufacture a run game today for balance; let's win the game"""
Yall. Watt won’t get holding calls against. He just won’t. He’s too athletic. You can **literally** call holding against him every play. And you obviously can’t do that as an official. So you have to just not call any.
Worshington coming up big
Warshington.
"'He can run a two minute offense at any point of the game.'

What if there's 10 seconds left on the clock?"
He fucking looped it you hear that boys.
Mapletron!! 🇨🇦🇨🇦
THATS TEN MAPLE SYRUP BOTTLES!
This rookie is broken good
TD CLAYPOOL
Glad I started Chase!
CHASEE
Mapletron!!!!
OROY!
HAPPY BDAY HAHAHAH
Perfect throw from Ben
MAPLETRON
CHASEEEEE
Claypool ROTY
That was a good deep ball by Ben
MAPLETROOOOON! Lets GOOOO!
Look at the success that they have the instant that they go to the no huddle. Why does Randy wait so long for us to try it? We should be up by a couple of scores at least.
The reflection on that mask scared me lmao
Now we gotta get that sack D
That. Is. Unbelievable.
Why was baby Chark doing the same thing not a penalty also
"Nelson, what are you doing man?"
Punching a helmet such a smart move bruh!
How is a push worthy of a flag? Because the offense retaliated and our guy started it? Makes no sense.
Calm down boys. No need to get tossed from a game against the Jaguars
minkah so disrespectful.... i love it
Steve Nelson needs to get his head in the game wtf man
Minkah had enough and put that run down.
Hell yeah MINKAHHHHHHH
FUCK YES
Alright! Fitz!!
HEY MOTHER FUCKER THINK YOU CAN JUST MAKE A CLEAN TACKLE FUCK YOU FIGHT ME
Hold 'em for three.
"I love Minkah. I didn’t know this, but evidently my type is “splash play safeties”"
"You know Jacksonville was talking shit to our team probably talking all this ""you ain't going defeated today"" c'mon boys."
How is Minkah always in the right spot lmao
LMAO MINKAH!!!!!
It's borderline suspicious how perfectly positioned Minkah is for these picks. The man can predict the future I think
"Blocking Ben is best Ben...


Lol"
I LOVE THIS FUCKING DEFENSE. TALK YOUR SHIT. DONT LET THIS 1-8 TEAM TRY TO ACT TOUGH.
FUCK YEAH MINKAH
MINKAH MOTHERFUCKING FITZPATRICK
MINKAHHHHHH
LETS FUCKING GO MINKAH TALK YO SHIT
Barry Conner
Conner is having a nice game
MINKAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I LOVE YOU
"Finally we capitalize! 

2 missed picks, but we really only needed this one"
Did Connor get faster?
See flair for comment
Redzone D can’t be fucked with
Ben throwing blocks lmao
conley punching the air on the sideline rn
Ben... sometimes you are better off actually throwing a shoulder or cut block instead of that fake block you do haha
MINK MINK MINK BABY
You ain’t getting through Ben
How is that not an additional 15? Tackled by the fucking jugular
BIG BLOCKIN' BEN
THAT BEN BLOCK THO
"Conner is fucking putting on a show today. 

Big Ben with the block too!!"
That's my first rounder!
Ben blocking better than our O-Line today
"Remember saying Minkah was a no show, we stupid some times"
Best block by Ben I’ve ever seen.
10 points on those 2 upcoming drives would be nice and I could relax a little.
Ben charging his lazer
Damn. Big Ben out there lookin like Daniel Jones the GOAT
What a fast half
this team is special man holy shit this is great
Dj is it guys
"Johnson making it look easy. 

Torch the clock for the score and then start the second half by doing what? That's right putting another seven on the board!"
AWESOME EFFORT
Yo catch of the week ?
Holy fuck DJ.
johnson that was SICK
That's an insane catch from DJ there
Holy balls what a catch
"DJ is such an anomaly.

He’ll drop something easy but make nuts catches like that"
"Benny with the Jets.

Lets go"
Fuuuuuuck yeah FUCK JACKSONVILLE
I think our receivers are good
"You guys, we look really good right now."
"still thinking about that catch, holy moly and now we got the td"
"THAT'S BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL, BABY"
I swear they always have Snell as the power back but shouldn't it be Conner? I wonder why they do that.
ya aint playin Mason Rudolph anymore Schobert
And - we get the ball after the half ;)
"No matter how good or bad they are, always feels good kicking the shit out of the Jags. Fuck Duval."
Diontae is a monster.
Sickest catch since AB was on the squad. Reminded me of that Chiefs catch where it was tipped and he recovered for the TD.
"As a Steelers fan, that makes me happy. As a Conner fantasy owner, that is absurdly upsetting"
"You: Benny Snell football


Me, an intellectual: Benjamin Snell National Football League participant"
"Alright yeah the world's gone insane, Edmunds got a pick. 

(I'm very happy about it)"
Defense!
"Guys, this is just a friendly reminder:

DEFENSE WINS CHAMPIONSHIPS"
Guys get in here Edmunds did a thing!!
We look like a 9-0 team right now.
That was an absolute dime to Edmunds
Terrell has bloomed into a beautiful daisy
Conner with 69 yards
Claypool just runs by guys. Didn't the draft experts say he was supposed to be slow?
Does any WR get held more than Chase?
Damn that’s sucks. Not too mad at it though
"would have been nice to have the pts, but not upset"
That PI really saved them cuz Claypool had him beat easily for that TD.
We would’ve gotten only 3 more points why not try to go for the td we get the ball back after half anyway
Ben is an elite defensive player.
I mean a full shove to the chest but I won’t complain
These Jags uniforms look like the villain team in a coming-of-age football movie.
Ben's our best 2 way player.. nice tackle
Yeah I see what Ben was thinking... woulda Ben a tudder if Washington wasn’t blocked off
Straight up shoved back Washington... how was that call missed?
Wash tried to sell DPI instead of playing the ball there. Wasn't really on Ben.
How have we not gotten a sack yet lol wtf
It looked like Washington may have been trying to sell that bump a little. Oh well solid 2nd quarter all around
How does Lamar go 4/11 for 54 yards in a half and they still have 14 points?
"Say that PI gets called, do we try to punch it with the ball on the goal line or take the three with only having one play before the half?

I am good taking that shot we did. Boz has been hugging the left upright and already had a miss and I would lean on a PI being called there but since there was already one on the drive the refs already met the maximum amount of help to the Steelers in a game."
"I've got the Ravens-Titans game on the TV and the Steelers game on my laptop and the half-time shows of the two are almost synced up word for word, it is wild."
2&12 run?
Not a fan of how they’re using McFarland
We run the same run plays every game no shit we aren’t doing well
Running on 2nd and 12? Okay
WHAT IS THIS PLAYCALLING
If we are going to give the ball to McFarland it needs to be in space. They are misusing him.
2 runs for -1 yards. Niceeee
"I mean, defense is easy when you know what's coming."
James Conner averaging over 8 a carry but we don’t even have him on the field
Obligatory Randy should be calling plays for  peewee football and not the NFL.
Tf was that playcalling?
Terrible play calling
Berry starting to put up some good punts after realizing he can be cut and life outside the Steelers sucks.
"Just so I’ve got this straight- McFarland up the middle, conner to the outside?

And a play designed for Ray Ray?

Doesn’t make a ton of sense to me"
"Underwhelming drive there. Jet sweeps havent works for 3-4 weeks, draw on 2nd and long because Steelers and heave it deep and hope on 3rd. Not really in agreement there."
"At this point, I'm pretty sure there's a clause in Fichtner's contract that if he calls run run pass a certain amount of times per game, he will get a bonus"
What is that facemask? Yikes.
Give him that special shot Ben gets...
Blue medical tent mic drop lol
Defense hungry for the sack.
HE. LIFTS. WEIGHTS.
No mortal can keep Joe Haden down
"Uh oh, I think our sacks record is gonna come to end today.

EDIT: Phew!"
He’s good!!!! Thank the bosgod!!!!!! Oh this dark clouds just dissipate away and now we’re good
Watt just gave the jax rb a helmet noogie
Sack
SACK BABY
There it is!
Yes! There’s our streak
The streak is alive and well!!
SACK STREAK CONTINUES
"The right tackle jumped early again, but I think the officials are getting bored."
The streak goes on!!!
SACK!!!!! FINALLY! THE STREAK CONTINUES
"Steeler sacks are like Thanos, inevitable."
TJ giving helmet nougies haha
"Everybody: no sacks for the steelers today, hmmm

Sack streak: the reports of my demise have been greatly exaggerated"
Watt and Ogunbowale hugging it out 😭 On Wisconsin
Steelers doing alright. I want more DEFENSE.
The Bengals already killed Joe Burrow?
Haden back on the sideline now. Looks good.
AHHHH
We gonna see mike  glennon soon?
"We have to, no we *must* fire Fichtner at the end of the season. He's as bright as a 2 watt lightbulb"
Haden back on the field for the Steelers
Chick Fil A ads on a Sunday is just taunting at this point.
watch the fake!!!
Dupree just dislodged more lung material out of Luton then a Doctor aspirating a Covid patient.
Why the fuck is the offense back on the field AFTER losing 5 yards?
This is why they're 1-8
Bengals sub doesn't want anyone's best wishes for Burrows. Nice meltdown over there.
How do we get the worst commentators every single game
Connor with the disrespect
A stiff arm AND a stare down by JC
that flag was thrown so late
"Their secondary is basically all rookies, why cant/don't we throw past the line of scrimmage?!"
OH MAMA!!!
"Luton would like this game to end now, please"
Lutton seems to have a good attitude about getting hit
"TJ soooo close.  Still having a quiet game statistically.  Only one tackle, and a few almost sacks."
That banner should say #sacksburg
Bud got him like a character next to a window in a zombie movie
GRAVE DIGGING DUPREEEE
"Imagine that, play action on first down nets 9 yards."
Duprees arm just appeared and dragged the QB to the underworld
Bring Bud brought a buddy back 2020
Ju Ju hurt...ok maybe we should play it safe...a win by one is still a win. Thursday
Another helmet to helmet against Juju
damn JuJu hurt there
Ebron on 3rd down. So hot.
"Claypool's timing was off on that one. 

Watch Ebron."
Finally a flag
Finally we get a PI on Claypool
Another dead jag?
This game is a drag.
Does anyone have the stats on how many PI calls Claypool has drawn? It’s got to be a record or close to it.
"Ok, so are these guys actually getting hurt, or do they just not want to play the 4th quarter of this game?"
Jesus these poor Jags are dropping like flies.
Claypool assassinating their secondary!
Corners have been breaking themselves against Claypool all season.
"Sure, all teams are mostly the same in facilities except don't forget that the Bengals don't have an indoor training facility"
Claypool taking out all of the Jags secondary out.
Claypool out here ending careers
Jesus.... Claypool is literally held on every pass. That's some scary respect from defenders
Corner killer Claypool
Players gonna stop covering claypool they get hurt every time
Claypool is like Domino from X-Force. Guys just knocking themselves out to take him down.
"To flag or not to flag, the ref went full Shakespeare there"
Thank god the jaguars don't have an actual QB
"Would’ve been a touchdown, actually. Guy blew out his knee and tripped Claypool, what is with all these knee injuries this year? Hoping the best for that guy."
Fuck JUJU injured?
I’d like to thank ESPN Fantasy for allowing Taysom Hill to be tight end eligible this week
Did Ju-Ju step on the flag?
Did juju step on the flag??
That field looks like poop
Butler probably thinks Eifert is still playing for the Bengals
Ahh I see Eifert is still built like balsa wood
FINALLY
And another hold on TJ.
TJ does just engulf people on tackles
The D is locking things down now.
EDMUNDS ACTUALLY GOING OFF FOR ONCE
BRUH EDMUNDS AGAIN. Save those picks for more important games please
Holy fuck they actually called one
WHAT A PICK BY ED
That is filthy.
edmunds got a taste for blood lmao big playmaker all of a sudden
In the rain int.
That was a snag!
TRAP GAME WHO
Championship defense
"Another one for Terrell, I predicted that he would get an INT but two is good as well"
their qb is so bad it's actually blowing my mind
TITANS!
"Just soak this shit up, boys. We’re not the prettiest but this sure is beautiful."
"Edmunds has been straight up excellent this year, glad to see him get some big plays finally."
Can you stop trying to concuss all our players thanks
"handling this game the way we’re supposed to, I feel good"
10-0 and Titans just took the lead 👍🏻
And game. Time to put all the backups in
AND TENNESSEE IS UP BABY
LETS GO. Now rest our guys for Thursday. Solid win.
Take everyone out now. Put in full practice squad
"I don't feel good so I can't yell, I just shook my weed jar loudly to celebrate this td"
Time to take out every starter
funny thing on that TD was Conner was finally gonna have a lane to run through
Rest em up. We got a big one on Thursday
"Whomever had the Steeler D in fantasy


Congrats on hitting the lottery"
Minkah!!!!! Both safety’s with 2 pick games love to see it.
4 ints lol
“CaN tHe StEeLeRs BlOw OuT aNyOnE?!”
GG baby. Double Minkah seals the deal.
"LOL, in the Jags pregame, the hosts were saying that Ben needed a 5 INT game, like back in 2007 for them to win.  I believe they were calling out the wrong QB."
COME ON TITATNS
Luton is now at 10.9 QBR
Minkah fitz’pick’trick
Juju stop walking around God
Well 10-0 is terrifying.
"\#65 #65 #65 #65 #65 #65 

\#65 #65 #65 #65 #65 #65

# #65"
Lets get a Derek Watt handoff
juju's been on the injury with toe and foot injuries through the season. hoping that he's all good for next week.
Thanks Tad Dickman
Luton is bad yo
They really want luton to throw 5 picks
Is there a single jacksonville fan in those stands?
Jags getting clamped by our 2nd team D lmao
Looking like OT in Baltimore.
Tied in Baltimore
Lmao Titans and Ravens going into overtime.
Kick the fg!! Lol
I wanna see them have rudolph throw the damn thing. why have him on the roster if we can't trust him to get a first down with a nearly 30 point lead and 2 minutes left. lol
"C’mon tits. 15 seconds, two timeouts, you can drive down and get a FG

Nvm they just going to OT"
"Imagine thinking we can't beat any team with this defence, they are orgasmic"
Mason is so good at kneeling and handing the ball off.
Who is undefeated....!
JuJu is still limping
they don't even trust him to hand it to the running back anymore smh lol
10-0 boys!!!
come on tits. please
WOOOOOOO
I still hate these announcers but that “Little Ben plays JuJu when he catches passes” story was just adorable.
"Finchter is the biggest idiot on this planet. This is what he did this drive:
1. Conner is getting hot? Take him out for our third string running back on second down!
2. The passing game is gaining steam? Two straight runs and make it a 3rd and 7!
Fucking idiot"
Oh fuck please not Joe 😭
"From the Bengal sub: ""Fuck. They finally did it. They finally let him die"""
"Go for it, fuck it"
EDMUNDS NEEDS TO BE CUT!
Worst play call ever. Scoring a TD is so terrible. Fire Randy.
"I placed such a large wager on Big Ben to win CPOY .... It was a fucking lock ... now I’ve come to find out it’s actually an award for the best story not performance and participation trophy Alex Smith will probably win, what a joke"
Yall ready to watch us make a 3rd string rookie look like Brady?
STOP RUNNING ON SECOND AND LONG OH MY FUCK
STOP TRYING TO FORCE THE RUN
wow that was a dangerous play. also that bump on washington looked illegal as hell
Lmao Ben loves throwing picks in the end zone as the 1st half expires
"you know when Ben throws those interceptions at the end of halves or on third downs where it's basically a punt? I don't get upset about those directly but it irritates me that they're used against him as a quarterback on every rating and ranking that comes out, whether it's PFF or QBR or just regular old passer rating."
Haden walked off the field
I'm blaming this injury on Randy's shit ass play calling
Haden has apparently popped up and jogged off under his own power
Burrows leg went 90 degrees t h e w r o n g w a y
Our play calling is so fucking garbage
I miss D Bush for the run game
It’s Rudolph time
we are playing against a secondary filled with hotdog vendors and equipment men yet we can barely move the ball. so  puzzling to me. this shit won't cut it against good teams...and there's an Enron td as I am typing to make me shut my fat fng mouth lol
"Ugh. Minkah is good and all, but think of what we could get gotten with that mid 1st round pick. /s"
Are Alualu and Hilton playing today?
I’m having a hard time getting fired up for this one. Just don’t lose or get injured.
"Beer ready? Check. Steelers ready? Check. Win in the pocke-.. Check.

If anyone doesn't have cable TV check [https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/](https://streambible.org/streams/american-football/) for possible streams, they tend to work few minutes after game starts"
"So


Did we lose the run stop D playbook?"
Must be nice to be able to run like that
James Robinson is gonna get 100 yds on the ground
It’s so early I’m not worried in the slightest
"Forcing them to kick


STEELERS GOIN TO A SUPABOWL"
I know nothing about this Jake Crouton guy but I hate him already
Defense got it together a little later but we'll take that at lol
That FG just doubled the amount of opening drive points we've given up all season
"Not a bad series that 3rd down conversion was basically unstoppable because it was such a perfect ball, not gonna get too many of those"
"To those of you thinking this is going to be a bad game, the only reason that they made a significant drive was because of a very well placed ball. We should have no issue moving forward."
pls just stay quiet doomers
that was almost as bad as the Boswell soccer kick
"No worries men, I had on the wrong shirt. It's fixed now"
...OK!
Okay. . . ILL TAKE IT
"I guess when you're 1-8 you just say ""Fuck it"""
This Thanksgiving I'm thankful for the Jaguars incompetence.
That was a pretty cool kick though
That was gonna be an interception if that wasn’t tipped
"Literally exactly what Conner needs to do. Use the stretch to find a hole upfield, cut and go. Boom. Money all day if he can keep finding that."
How many batted passes does Ben have
STFU IAN EAGLE!
Of course
Pissed they still believe in icing the kicker. Even more pissed it work.
COMMENTATOR AND GRAPHIC CURSE
Fuck those announcers. They put a hex on bosgod.
Yinzer Christ I implore you to smite these ducking announcers
Loving the pressure we’re getting on their QB. Definitely a big part of the gameplan today
Luton looks like he needs a good sacking.
I would’ve rather played the Chiefs today
Defense is waking up 😡
"Lmfaooo we aren’t going to get a sack because anytime there’s even an ounce of pressure, this QB just fucking sends the ball flying.."
ATTABOY JAMES! STIFFARM THAT JAGGO
"Conner: ""I'm goin fast Mama!"""
"JFC


Jesus F@#$ing Conner"
25 yards from Conner? Yes please.
Big boy run James
Happy birthday Juju
Is our run blocking that bad?
"Well, this is going as expected."
Yeah this is pretty much what I expected so far
Why throw that. No way thats going for a 1st
great punt
Whenever Fichtner runs the ball on 1st and 2nd down we ALWAYS punt. Yet he does it time and time again. The guy is a moron
Vince pick 6
Pouncey being examined in the tent as per SNR
Bud has been living in the backfield so far. Only a matter of time before they get a sack
Are we just looking past them to Thursday?
Our dline is flying around the field today
Jeez that's a punt
Offense wake up please Jesus Christ
i love tunch. i love him. and it’s painful to listen but i love him. it hurts my heart but i’m thankful for tunch.
Why did he look like switzer on that one.
God this pass defense is making cream. Love seeing Mike Hilton back out there
Mike Hilton is insanely fast.
Hell of a fucking punt god damn.
Holy shit the punter lazered that shit down field
[deleted]
God I'm so happy looking at a wide receiver who's first thought is to hold on to the freaking ball.
I thought that play was over when those defenders came unblocked. Kudos to Conner
JC is doing all he can with the blocking he’s getting
Conner making wine out of fucking water. This oline needs help
That probably would’ve been a weak PI call that would’ve came back and bit us later in the game anywah
Conner having a game
I take back anything bad I said about Conner the last 3 weeks.
#POSITIVE YARDS ON A SCREEN PASS
">Per 
@NFLonCBS
, Zach Gentry in the locker room with a left leg injury. Eric Ebron only TE available right now. #Steelers"
ANTHONY MCFARLAND RUN ON 2ND AND 9 WHAT THE FUCK
Gentry was in a total of 2 games had 0 impact and already injured. Safe to say we missed on him.
Has run run pass worked in the last four years?
Any other OC would’ve just given up on the run for this team and just accept the fate we can’t run.
How many 2nd and long runs are going to ruin good looking drives
[Claypool.](https://imgur.com/VRreQL6)
[deleted]
That was great defense by that the rookie.
Seems like we are getting very little separation today over the middle and on these sideline routes.   Also would prefer to see Connor be the feature back today.
everytime our RBs touch the ball on a run...the Oline is already in the backfield...they give no space to run...it aint the backs....the Oline just can't get it done against anybody apparently...
"I like MacFarland but he needs the ball in space, not on regular between the numbers runs. sometimes I wonder if they could put a back in the slot and run a sweep sometimes to get them momentum with the ball"
"Only a matter of time before the O starts scoring touchdowns. The D is looking sharp, we’re gonna be fine"
We have the worst run blocking Oline in all of football
"Somebody stop Randy Fichtner, let the dude stand on the sideline and get paid, let Ben run this offense."
"Very tired of randy's completely transparent run run pass until Ben goes ""fuck this"" and calls his own plays. We should be destroying these guys"
Was...was that a hold on Watt that didn’t get called???
"Oh man first Bud and now Nelson....


A turnover is coming boys"
Tj just dragged down no call. Wtf
Lord the hold on TJ
At least the defense is on point
We gotta stop trying to get holding calls on TJ. He’s officiated differently regardless of how unfair it is to him.
2 dropped picks. We seriously need to capitalize
Watt was drug down by his jersey
A side effect is an infected taint? Jesus
Watt needs to start crying for flags. This is fucking ridiculous.
Juju laying the wood down
I’ve never heard “ unnecessary use of the helmet”
Holy shit Juju hits so fucking hard
I love James Washington actually he’s good whenever he’s out
What a fucking throw
"So I've been really in to reading about myths and legends recently. Have any of you ever heard of something called a ""running game""?"
MAPLETRON!!
IS THAT A DEEP PASS?????
MAPLETRON
The deep ball to claypool pays off!
LETS GO
Dat boi claypool!!!!!
POPPED THE CHERRY BOYS
HELL YEAH CLAYPOOOL
Washington James Washington Seven Foot Twenty Washginton.
GOAT
What a fucking throw!
WHAT A THROW AND GODDAMN CATCH
You know it’s bad at RB when McCloud knew how to run inside zone.
WOOOOO!!!
What a dime.
Nice deep ball on that one!
"
Claypoole is like Cris Carter - he only catches TDs"
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO
I’m feeling gooooooooood
OROY
Claypoooool you fucken stud!
Claypool mother fuckas!!!
That touchdown was bootyful
Chaaaaase. Look what happens when we stop run run passing
"BOOM, HEADSHOT!"
Nice celebration
MAPLETRONNNN
If we can get up by a couple of scores then the defense can really feast.
That's just stupid Nelson
D taking this series off.
"You want to be mad that Fitzpatrick tackled you hard.

Don't fight for extra yardage you won't get tackled hard"
pushing = punch push to the head
Miscommunication. Nelson looking rough today
Damn! That was some MMA shit.
Minkah!!
boys are ripe for a pick
"Good job for just walking away from that, Minkah. Didn’t even look back"
Tackled him by the fucking neck wtf lol
About time we got a deflection pick
Minkah saved us
That was a horse collar tackle if I've ever seen one
Minka is angry today.
god tier minkah
Minkah every time lmfao
MINKAH
MY DUDE MINKAH
Who else but Minkah?
Gotta love minkah
I like Minkah!
MINKAH BABY!
Thats our first round pick!
MINKAHHHHHHH
I see you Minkah.
Minkah is literally always around the ball it's amazing
Conner doing his CJ2K impression
Let's fucking go!
These commentators are jinxing the game for both sides 😂
Yessirrr!!!! Let's go! Minkah baby! Shoutout to Tyson for tipping it
"""Let's stop running"""
lmao at ben blocking
He used Ben to set a pick lmao
The issue with the run isn’t Conner. It’s the blocking
"The boys are amped now, as am I."
"I was gonna say Minkah needs to chill after he took that dude down with a spinebuster.

Fuck it keep it up Minkah!!"
James Conner needs to go hurrrr deee durrrr
Large Benjamin
This feels so good after seeing how the jacksonville offense was jawing at us
What are the odds Nature Made has something to do with that NSP group?
The defense has been great in this half. Seriously solid and coming up with the turnover when the Jags were driving. Good job D.
[deleted]
"Hell of a catch, DJ"
Great throw
Two minute warning killed our momentum
What a catch!
Nice route. DJ really is reminiscent of MBC
Dionte Johnson!!!!!
Jesus Diontae Johnson is taking more dives than an over the hill boxer
BuT DiOnTe AlWaYs DrOpS iT oN 3rD dOwN!!!
DJ 🤯
Great fucking catch DJ
This wideout group making it super hard to know which dude is the best. They one up each other all the time lmao.
Diontae will be our number one receiver mark my words
Wow. How did he get that
Whattttttt!!!!????? Helluva catch
DJ is the truth. If he can sort out the mental lapses he could be elite.
GIVE HIM THE TD MY GOD I LOVE DJ
Lynn Swann is that you?
Talk about focus! What a catch
HOLY SHIT DJ!!! BALLING!!!
"GOD. DAMN.

DJ really on something else today."
YES!
When I’m playing GTA I always take my cars to BENNYS
SNELL YA LATER
Insane.  Who is better?  Johnson or Claypool?
That Diontae catch was fucking beautiful.
Hell of a catch and focus by DJ. My fantasy team was hoping that was a touchdown lol
"I’d like to see a sack this drive
 Edit: that works too"
"Let’s go boys! I wanna see 90, 97, 48 or 39 make a splash impact play"
Happy for the TD but is James Conner not capable of the high percentage 1 yard run? Feel like it’s not fair to him to not give him the run after the game he’s playing
Good pick by Edmonds.
See this is what you're supposed to do against an inexperienced backup qb.
Nicely done Edmunds
LMFAOOO EDMUNDS
AAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"Okay... second half... they gonna be throwing a LOT now, better get that damn sack.  Preferably 6 second half sacks."
Aaand that’s why teams often just kneel out the half
"that shit was thrown right to him this time, I bet he's happy he finally got in on the turnovers everyone else is getting lol"
EDMUNDS GET SOME YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN!!
EDMUNDS GOT HIS INT!
This game going to get ugly here. We are going to be seeing the legend Mason Rudolph sooner or later
Gotta get juju one here
"Edmunds had a pick, Super Bowl confirmed."
TWO TOs LEFT LETS DO THIS
69 yards. Nice
Fuck that woulda been a great catch
The only bad thing about blowing out the jags so early is we’ll have to endure Rudolph for longer
I was looking at all our guys measurements on this mickdraft website and I didn't realize juju has bigger hands than deandre hopkins. almost 11 inch hands. thats why he's only got like two or three drops on the season.
Honestly a good penalty to take there for the jag. He was beat
Edmunds can finally talk to his RB brother about getting INTs
Edmunds got a pick every yinzer in this sub combusted lmaooo
"Oh no, he was intercepted with 1 second left..."
Teams always are interfering with Chase.
What the fuck Ben
He pushed off!
Claypool got as many receiving yards as pi yards. Dude draws them all
Ah oh well still up 17-3. That might of been bens worst thrown ball al year.
"BIG BEN THREW A PICK?!?! Oh well anyways, we get ball at half lmao"
We get the ball at half. Probs should’ve just kicked the FG but whatever
"Ben and end of half picks. 

A truly iconic duo."
name a more iconic duo than Ben and end of half endzone ints
Woah wouldn't that be PI?! Hugeeee pushoff
Ben making that tackle is just amazing
"Lol Washington got bodied, wtf"
"Ben and throwing picks in the end of the half, name a more iconic duo."
"I don't like leaving points on the field, but it was a pretty good first half, all things considered."
The shoe string tackle again
"So, maybe a dumb question, but if a receiver pushes off like that, it's OPI, so why isn't it DPI if the CB pushes off on a jump ball?"
Ben looking like he's chasing a Colt
"This is how this game *should* be going, but not at all how I expected it to"
"Ben might get shit on for that INT but tbh from that angle behind the line they showed at the end, Washington really should have kept running right. Idk why he stopped?"
"
...the defender pushed Washington to the ground?"
How the fuck do you not call that interference
"I can't believe taysom hill had like 19 regular season passes ever, is 30, and they have Jameis as a backup and he's actually performing. 9/13 for 127 lol this is sean Payton's wet dream"
"Questionable last play, guess the little hold at the end when Ben tried to exit the pocket made him rush it given the play clock.. otherwise solid second quarter, first one was your typical Pittsburgh Steelers 1st Q action so no comments on that. Luton is as accurate in hitting his receivers as I am in hitting my life goals, don‘t make him look good in any way and just finish the game early!"
Where can I stream the game?
I am not sure what to do now. We are comfortably in the lead up two touchdowns against a 1 win team. It feels like the game is cruising to an easy victory but history has always been that the Jaguars will come back and give me a reason for taking Bayer aspirin before the game.
"I no one gives a shit about other peoples fantasy teams, but I have Will Fuller and I am going against Deshaun Watson and how in the fuck does Watson have 26 points when his #1 receiver has 1.1?"
The fact that we have more rushing in a half than we did in each of the last three entire games
YES! Waves by Kanye 🌊
"What is it with 1st run, 2nd run...."
Everytime mcfarland is in the game they know he will get the ball
3 and out. Punt. Nice game plan out the half offense
I hate Randy
Ah yes...run run pass. My old enemy
"Run, run, deep shot. Sigh."
Well that was lame. Can we just let ben run free already?
It's pretty ridiculous the difference between when Ben is calling plays and when our OC calls plays.
"Randy runs this offense like Duck Hodges is the QB, not Ben, our fucking hall of fame QB playing the best football of his career."
I wonder if there is no creativity in play calling because they don’t want to show much to other opponents?
"Passing opens up the run game for this group, not the other way around, not sure why they insist on forcing the opposite"
.......
I don't want to end up seeing Mike Glennon.
Guys we still need our sack....
Honestly I'd rather come out of this game healthy
"Hes WALKING boys, good sign"
Not Joe Money Haden :(
Holy fuck Bud is so fast.
Yards given and taken away
I love TJ Watt
Haha. There it is
THE SACK STREAK LIVES
Sack streak continues
SACK STREAK LIVES
Fuck yeah there it is!
The streak lives on!
We got our sack boys!!!
Sack streak continues boys!
Sack baby!!!
THE STREAK CONTINUES
SACK STREAK!
TJ giving Nuggies!
"THERES our sack, nice."
Joe Burrow looks like he has a season ending injury. You could have just bet money that that was going to happen. The Bengals are such a bad team
Streak is alive baby!!
THERE'S A SACK!!
"Need to drain the clock, get a TD, and take the starters out here"
"Lots of knee injuries this year, damn"
That gap commercial made no sense.
Randy has like 5 plays in his playbook. Gahd damn.
LOL nice try Randy.  Maybe the 3rd try will work.
Damn titans are supposed to be doing better.
Legit feel bad for the Bengals
Haden’s fine thank god
You guys might have your weird as shit pharmaceutical ads but it's refreshing not seeing a gambling ad every 30s!
Thats fucking stupid... making Allen limp walk into the locker room.  Get him on the cart or stretcher.
Good job Dupreeeeeee
Yinz questioning OUR playcalling? The fuck are these jagoffs doing?
Wtf is JAX doing?
Did I just have a stroke?
Wtf are they doing?
Wtf is this Mickey Mouse bullshit I see before my very eyes?
The announcers “that made 0 sense” lol
"Allen, Burrow, and Burkehead all just had their knees destroyed. What the fuck is going on?"
Gonna need to do a deep dive into the Jags cheerleaders
Lol jags #65 with that James Connor power mullet
Lmao that was meannn
CONNOR SONNED HIM
Conner on his way to over 100 yards today.  The Jags are the pallet cleanser that he needed to wash the last three weeks away.
Idiot jumped on the pile and hurt his own guy
Who’s ready for the run on second and 15?
[deleted]
When was the last time we had a 100 yd rusher?
Our second half offense has been a bit underwhelming
Jesus TJ
THE SACK BROS STRIKE AGAIN
Bud sacked him while the tackle was holding him.
Pay. Bud.
Great job by Bud to avoid the facemask.
"Im fine with the deep shots on 2nd and 1, now get the first with a run"
I need a small tug down below
"where's he getting that claybrooks is 5'9""? it showed he's six feet listed. weird."
The most obvious DPI of the year
I shouldn't laugh but fam you can't keep interring on the pass
"The injured db grabbed Claypool, better than giving up a TD"
Catchable as fuck
Man they al l get hurt guarding him
chase keeps hurting DBs getting tackled on routes lol
"Damn it is raining pretty good right now.

And damn another guy down? Hayden is fucking hurting."
Wow the jags just can’t seem hold up against our receivers it’s like almost every play another one bites the dust
Claypool literally built different
Hate to see injuries especially on a call I don’t think was good
It seemed like the CB was gimping when Chase made his move and that is what caused the DPI on that one. Hate to see guys getting injured.
"Tackling before the ball gets there = PI

Well at least we have a baseline now"
Claypool must be a Terminator. It’s the only explanation for how so many corners can hurt themselves by tackling him
2 dudes injured themselves while committing PI on Claypool. Never like to see guys get hurt but maybe if they tried to actually defend properly instead of just interfering on every pass thrown his way they wouldn't be hurting themselves.
Are we just Thanos snapping the Jags secondary?
That’s 8 straight pass plays this drive
I hate it
"According to Teresa Varley on twitter, Luton’s current QB rating is 17.1 lol"
Come on BOZGAWD
I thought Big Ben was doing push-ups for a second there lol.
"Let's just call the game, okay? Everybody knows how its going to end. Don't need any more weird ass injuries."
"I haven't thought about it in a while, but can you imagine having Banner on this team. We could be 9-0!"
Looks like JuJu slipped on the flag
Wizard of BOZ
"My fiancé and his best friend are rewiring the house with high-speed Wi-Fi and disconnected our cable, so I’ve been watching the game on the BFF’s phone through HIS cable. Now they’ve got the WiFi off and I can’t watch the game and I’m going to strangle them."
Bring in every back up there is and get on the plane.
When Boswell leans forward his numbers on top say 69 lol NICCCEEEEE
The RB screen pass has literally never worked in this offense. Not even once. This is like watching someone repeatedly put their hand on a hot stove because they’re too god damn stupid to learn that they’ll get burned
Titans keeping things competitive. Eagles not so much.
Come on Tennessee! You got this
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
NIIIICE
Helluva play by Edmunds.
What a nice pick. Well done
EDMUNDS WITH HIS SECOND INTERCEPTION!!!
Edmonds haters in shambles
HAVE A DAY TERREL
I DIDNT EVEN KNOW EDMUNDS HAD HANDS
10 and mutherfucking 0!!!
Edmunds' breakout game
I see you TE
[deleted]
"Edmunds made a difficult INT, you know things are going well when that happens"
EdMuNdS iS tRaSh
Terrell on another one this year. Let's go young money
Please drain this clock. Leave Jacksonville healthy & start preparing for the Ratbirds.
"I’ll say it, we’ve got the best safety combo in the league"
He just pulled a Lynn swann
"Edmunds has two picks in one game, am I dreaming?"
I'm okay with juju sitting out not getting hurt more hurt
THE TITANS SCORED
10-0? 👀👀
TD TITANS!
KEEP IT UP TITANS!
And that’s the dagger.  We’re on to Baltimore.
Titan up
Insert Ebron dance gif
Don't we have a fullback?
Also yay Ebron
"Jags D looking around like ""wait....what happened"""
Bring on Mason
pull ben
That’s game. Put in the back ups.
14 more points and I'll feel a bit more at ease ...
RATED E FOR EBRON
Okay. I feel much better seeing us score a TD before this game ended.
Titans are up on the Ravens!
"Alright, it’s Mason time"
Claypool would've been open too on that td
See y’all Thursday. Fuck Duval
Ahhh so close Sutton
"oof, Diontae 12 catches, luton with 11 completions is a rough a stat lmao"
Thank God Rudolph's on the field
Welcome to pix burgh
If anyone can get the jags back into this game... it's Mason
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHQHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHQHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Our safeties just padding stats today 😂
our secondary is just killing it
"We predicted the wrong stats, there was going to be 4 INT not sacks"
"Wow 4 picks, 2 for each guy lol."
Come on QB. That's to easy for our guys man.
Time to turn our attention to the Titans/Ravens game
thank goodness they restin Ben. He's earned it for sure!
Titan D folding like a cheap tent.
Juju limping 😫
EVERYONE GET IN HERE
That's quite the toe injury if so
"Nice to be able to rest our guys, even if it’s only 6 or so minutes"
We really daring Luton to throw another pick
Jekyll and Hyde weather down there in Duval it looks like.
That dude is fast!
Hopefully Juju’s good. At least we’re deep at receiver
Lit him the fuck up for a loss.
Good win today gents
kinda disappointed we just never see Avery Williamson. are they giving him the sean davis treatment at this point?
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|01:44 4th|CIN|9|@|20|WAS|
|03:25 4th|ATL|9|@|24|NO|
|02:00 4th|PIT|27|@|3|JAX|
|01:11 4th|NE|20|@|27|HOU|
|02:13 4th|PHI|10|@|22|CLE|
|00:15 4th|TEN|24|@|24|BAL|
|Sun 11/22 04:05 PM ET|NYJ|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 11/22 04:05 PM ET|MIA|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 11/22 04:25 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|MIN|
|Sun 11/22 04:25 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|IND|
|Sun 11/22 08:20 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|LV|
|Mon 11/23 08:15 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|TB|
|Final|DET|0|@|20|CAR|
|Final|ARI|21|@|28|SEA|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
I can't remember the last NFL game I watched where both teams had all 3 time outs at the 2 minute warning.
Steeler gal vibin
Hope juju is okay
I think I hear Here we Go off in the distance..
10 and fucking 0. LETS GO BOYS
Good job Mason.
10-0 mother fuckers!!! Imagine not having double digit wins at THIS point in the season?
10-0.
Can CBS switch to the damn Ravens game?! Could have cut away from this one 5 minutes ago.
Damn 10-0 looks beautiful on the screen. Good game boys.
"it's going to be really funny to watch the people on social media say ""worst 10-0 team in NFL history!!!""

That's like saying someone is barely top 10 alltime like it's an insult, we're 10-0."
We’re all Titans fans right now
GO TITANS
"lmao, didnt even need to kick"
Oh no it's 3-0. Tomlin worst head coach!! PANIK!!    /s
Fuck Ian Eagle
"""He is riding a hot streak"" it would have cost you exactly nothing to say that."
I would much rather see Big Ben take a shot downfield on 1st and 10 than 3rd and 2.
Is it possible to draft a new OC? Getting real tired of Ditcher's playcalling.
nelson deserved the pen. but then getting a shot to the head....and nothing. way to go nfl.
"Like to see Conner punch that in. He earned it.

Edit: obviously take the points and happy for Snell tho!! Fuck the Jags!"
Stop trying to be something we are not. Running is not an option.
Please don’t be hurt Joe... we can’t lose you mannnn
I hope Haden is ok!!
Shit... Haden out really fucks out secondary
"God damn it, not Haden!"
Let’s hope it’s a stinger or something. I love that guy
"9 plays, 0 Conner touches. What. The. Fuck"
[deleted]
Chase should have still had that
Held that jersey longer than Jacksonville has had the ball.
damn everybody who covers Chase literally dies
This game would be atleast 31-3 with a competent offensive gameplan
Wow another 3 and out... Fire Fichtner /s
"We're at the tippy top of the mountain


And we're only half way up


~ dr disrespect"
"Ah yes. The classic playbook

1. Run for loss
2. Run for short/no gain
3. Chuck it and pray
4. Punt"
I am ready for this 60 mins battle.  🙃🔫
It’s definitely one of those games isn’t it lmao
Ian Eagle can get face fucked with a shovel
Fuck these announcers jinxing the god damn kick with multiple graphics and talking shit
Lol are we really gonna start with the run run pass today again?
Can we not run on 2nd and long?
"Ray Ray head a little too big right now. Play smart now, we don’t 6 every return."
it looks like the gameplan when we get near the endzone is run run pass
That was the most predictable run in the history of predictable runs
"'As the pandemic peaks world wide'

Cut to a shot of the stadium filled with thousands of fans."
"Go 5 wide. Fuck it. 

Get a lead, then work on the run game."
Celebrating garbage time interception lol
"Ben, and forcing last second first half passes to the goal line.... NAME A MORE ICONIC DUO!!!"
"SHADES OF THE BETTIS FUMBLE SHOESTRING TACKLE LMAOO

fuck that was 11 years ago god damn"
"It's still not too late to die on ""Establish the run"" hill lol"
Son of a bitch
Please not Joe
Knee holding is never good...but Ben walked it off
It's tough to sack a guy who's too terrified to drop into the pocket before ditching on the play.
"haha love the ref looking at the steelers sideline being like ""you guys think i should throw it"" and then putting it back in his pocket"
Are they just gonna keep hurting themselves on Claypool?
Refs need to watch where they throw beanbag flags.  That was right in the path of Juju’s feet.  A few years ago a ref damaged a players eye with a flag.
This game right here is why Steelers are underestimated even tho we're 9-0
"So uhh. I goofed and didn’t leave the room earlier and that’s when Boswell missed. He’s perfect when I’m not in the room. I usually leave, I feel so bad."
EDmUnds iS TrASH
I don’t know who kidnapped the real Edmunds and gave us this one but thanks
Not another word about Edmunds being trash please.
"9-0, not a divisional game, terrible opponent.

Not worried in the slightest.  Calling it 95% we win, 5% we lose, and it doesn't matter in the slightest, either way.  We roll to 10-0, or we get a little taste of humility ahead of the toughest part of the schedule and force the team to re-focus down the stretch.

Barring injury, there's no way to lose.

But prediction?  27-13.  HWG."
I hate that ill have to watch via Redzone but ill be on here for the whole game. Excited.
#HEREWEGO!!!!!!
Last night I was cursing Pitt in Heinz on my tv (but mostly my shitty Hokies) and now I have to push away those memories away and now root for the Steelers the next day. Feels weird man. At least one of my teams is good
"I understand the Jags suck, but I still don't get why Ravens/Titans got Nantz/Romo instead of us."
"It in, get a big lead, get the starters out early, win

they have a game in 4 days"
can we talk about how Evan Washburn looks like Sam Rockwell if he was buff
Phew. I got here before thread went toxic because we did't score 77 TDs in the 1st. Love yinz psychos.
I will never not be disturbed by medication ads.
Let's gooo baby. No trap today. Time to exact some revenge for the last couple of losses against the Jagoffs.
Damn Juju is so much thicker this year
Let's avoid a trap game & get this W!
J. Gluten
I'm ready for another heart attack game lmfao.
Steelers owe the Jags a good old fashioned ass kicking. Let’s get that ass kicking today!
give me a juju birthday TD pls
I got my heart medication ready. Let's go!!!
Hammer down. I want the starters resting in the fourth quarter.
"1st pass was a completion. Oh shit we’re fucked. 

/s"
And so it begins
That was some good blocking on that run tbh
Crackstreams keeps buffering wtf
Keith Butler in his classic Jacksonville form.
Did you see watt getting hugged?
That'll be his best drive of the day.  This will not be a repeat of Dallas
Man their O line and our D line are smashing each other.
Bent not broken lets gooo
Jags????????
Wow ST did something good
Troll game
"Wow.

I'll give it to Jacksonville.

They are going for it"
Hahahahha
Wtf is that
haha lmao
BAAAAHHHHAHAHAHHA
Good job by our ST recognizing that one
I see the jags are pulling out the wacky stufff
"They are going to go balls out today.

I expect a fake punt to"
Jags are trying it lmao
Great awareness to recover that.
I like that call
That means Jacksonville has absolutely zero confidence and their players don’t either
Boy the Jags fucked that up.
LMAO fuck jacksonville cute little fuckers
It’s so funny that the narrative has completely shifted to “now the Steelers are actually good on their first drives”
"Credit where it's due, that kick was clever as fuck"
Honestly mad respect. What a fucking call
b-but I wanted a touchdown
Bad pass
Thanks for that graphic
Sounds like Tunch and Hillgrove are having a bad day.
It seems to me that they are using the west coast offensive with these short passes.
I swear balls hit his hands all the time. I know that was a little ahead of him but that's so frustrating.
Big Ben threw that a bit in front of him. Still good effort by the defender making sure Johnson didn't get a chance with it.
Icing in the 1st quarter. Jags pulling out all the stops
Fucking graphics
Fucking hell
Terrible snap
"Should have just gone for it on 4th and 3 there, but hindsight is 20/20"
Awful snap
Technically Boswell missed the one in Dallas too but a penalty saved him
"That was a not-so-great pass by Ben, but statistically this season, Diontae has some of the most drops in the league."
"Yeah Snap was short. Surprisingly the play calling on the first drive wasn't terrible imo. Good call on 3rd, Ben just missed"
"Pat McAfee is right, these announcers have become absolutely horrid and ruin the game."
Screw Booger. All my announcer hate is now directed towards Ian Eagle.
Come on  announcers why?????
[deleted]
Relax thine buttholes. We got this. Jagoffs pulling out everything they got and it still won't be enough.
Hotel ads during an ongoing global pandemic. What a world.
They literally gift wrap us elite field position and we do nothing with it. Pathetic
I'm one more dick head announcer call from watching the rest of the game on mute
I'm taking back my Pro Bowl vote for our Long Snapper
Bro y do we always have to start slow
"Lol here we go, gonna be one of those games. Great field position and they end up with 0 points. Buckle up guys"
Wel there’s the jinx.
They reaaalllyyyy wanna jinx this
They couldn’t have played that 3rd and short better. That’s all effort by Robinson
"Welp they just showed the ""undefeated vs 1-whatever teams"" graphic. Its all over now.... ^I ^kid"
Wow that was a ton of pressure
"Literal only way these announcers can try to make this interesting. I wouldn't be surprised if the title of their scripts this week were ""JINX"""
Steelers radio team absolutely butchering Ogunbowale's last name. LOL
"Oh yeah, now Robinson is fucking Terrell Davis.  SHUT THE FUCK UP!"
Defense is heating up. If we can force Jacksonville to throw it I think this game is over. He’s not connecting on anything.
"NGL, JAX calling good plays and being aggressive.

I mean, Our D will figure it out, but its fun to watch"
Not liking the fact we have to start from our own 5
Special teams actin' real special right now
Just ignore the announcers. Nothing they say impacts the game
ya'll watch with sound on? amateurs.
That’s how you run the ball!
Nice run by conner
fuckin schobert man. glad he's not gonna be around a lot.
I don’t like that play
Why does he throw that?  Never looked anywhere else.
Why could ben have possibly saw there
Pick 6 comming up. Minkah
Well we flipped the field completely. At least we are moving the ball and not going three and out. Call me an optimist but I think by the end of 4 we will be alright.
Now deion Sanders intercepting food seems like a great running gag commercial
gotta love tj taking bud out of that play lmao
O line needs to get their assignments in control.
Wtf was that punt
Jax O line just gettting abused
awww bud
That was a bomb lol
Right off the pads. Unfortunate.
"Wow, looked like Dupree never tried to catch a pass. Should have been a pick 6."
Thank goodness for this D
Their fucking punter is legend
"All competition aside, those turquoise pants look nice af."
Alright... can we not waste 2 downs a series this drive?
Let’s try one deeeeeeep not to Claypool. Once please
"I wonder if it's sometimes hard to be a ref and not be like, ""shit, that was a nice catch"""
"They need to come out in the no huddle for some of these early series. They have been successful with it when the other team is expecting it, maybe it will work when they aren't. It has to be better than the fucking constant Bill Cowher offense."
Nice recovery james
Great little run by Conner there
Claypool with the Toronto Toe Tap.
Bens deep ball has been sad
Chase trying to win an Oscar
"I think Claypool could have got that. I don’t think that jersey hold was significant enough to stop him, so I don’t know what happened there other than he lost track of the ball"
Nice run
If mcfarland could stay on his feet he might be able to do something. Dude gets tripped up on every play
I’d love so see McFarland run the jet sweep.
A 1 yard run. Nice 😎
Why are they mixing in backs when Conner is having a good game? I don't get it.
Connor actually looks like he has some speed today
Come on BOZGAWD
It would be the most steeler thing to lose to Jacksonville 0-3. Too bad they are gonna win.
Some poor play calls today
Exactly the same playcalling sequence that killed the last drive killed this one. Run no gain. Run no gain. Almost picked.
Anyone in here who's available to play tight end next week?
Bos is back
Fuck off Randy. Let Ben throw the damn ball. Fuck
"McFarland got next bruh, said no one ever"
Every time they run it 1st and 2nd down I want to pull my hair out. Elite receiving core against trash secondary and they run the 90s Bill Cowher offense
Do we need to force it to Johnson 15 times a game?
Shit pisses me off
"Try Juju, he was open"
"Teams know we're going to go run, run, pass. So maybe stop it?"
Taking a page outta the last few years of Chuck Noll's playbook...(ineffective)run...(ineffective)run...pass...punt.
Quit forcing it to Johnson
Don't believe in Boswell. Believe in the you that believes in BosGod.
We put so much pressure on ourselves to convert 3rd downs when we waste the first two downs every time on shit runs
Pretty sure I chose a bad week to start 4 Steelers on fantasy
"Why is Randy the way that he is? Honestly...every time we try to do something fun or exciting, he makes it not that way. I hate so much about the things that he chooses to be."
It’s so frustrating watching this team when we get close to the red zone. If you run on first down and get 1 or less don’t fucking run it on 2nd down. You’re not fooling anyone when we do it all the fucking time.
Are we holding back on play calls due to Thursday game?
"We are passing great, time for fucking run run pass"
I think McFarland and Snell's failures are solely on the offensive line. The fact James Conner has positive yards just shows how good he can be.
Gentry ruled out. Ebron is the only TE active now.
Run plays need to be few and far between.  That’s just where our offense is at right now
Hold on Watt!
Our D is on it today. Offence needs to step up
OMG so close.
It must be so badass watching yourself throw a TD on the big screen after it happens. Thats gotta be a high.
the Jags remembered they're the Jags but this punter can take the rest of the day off good fucking lord
"Guys named Miles and helmet misuse, name a better duo."
Didn’t know that was a penalty.
Trying to set the record for 1 yard runs I think we can do it !
JuJu is such a fucking tank I love him so much
I've never heard 'unnecessary use of the helmet'
Dotson needs to go in for feiler when hes healthy
2 straight rushes for 1 yard then an overthrow to claypool and punt😐
"I wonder how much of our run game issues have been due to Vance’s absence. It’s struggled ever since he’s been out, and he’s our best blocking tight end since Ebron is more of an offensive weapon and Gentry is just not good"
[deleted]
I love these receivers
Washington is looking thicc
"Lol, HBD J2S2"
Gee another first down run who could’ve predicted that
MAPLETRON
that's what we have been waiting for
LETS GO MAPLETRON 🍁
Ray Ray is a better RB than McFarland.
Mapletron!
Finally
CLAYPOOOOOOL
LETS GOOOOOOOOO. CLAYPOOL!!!!!!!!!
Beautiful
I luv you Chase Baepool
That dude look like ET.
Billy Howton Claypool is coming for ya.
What he hell Nelson
Ah now it makes sense
What!?
HE GOT PUNCHED
It’s called offsetting. You dumb fucks.
Really Nelson with that shove? Are you fucking kidding me?
"HE SLAPPED HIM WTF, ATLEAST HAVE OFFSETTING PENALTIES"
Damn they left him wide open
I have Chase Claypool on my fantasy team and he’s a beast. Him and Metcalf are the next great receivers.
Ugh Nelson playing cover 3 and flat defender playing man...
Minkah with the power bomb
Jags full of fake tough guys
yeah chark and nelson gonna have more problems throughout this game
"Nice blown coverage there, D."
"I need a game to play with bong rips for watching the game, any suggestions?"
minkah just made me hard
So punches are legal now?
That was aggressive
Lmao minkah showing them who daddy is
Nice spinebuster by minkah
Minkah!!!
Thank fuck
"Wow, now I'm super invested in this game. Fuck these jagoffs"
Let’s go minkah!!!!!!!
"Defense is making way too many easy mistakes on this drive, clean that shit up"
Thank God for Minkah!
FITZMAGIC
TALK YO SHIT KING
All pro son.
MINKAH I LOVE YOU
"Minkah bailed out Nelson there bigtime.

There are bad penalties, but you can't get stupid penalties for pushing another player. That's unacceptable."
FUCK THE JAGS
Take control on this drive
Fucking Minkah man!
JFC Ben get outta the way lmao
Wtf chokehold takedown right there
Always in the right spot
Minkah is the definition of clutch
YESSSSSSS
MINKAHHH
That's my boy!!!!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Love the writing on this season.
"You knew that was gonna happen, Luten dodged a few INTs already"
Big Ben getting that block
LETS FUCKING GO!! That's my safety
He always finds the ball
Ben putting his old ass on the line lol.
"I know that was a first down, but that was still fucking stupid on Ben’s part."
Please cover up the elbow next time Ben
WOW
Baby Lynn Swann
holy fuck
Good god when DJ is on he’s a cheat code.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE
How the fu....
BEAST
"That's what MAC school players do, Mike."
I’m so happy DJ hasn’t dropped anything yet
What a catch
DJ making plays... today!
37 getting bullied all game
What a catxh
TD BOYS
Time for Benny Snell football!!!!
There we go boys
Pound that bitch in
TD baby 😎
ITS BENNY SNELL FOOTBALL BABY
There we go
SNELL YEAH
Thx for getting us closer to TLaw!!!!
SNELL YAH BABY
I am ao glad we're having Ben. 2 great drives. Let's go!
"Let's get Boswell lined up on the right hash, he seems determined to go left today"
Roethlisberger gaining ground on Daniel Jones today.
Amazing second quarter boyssssss
Ok do not give up a fucking fg
The way that guys face mask lies on his face makes him look like the grinch.
Honestly the only team that's scares me anymore is the Chiefs. Afc championship game baby
You should have took a knee and ran the clock out
Or you're losing so you're tryna shake hands now? Fuck outta here jag-off.
EDMUNDS?!
All I will say is that the Jags return guy's facemask...on those close up cams...is not flattering.
Rookies getting welcomed
FINALLY EDMUNDS GETS HIS PICK
ENMUNDS!
EDMUNDS FINALLY DID SOMETHING !!!!
Wooo edmunds got one!!!
INT ! Get 'em!
Best play for Jags...Half Time
Holy shit Edmunds finally got his
We can get more points here if we play it right
OMG Terrelle intercepted a pass! I can’t feel my face! Go Hokies! Go Steelers!
I guess Minshew ain't too worried about his job.
Boswell wants to put another 3 on the board before the half.
“Air mails it” Haven’t heard that phrase in awhile
Defence getting their stats up today.. just need some sacks
it took us like four years  in the mid 10s to get that many takeaways lol
I missed part of Q1...any sacks yet?
Juju... thats one you should have
"Luton’s passer rating is down to 15.0

ooof"
PI..
69 yards. Nice
are people still saying Ben's deep balls are garbage?
"One more endzone throw before the half, Boswell if we miss the TD"
Claypool is so fucking fast
They literally have to tackle Mapletron on routes to stop him
"That's still a good penalty, he doesn't pull on him and Claypool walks in."
GD Ben!! Fuck
"Ah, man. At least that's the end of the half"
Jersey pull. They'll get ya everytime
Claypool seems to get a long PI every game.  Love it.
Vintage Ben
"""Guys look! I ran 50 yards for no points!"""
Bleh... just a weird bump on the route leading to a pick... but Ben with the diving tackle
Does Ben have amnesia?  The dude has forgotten his age and his season-ending injury last year.
Didn’t he learn after the Titans game
opening drive TD to start the 3rd it is!!
We are treating this game like a practice game. Basically let’s try to jumpstart the running game. And also let’s take a few shots.
"Looked like pass interference, he picked and pushed off while ball was in the air."
I miss James Harrison
Is our cap so fucked that we have to release JuJu to Free Agency at the end of the year?
My god. 6 beers in the looooong first half. This is going to be a 4hr game easily.
Its alright boys I know we are all traumetized with close games but we've never looked better.
2nd and long run. Face palm
Nothing like a 3&11 straight out of halftime!
we get zero blocking going left every time.
Shotgun running is not working.
Fucking ridiculous ass offense
Come on Berry boom it
Fichtner please stop
I really wish ebron blocked that corner back. we can't get anything going on second down runs.
Are we still sack-less?
We come out the half playing like bitches on offense which doesn’t surprise me at all
84 has a weird looking facemask
If Mike is walking on the field Joe's done for the day
Please be something minor...
"Luton is gonna try Layne and hes gonna get a pick, the Antwon Blake special"
oh thank god he’s walking around
Just  a bit offsides
It’s not serious thank fuck
We good he up and moving
Ref giveth and Ref taketh
So Haden with a stinger... maybe a sharp cramping or a slight ankle roll... seems to be okay.
"“Slide to the left”


“Slide to the right”"
Guys how is Joe Haden? My stream died and they haven't said anything on redzone yet
We're yet to get a sack today
Let’s goooooo
The streak survives
YOU CAN UN CLINCH YOUR BUTTS NOW
Bear hugging Watt...that’s one way to stop him from killing your QB I suppose
The streak continues!!
"False starts, so hot this drive."
The streak lives!
The streak lives on
Haden looks OK praise be
Finally a sack!!
Ahhh our DPOY candidate Tuitt!
Whew. 67 boys!!!
Let the floodgates open now that we got that first one.
The streak LIVES
Alright only conner is allowed to run the ball now
"It would be nice to have a long, slow, time consuming drive where noone gets hurt."
The streak stays alive!!!!
PA Guy: Stephon TUTT
Our defense has arrived!
"Is Joe ok? I missed it

Edit: Haden,,,,,prayers for burrow tho"
"Nice push Snell, but conner has a great game. Im guessing there limiting his carries to save him for the baltimore game."
"When we said pass the ball, we didn’t mean like that"
"Tighten up, Ben"
That injury to Burrow. Oof
"Shit i just started watching.

WHAT I MISS?"
Randy please just let Ben run the no huddle for a little while. We can score another TD or two and then we can go back to your fucking shitty Bill Cowher offense.
K nvm
It's pretty amazing how this team is 9 and 0 with fucking Randy Finctner as our OC.
"Do they have any idea what they're doing?

Do they have multiple coaches calling plays"
Dang bud looks like he really hurts to take hits from
Lmao what was that?
Why is Jacksonville being so dumb
Ray ray...................Da fuk
McCloud seeing ghosts?
what the fuck was that
They took the penalty & now they're going for it???
"
uhhhh"
Bleh... I get why Ray Ray went fair catch out of reflex... part of the special teams unit wasn't out... but FUCK MAN.  Wish you had taken a peak at the room you had.
Put in the dagger!
Wtf was that Jax?
Ray Ray wasn't taking any chances
This is why they are 1-8
LOL what was that stupidity. Jags actually out here
How many times are we gonna start a drive off with a fucking run
Lmao in the Browns game the announcer just said “Big Chubb”
Randy must just flip a coin when choosing if it’s a run or a screen
They are NOT giving him that reach?
Good run by JC
That’s a first
"lol checked the Bengals game thread and saw some well wishes from Steelers fan for Joey B, downvoted to hell. classless fans, kill em with kindness"
he didn't look short to me with the stretched arm
I don't get this offense sometimes. Its really feast or famine.
Randy is trying to make sure that the game is super close at the end.
Way to make the defender miss JC!
Jags breaking like hard boiled eggs...smh
This looks like time for a jet sweep
My lord stop with injuries
Well we gotta pass now!
Woohoohooo Conner’s a baaad mamajama
"Love the stiff arm as he was moving out of bounds. Didn’t need it to get any farther, just straight disrespect lol"
Here comes the draw play.
Getting fouls so you're forced to pass. The 1000 IQ strat.
Has Ebron got a catch today?
I'm not used to seeing Ben throw this many short pass attempts. (from a play-calling POV)
Untimed down to end third quarter. CBS is going to love running those extra ads between quarters then
Would be sweet to see us put some fourth quarter points on the board. Perhaps a pick six?
If Nelson was 2 in taller he would have had that
TJ Watt rocked Spillane there haha
Bud Dupree is my spirit father
DU0REE DECAPITATED HIM
bud is a beast
BUD!!!! LETS GO
Holy fuck Bud with THE CLAWWWWW
Bud just sonned him lol
Have my children Dupree
Good job protecting that ball juju
Bud brought a buddy to the turf
Jags are gone mentally
Why can’t a quarter end on a defensive penalty?
No flags? Come on
Man a lot of Jags are going down for the count
JuJu is back in.
Fucking pulling again from Claybrooks.
Chase has gotta catch that. He knew it too
Dude peeing on that replay by the field phone things
So we're just not throwing flags anymore? Coolcoolcool
I think chase could have hit the dirt to catch that
Takes their guy pulling a hammie and taking our guy out to get the call. Geez
Poor DBs on chase
"They’re down so many DBs, how are we not running the score up now?"
I'd like to stop seeing players get injured. I just tuned in at the start of the third and its already too many.
Not JuJu
Dang. Not JuJu
Juju in pain. Gah.
Praise be
Looks like an ankle injury for JuJu.
Praise be.
Ben is really gonna throw it 50 plus times going into a short week. Jesus Christ
Didn’t know Efiert was on the Jags
TJ Watt is my dad
"Lowkey surprised Fast Willie Parker didn't get 1,000 yards as a rookie UDFA"
Hold up what's going on there's still 10 min to play we can't let up
is Joe back out there?
Yes!
This poor QB gets no peace
"***Game Over***   Jagoffs.

you have another quarter?"
WHAT A PLAY
Well whoever said earlier that nobody should bet on another Edmunds INT is really eating their words now.
What in the fuck Edmunds hell yes!
"This is a good easy win, if you ask me. They’re basically coasting through this and still winning easily."
"Dream for the play caller...rest Ben, just run it now and get good punts"
Let Conner get over 100
YEEESSSSIIIRRRRRR THATS MY BOY RELL
Thanks RayRay
Titans score!
Good to see Ray Ray getting targets.
Apparently Tomlin had the over
"GAME.STEELERS.

LETS GO EBRON"
I don’t feel bad about this one bit. Fuck the Jags and fuck their stupid Duval chant.
"Eric Ebron, baby!!!"
And they got the 2pt converstion!!
[deleted]
Can we pull Ben now?!?
That's game. Sit Ben.
Great Pass Ben. Ebron keeps getting better.
reindeer time
JuJu looks so upset :(
And for the next 2:18 we are all Titan fans!
Let juju rest we'll need him in a few days
"“Went to the Pro Bowl did Eric Ebron.” 
Ok, Yoda."
Sutton almost with another turnover 👀
"The NFL needs to institute a rule where the captains of both teams can get together, agree there's no point in playing anymore, and have the game end."
Johnson has more catches than Luton has completions.  That's just an embarrassing stat line.
"You get a pick, you get a pick, everyone gets a pick"
You get an int and you get an int!
"Not only can we continue an unbeaten streak next week, we could keep Baltimore's wonderful losing streak (come on Titans!) going as well!"
ANOTHER ONE
And that's a COMFORTABLE lead on the league sack lead
What the fucking fuck does TJ gotta do to get a holding call?!
Post game thread?
Watt being held at all costs. Wouldnt Be surprised if he leaves this game without his jersey on.
Dionte Johnson has more receptions than Loton has completions. Where are all those bastards who were complaining a back up was tearing up our defense?
i guess the jags are handing picks for christmas this year
I just lol’d the second I saw that 4th pick.
Lol go home jags
I switched to the ravens game to see Lamar choke but this is awesome lol pad those stats Minkah!
Our defense make me feel sum kinda way 😩🥴
Time to cheer for the titans now
Luton wishing he would have stayed in bed today.
Oprah Luten out there
Not looking good for the titans. Can't stop a runny nose
Florida weather is just the fucking worst.
Time to watch the Ratbirds
Ravens going to OT most likely
BosGod gonna put up three? Take us to an even 30? Me like.
how quickly yall think we could order a toe styled birthday cake and send it to the hotel in Jacksonville????
I would take a Baltimore Tie here!
10 & 0!!!!
somebody get JuJu a fucking wheel chair!!!
10-0!!
10-0!!!!!!!
Lets go Titties!!!
Lol Lama sacked
"please tits, please"
Just need a FG now!
"Suck it, Ratbirds!"
How can anyone possibly defend this garbage play calling. It's a joke. If we weren't undefeated this would be a way bigger topic than it already is
"Remember: these guys played a bunch of good teams close.

Don’t except a blow outZ"
So it's gonna be one of those days huh?
"Backup QB's


The Steelers kryptonite!!!"
Real talk: fire Tomlin before the end of this drive or wait til the half?
Well they stopped the td atleast
"Tbf, That was a pretty good fake kick...

Good execution. Just not a good result."
Fuck these announcers
That was Berry's fault
Fuckin kidding me guy?
Like the announcers were doing their damnedest to jinx that...
They couldn’t have tried any harder to jinx him
Thank You   CBS for jinxing Chris Boswell 🙄
Abandon the jet sweep please. Just purge it from our playbook
Lmfao. Dropped picked 6 and then a 65 yard punt. Just one of those games
Great call on the back to back McFarland carries to ice that drive
Who's the dumbass picking angles for these field goals
Stop with this fucking Bill Cowher bullshit! I'm so sick of it. We're better than this. We have a fucking hall of fame QB playing lights out and our fucking coordinator acts like Neal O'Donnell is the fucking quarterback. Fuck you Randy. He's so fucking awful.
OROY
Not a TD!  We wanted to keep bitching for no reason!
BIG DICK CHASE
yeah flag the push and not the punch to the face
Number 22 killing us on this drive and he’s our guy
[deleted]
Is it bad that I correctly predicted us running down the middle with our 5’8” running back on 2nd and long?
So does Benny Snell football not exist anymore or what?
"Run, run, pass, Punt. Where have I seen that before? This team could be absolutely elite with even half-way competent play calling"
That’s not good.
Mother of fucks
Fuck Haden is down and holding his knee. This ain't good.
"Every freaking run play decastro just stands around even when Conner is trying so hard to get open. 

If the O-line didn't give up so easily maybe we could actually gain some rush yards."
Screens. Are. Not. Working. Especially on x&long
"I love Claypool as much as the next guy but he's dropped some very catchable balls this year, still great but damn some balls just go right through his hands"
PI rules thrown out for this game.  The refs are just guessing.
Please fire randy cheeseburger fichtner into the sun
Are those Edmunds’ first 2 ints ever?
Can we pls start dobbs over rudolph
Lmao they still don't trust Rudolph to throw even in garbage time.
Let the big dick reindeer sling it plz
Hes fine guys he lifts
"Hey did you guys know that games aren't decided in the first ten minutes? 

Chill the fuck out."
"I hate to be that guy but this play calling is fucking garbage. No, no that is an insult to garbage. This play calling is HOT FUCKING MAYONAISE ON A PIECE OF STALE FUCKING BREAD"
"Big ass fucking house. Family is just playing in the living room. Ugh only place I can get some peace and quiet is my Lincoln parked out front. 

Are these ads serious?"
Marcus Allen making Penn State proud in these trying times.
Why take a timeout there? Seems like a waste.
The announcers literally just fucked Boz.
Announcers are Jaguars fans
That stat just gave Jax the win
You know your defense is bad when the Steelers can run on you.
clay pool and a clay brook? lol
Snell and running directly into a pile of people. Name a better combo.
The offense can’t start slow against real teams or they are toast in the playoffs.
"Whenever our defense is playing lights out, our offense goes to sleep. Whenever the offense is firing on all cylinders, the defense blows coverages. It would be nice when both sides of the ball show up to play whenever games are outside Ohio."
Dude our run blocking is so garbage
Anyone else noticing when a run fails today they just do the same shit again? Fuck Randy.
Ben’s thought process: that guy has a defender draped on him like a fucking coat. Ima throw it to him.
Is anyone surprised at all we’re struggling with a 1-8 team (mainly the offense wetting the bed)
This play calling is really starting to piss me off. Spice it up some Randy
100% on Nelson if they score here
jesus christ this playing calling
Randy is going senile if he thinks the run run past scheme still works
Imagine watching that Oculus commercial while high lol. I’d be tripping.
Let's not completely take our foot off the gas at the top of the second half. Please.
That offensive drive was comedic at best. Trying to create a run game out if thin air. This is Pittsburgh. We don't run the football well.
Say it ain't so Joe!
We’re gonna make this a game aren’t we
Cock sandwich
Oh no
Fuck. Not Hayden
Plz Haden no
Jags confused Ray Ray so much he decided not to return it
Lol Todd Haley make that play call?
"Future Cincinnati Bengal, Matt Feiler"
What is a penalty
Why the fuck is this team so hellbent on throwing. Conner is averaging 8 yards a carry. Give him the damn ball
All it took was a tackle to get the Pi called
"I think the last deep ball was more of a PI than this one, but I understand it"
These short yardage calls are awful
Chase is WR1
Play calling is awful. How are we nearly shut out this half
Obligatory fire Fichtner
This has been a confidence building drive for Jags so far. Damnit
2 quartets without a single point. Great.
We desperately need that 1 seed.  Don’t trust these fuckers on the road.
Come on Steelers. Lets make this a relaxing game and move on to 10-0!
Ugh Eye-an Eagle is calling the game.
[deleted]
fuck me im hungover
Why is the game on CBS but I get two CBS stations and not one has the game. Why is it like this?
Hope the bot doesn't implode this week
We gonna see some Avery Williamson this week? Didn't notice him against Cincy.
"Oh man this broad singing on WMBS can stop already. Put on Wolf, Tunch, and Billy already!"
Lets beat their asses
Ride the wave !!! Ben 4 TDs  & 400 yds & yeah I’ve had a couple
LFG
Steelers won the toss
LETS GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
"Representing from 7500km away, LET'GOOOO!"
"We should have this in the bag, but that doesn’t change the fact that Jags are always a thorn in our side, and that worries me"
Claypool gonna come up with two touchdowns today.
"If the pre kickoff chat from the announcers is any indication, this is going to be a long game."
HERE WE GOOOO
Anyone know why the game isn't on my local cbs??
Can I change my flair on mobile app?
This is basically Jacksonville's Super Bowl. Take down the last undefeated team. This will be a tough game.
Is alaunhaltig back this week
.....sigh. Beer one is gone already.
"God dang it, Bobby!"
Link to game?
"Now I remember why I don't watch games with my parents at their house

Their bootleg Internet stream that they INSIST on is so far behind"
Lol thanks for the field position.
What a high risk play
Holy shit onside kick
Jags know the steeers worst nightmare a back up quarterback
LMAO they really just did that
That kick was NOT for the brand.
Lmao nice try Jacksonville
"They pulling out all the stops, this is going to be an interesting game."
Why did jax do that?
Better punish them for that
S/O Marcus Allen
Damnnn ballsy lol
Actually goated call. I wish we were that aggressive sometimes
Hot second there I thought Johnson was gonna take off and be gone.
Honestly great kick
"I'd like them to run up the middle, that's what Conner does well, hit a hole and go"
i really love how DJ has blossomed as a receiver
Please score a TD not a FG
"Yeah, but now show ""consecutive sheets banned from"""
Ahhhh Bos is wide left.
And so it begins
the jags look DESPERATE
Not ideal.
Let's go Titans
another bad snap by Canady...he's gonna lose his job
Pain.
Garbage snap. Get it together guys
Man that sucks. Get it back
It's gonna be one of those days...
THOSE FUCKING JAGOFFS JINXED US
"Fuck the announcers, but Canaday needs to get his shit together. That was a terrible snap."
We had a perfect situation sniffed out the trick and get away with nothing. Oh yeah. This is going to be a nail biter boys. Get ready
Every kick Boswell has missed this year has been either his snapper or holder completely fucking him.
C. H. U. D. II: Bud the C. H. U. D.
Announcers with bosgod voodoo dolls
Damn that was actually really good.
I'm surprised Luton can throw as far as he can with his noodle arms.
Defensive pressure is fuckin awesome today
GOOD D
Rayray what is you doin baby
Here we go. 20 plays. 12 min drive TD
"Ok, the ""neighbors fencing but"" was clever.

the first 800 times."
"Verizon: This is the 5G network America has been waiting for.

Wildland Firefighters just wanting basic service:"
"I no longer watch the game with sound, so I have other stuff playing off to the side. With that info out there, True Detective(season 1) has been fantastic."
"Doug Marrone: on the hottest seat in the NFL

Ian Eagle: how much of this man's dick can I swallow and still attempt to announce?"
Great run James!
RUN RUN RUN
I AM SPEED
Let’s go James!!
 Schobert plays like a Steeler.
Too close for comfort
Our offense seems to take a half to get anything going.
Jesus christ that was close.
Nice coffin corner kick. Now let's force a turnover
What was Ben doing on that play? Why does the offense always start so so slow?
Flipped the field anyway
Defense better stand up
Good punt
Berry coming back strong after getting cut. Hope that lit a fire under his ass.
"everyone's mad at snell and it's like dude, they never actually run the sweep to a receiver unless it's Claypool or mccloud. I just looked at that and felt run up the middle and that's what it was. I imagine the defense felt the same way. I know everyone gets mad about the jet sweeps too often, but I'd rather have the ball in one of our receivers hands or run snell outside instead of up the middle."
Regardless of play calls Ben has to tighten up. That’s the second drive he stunted by a bad pass on third down.
Oh sweet Bud
So close bud
Ok please no run run pass
"I slept through the entire first quarter, apparently didn't miss much! Go STEELERS"
Play action bomb to Claypool on first down
That punt was fucking insane
That punt had the power of an Aaron Rodgers pass.
Bold prediction: McCloud takes it to the house this game
There’s what’s wrong with the run game.  Horrible scheme.
That was a very impressive two yard run.
Helluva 3 yard run
15 yard run 3 yard gain
Great catch.
Steelers and sideline catches. Name a more iconic duo
difficult effort for 2 yards
The run on 1st down is so predictable my grandfather with dementia knows it’s coming
WOW awesome grab
He's fucking holding the jersey
No flag?
Not trying to take away too much from a 20+ yard pass but thats another throw that got away from Ben. Luckily DJ got it. On target he could run fir days
What a catch Chase. You're the fucking man.
"Claypool is this good as a rookie, damn. He is only going to get better."
I have faith in Conner he’ll get it
I knew my faith would go somewhere
Who did they say went to the locker room?
Looked like my dog chasing a squirrel
come on man
Bad route by dionte
this run game is atrocious
Nice camera work on the FG. Jagoffs.
Damn the line held really well on that play too. Surely someone was more open?
Lol @ these play calls. 🤦🏼‍♂️
2nd and long run....
That was a boring last three plays....
Praise be
So what's xavier grimble doing these days?
We just can't convert on third down
"Why a anyone not named Conner is running the ball blows my mind. Also, running on 2nd and long blows my mind."
Run blocking is a disgrace smh
My dog is free an is a good OC ...just let me know...
"Our O-line is so bad at run blocking. 

So why do we call continuous running plays..."
Ben playing backyard football > Ben listening to the O coach.
Why is that jello so center on the truck? Is the driver 7 feet tall?
Luton isn’t very good
Jags offense looking like they have Celiac disease
We need a sack
Steelers TE Zach Gentry sustained a knee injury and will not return to today’s game.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUJU
Juju God damn
We’re using the Jags as our little play toy thing. Trying out running game strategies. I think we know that Ben will ice this in the end.
Please please. Send Randy home and let Ben draw plays in the dirt
These 2 yard runs on first down are an awful call.
how are we 9-0 with this run game
Honestly surprised we made it this far into the game without a penalty. Almost forgot what it was like having the game stopped for these.
That was dirty as fuck
Miles jack celebrating after giving up 15
joe schobert is living in Randy fichtners nightmares. every single run lmao
What a fucking catch
Guys I’m so sorry my lucky marcus allen shirt is currently drying and will be on to start the second half
This run blocking is horrendous.
I swear DJ falls after every catch haha
OLine playing like fucking shit
Wow. DJ's.got hands!
What a throw and catch by Ben and JWashington
I wish they would just use intermediate passes more in the 10-20 range. then they wouldn't have to get all these wild third down conversions
That was sexy
What a man
"well, Ray Ray isn't Curtis Samuel but you damn well know we'll do whatever gimmicky shit we can"
"rookie of the year, chase claypool"
Great job Defense!
Chase Claypool is the grandson of the Grassy Knoll Shooter!!
BOO!!!!!
Lol this defense is so smart
Let’s get a turnover
Robinson looks really good. strong and decently fast. makes Conner look like he's running in mud
That wasn't good
Stop giving up 15 yard runs tf
Dumb
God i hate the jags
"Jesus Christ, Nelson. You’re better than that."
Why was Vince Williams covering on the outside on that play? We’re lucky Luton didn’t look right
"Ha fuck you conley, you cant even shine FITZs shoes"
Jesus where is our pass rush
Holding on ever damn play now.
Jaguars trying to get in their heads....keep calm
Nelson what was up with that soft coverage?
Ok Minkah
"Fuck it, we will have lots of clock left regardless."
Heyward got bent backwards on that play. Looked worse than it was.
That Jags player pushed the ref...
Nelson is the soft spot in this pass defense. He’s getting beat every play this drive. Need to adjust ASAP
Okay good Cam
Yessssssssss
Mika!!!!
LETS GO
We need to step on their throats here
Minkah Pickpatrick!
All I see is studs.
Minkah magic
Loving the variety in the running game
DJ let’s goooooo!!
Should have been a flag opposite too
That dude has some serious holes in his jeans
I'll never get tired of seeing Mapletron tower over our team. It's hilarious
Holy shit.
If you're gonna show fans at least show the ones wearing their damn masks.
Ebron stumbled and still almost managed to get there.
"How about these phenomenal refs? 

/s"
SCORE A TD
That’s a td.
Diontae woke up!
TOUCHDOWNNNNNN
Let’s go snell!!!!
DJ
Here we go indeed
"We need to close this game out early in the second half. No more bullshit come backs, especially from a 1-8 team."
This game is going to be a massacre.
He finally has a pick!!!!
Okay let’s not give them a FG holy fuck
EDMUNDS! CONGRATS!
LET’S GOOOO
ANOTHER INTERCEPTION!!!!
Damn this is like the polar opposite of the last 2 years games lol great throw
Ok edmunds defense is feasting today!!
":28 seconds and 2 time outs, back to work"
Steelers feasting on another rook.
WTF!?!?!? EDMUNDS?????? WOW!!!!!!
Holy shit Edmonds made a play
Defense looking pretty darn good now.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Umm lmao
Edmund's first pick this year Yay
Fuck yes
Let’s get a FG
Mike glennon incoming
"34’s been playing great this year, was only a matter of time really. I shouldn’t have been so surprised."
I would feel kind of bad if it was the passtronaut (Josh Dobbs) having to start against our defense and throw 2 INTs in a half.
I went to the kitchen thinking the half is over & now I see we have the ball back. lol
This defense is Elite
[deleted]
R/Steelers has IMPLODED!!!
#elite
Claypool is a monster at drawing DPI.
Love the Jacksonville defender celebrating that broken up pass like they’re not still down 14 points lol
Oh man he would have caught that for sure! Make em pay!
PI!
"Finally a call

Refs woke up ffs"
Oh well
Elohel
My stream went down after the int and I was shocked Pittsburgh didn’t kneel it down like usual. I like this aggressiveness
Well that was stupid PI on their part
Lol why not go for the FG tho
FUCK
God fucking dammit Ben
D'oh!
Too fucking greedy dude
Ugh not the way to end the half but whatevs
"**Around the league**

|Time|Away| |@| |Home|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|00:13 2nd|CIN|9|@|7|WAS|
|01:51 2nd|ATL|9|@|3|NO|
|Halftime|PIT|17|@|3|JAX|
|00:10 2nd|NE|10|@|20|HOU|
|Halftime|PHI|0|@|7|CLE|
|Halftime|DET|0|@|7|CAR|
|00:41 2nd|TEN|10|@|14|BAL|
|Sun 11/22 04:05 PM ET|NYJ|-|@|-|LAC|
|Sun 11/22 04:05 PM ET|MIA|-|@|-|DEN|
|Sun 11/22 04:25 PM ET|DAL|-|@|-|MIN|
|Sun 11/22 04:25 PM ET|GB|-|@|-|IND|
|Sun 11/22 08:20 PM ET|KC|-|@|-|LV|
|Mon 11/23 08:15 PM ET|LA|-|@|-|TB|
|Final|ARI|21|@|28|SEA|


^Note: ^This ^is ^only ^as ^accurate ^as ^nfl.com ^when ^the ^bot ^triggers"
Ahhh fuck. That sucks
"Meh, 3 would have been nice."
Gosh dangit ben
Blatant PI
Ben did that just to hurt his stats so people don't realize how good he is
"Tough but whatever, not even really a momentum builder because they know they didn't get points and we start with the ball. If anything, this just is a little reminder to Ben that he doesn't have to do it all."
"""The Tackle"" part 2!"
"The jags are pulling out all the “we have a shit team” insults which range from insulting the fans, and saying to hit ben. Keep it coming Jags fans that are currently punching air!"
3 points would've been nice there as well. But I don't blame Ben he had a 1 on 1 and tried to give James a shot backshoulder. Unfortunately he stumbled coming out of contact with the DB (after the ball was thrown)
Does anyone know if Rally House in Ohio sells Steelers gear? Or is it just Ohio teams in there?
"This week's useless fortune cookie reads:

'Your hard work is about to pay off in an impactful way.'

Cool. If only I had been working hard towards something."
Does he just like holding a football?
I'm off work this whole week yinz and what a way to start the staycation. LFG
Another 1 yarder
I think I could live without all of these give it to McFarland three times series.
Is James Conner hurt?
"Yeah, now I'm going to complain about that opening drive"
Rr p nice randy
Strong start
I think if they called holding penalties consistently there'd be one against the Jags every play.
Ah RRP to start the half love to see it
"1st possession of the half:  2 ""run out the clock"" plays and launch the ball into orbit on 3rd down?"
[deleted]
fuck me.......
"I don’t know a lot about football positions, can Sutton play outside at all? Or is he really just viable in the slot?"
Cam sutton time I guess. Fuck I really hope he's okay but his reaction looked bad
"Man that sucks. Next man up though, the process is the process."
Heal up quick Joe. Too valuable to this team.
"I started James Robinson in my lineup this week. I'm glad that, at my expense, we are keeping him unproductive"
Cmon joe you got this
"Guys, can we not"
Oof enough with the penalties boys.
"1st down, offsides.

My bad"
basically offsetting penalties lol
So 75 isn’t holding TJ watt at all!! /s
GET A STOP
Oof. Burrow ded.
tuitt is a beast
We got the sack thank goodness
There it is
Tuitt is looking at an all pro this year
Sack record extended!
They were getting one this drive for sure.
SACK!!!!
LETS GO TUITT
There it is!
THE STREAK IS ALIVEEE
about fucken time... anyone hear that?
Joe Burrow looks hurt pretty bad
RIP Joe Burrow
Burrow is down in Cincy
Fat Randy trending on Twitter cause he shanked one LOL
Need offense to keep our D off the field. That Haden Heart attack was too much for me
Damnit sucks to see burrow get hurt
Welcome to the DJ show
Great effort by Snell
I hate when Liverpool and the Steelers play at the same time. I have to stick with the Steelers on the big screen though since they play less than half as many games. Both teams looking good today though.
"Let me guess, short yardage and Fichtner will send McFarland up the middle?"
Holy shit we just cannot run the ball
Nelsons hair is wild.
"just got back to my computer...can we talk about Tuitt stealing Cams sack, lol."
"In backyard football scoring, a 14 point lead is equivalent to leading 2-0.  Not big enough."
"is net punting yards measured from line of scrimmage or from where he actually kicks from? thanks

Berry has been a beast, great to see it continuing"
JOEEEEEEEE
Good shot by Bud
That does look uncomfortable
wtf is happening
[Holy fuck that might be the end of Burrow.](https://twitter.com/sharpfootball/status/1330601249402720256?s=21)
"LOL, are they trying to get another delay of game?"
What are they doing
Bud found himself a new buddy.
lol nice subs lol
Lol what?
They were just giving him a group hug.
That little guy is gonna get crushed today
Bud took his soul lmao
Bengals game thread is imploding over Burrow
Ray ray had room to run
Ok Jags secondary down and pass rusher Allen out...we need to pass
JUJU Ward blocking for the win
Coach told him to fair catch. Not our return team on the field.
I feel so bad for Josh Allen. First Burrow and now him.
I feel a bit bad for Conner there’s just no holes for him
RUN RUN PASS LET’S FUCKIN GO
Jaguar has hurt itself in its confusion
So fucking tired of these 1 yard runs.
This play calling is so frustrating to watch
dj trying to get 20 catches in a game
Face wash by JC
Conner having a great day!
"Arm is stiff, it is"
Badass stiff arm and finish
"This Jags team, so many injuries"
I’m getting sleepy
That was meant for juju
Oy
Welp that sucked.
Are touchbacks considered good or bad as far as punting goes?
Our offense could be so much better without Fichter.
Why did we still take an end of quarter commercial break!?!?
I wonder what he said to TJ
"SACK

It's Bud time"
"TJ and Bud, name a more iconic duo"
Bud finally gets one after playing great all game!
There's BUD!!!!
Have they said anything about Haden yet? Not sure if I missed anything
BUD BABY!!!
Another sack!
"Put em away right here, Give defense a well deserved rest plz"
How tf did dupree get him lol omg too great
I'm not gonna lie that was a facemask.
I’m gonna miss Bud
"Whew, dodged a couple flags that could go either way there. What a strongarm by Bud."
C’mon Titans you got this
he smacked chases arm contesting the ball is why that wasn't a catch.
Stg this claybrooks dude gets hurt every play
Jax is damn good at holding and PI like damn
dang 40 passes?
Fucking finally
Finally a fucking flag
How long has it been pouring?
Wtf is this game. Injuries man
I...guess?
Claypool goes deep and catches a TD once and now Jacksonville won’t stop holding and committing PI against him
Good YAC Claypool.
I’d like Conner up the guy on 3rd and 1 but needed those points badly
"Aaaaand Eifert is out for the season again. Dude has zero luck


Not wishing injury on him ever, just commenting on it"
I’ve never seen a QB with less touch on his passes than Luton. Every throw is an Aroldis Chapman fastball
"Christ, Luton might be the worst quarterback I’ve seen all season"
I can almost relax
ONE HANDED (SORT OF)
PICK CITY
Why is Ben still playing!?!
Alright now throw in Rudolph and run the ball
Edmonds coming in hot
Edmunds better get a game ball today.
EBRON!!!!!
AJ Brown with the grown fucking man touchdown against the Ratbirds
Ray Ray looks like he might be growing as a pass catcher. That’s some nice depth.
Another helmet hit. POS
That’s what I like to see
TD Titans...
Lol the eagles aren’t helping
Dart
"Ebron!

Game!"
Frustrating. You think the line is being trash and Conner dances all over the place. You think Conner is dancing around too much and the line is making trash blocks.
YES!
King Ebron
"Man, I think that foul goes both ways. I'll gladly take the yards, but McCloud lowered his head too."
1 step drop is a specialty
Fuck it I'll take an Ebron touchdown!
Cool the yinzers can shut up now
Reindeer time now please
The tits make the 2pt convo
Come onnnnnnn Titans
Thats game boys!!
"If we come out of this week with a four game lead over Baltimore, and a three game lead over Cleveland, I'm still going to consider it a four game lead."
How many TDs is that for Ebron this year?
Holy shit! Ngl. Stopped watching at 17-3 and we scored 10 points! Let’s gooo!!!
I would play Mason. But it’s just handoffs from here on out. Ben will stay in.
Sutton I fucking felt that pain. So damn close.
And here I was thinking Ebron wasn't having much of a game.
MINKAH
12 > 11
Our secondary stat blocks thanks the Jacksonville quarterback today
ANOTHER ONE
"Alright boys, can I relax now or?"
MINKAH!
LOL CBS is savage with that graphic
WE HAVE THE KEYS TO ALL SUCCESS
*insert it's already dead meme*
Okay this kind of sad now
WOOOHOOOOOO MINKAH
Luton just giving us stats
Minkah with another one! Let's go!
"OK, who's getting the hat trick?"
Fitz fucking MAGIC!!!
I think I feel bad now? What’s happening
It's weird how many 3rd and 9 or 10s we give up.  Yet only 3 points.
"idk when the last time we had two guys with two picks in one game, but I'm guessing it had something to do with rod woodson."
Mason jar time
And the ball of Derek let him get some yardage
The Ravens are moving down the field quick
Nice tackle Highsmith
Damn birds lol
Good job D. Love to see everyone stepping up.
Let’s go Titans
This QB for Jacksonville shouldn’t be in the NFL.  He is pathetic.
Ravens in OT baby!
I just bought a tj watt jersey so I'm glad it isnt bad luck
Take us to the Titans game cmon
Good game boys. No messing around just foot on the gas pedal.
"Luton putting his helmet back on, looking so deflated. Don’t blame him a bit."
ahh boys see y’all on Thursday
Keep it 10-0
Where can you catch the postgame at?
Cam’s big throw at the end really helped my fantasy team
Judon going down could be big for Thursday.
Let’s gooooo
THIS PLAYCALLING IS **GARBAGE**
Can we please not suck on the road against a shit team for once?
That drive is on Ben. That was an easy throw.
Every season we're doing well then get pitted against an unstoppable force like the 1-8 jags
This whole starting slow shit has to stop. Come on man this ain't gonna work all season
Wtf dude two easy touchdown drives end when we go full idiot mode and put in back up rbs to run 2 dives in a row then hope ben makes a long 3rd down. Randy is killing our drives with that garbage
"Steelers fans and crying about the commentators, name a more iconic duo"
well DJ hasn't had his usual early drops or issues today
Our top defensive status is going to be in major trouble if Haden is gone for a long time
Bush going out ended our rush D
"Managing my expectations today. We have a short week coming up, playing the Ravens in Baltimore. Classic trap game here. Calling it now: 4th quarter drive with 3 minutes left to win the game by 3.

Love you guys"
WHY DO WE ALWAYS DO THIS
Uhh..what are we doing exactly?
Damn that was a hell of an attempt by Jax. Glad our boys were sharp
FUCK THESE ANNOUNCERS
IAN DAMN YOU DUMBASS CANT PRONOUNCE HIS OWN NAME
Fukcing CBS
Jinx works ffs
Don’t even start this shit today
I absolutely do not trust this team after what they pulled against Dallas. Had me pissed off the entire game.
Are we panicking yet?  /s  we got this
I’m gonna miss Smokin Bud ☹️
Connor > Snell
They knew Big Ben was going to Ebron before the snap even happened.
I love the overreactions already
The run game will not take off until we finally insert Kevin Dotson into the starting lineup.
Can we just let Ben pick plays? Please!
Starting slow every fucking game even against tanking teams is really concerning. Espacially coming playoff time.
Need to run Conner more. He’s deserved touches so far. Give Ben a break.
Bud is a body catcher apparently
Offense 0 points in the 1st quarter against a 1-8 team
Bens deep ball has left the building.
Wish I was watching right now. CBS decided to air Titans vs Ravens game instead for my area. Once again CBS has disappointed me. 🙄😓
"Fichtner mixing it up again, I see."
Why wait til 3rd down to pass
Jesus fucking Christ how many times are we gonna run-run-pass
Randy can suck a fat one. Dumbass calls a run over and over. We should be at least 14 points right now.
"Of course, our defense is playing good all game. Offense FINALLY scores a TD. What’s happens next? Our defense shits the bed"
Cam Sutton>Nelson
You get paid millions of dollars to play this game and not jeopardize it by pushing someone like you’re in middle school.
Edmunds did a thing!
Wtf was that Ben.
Could be pushed off our guy any harder? Or was that maximum effort?
Can we just take the points ever?
Hiding on the other side of a glass partition is so hilarious
Run run 25 yard incompletion so predictable lol
Let’s be honest. Out o line is doin 0 for running game we could have hade Prime OJ in his Bronco and we would be stopped on line of scrimmage.
Noooooooooo
oh fuck haden doesn't look good omg
noooooooo
Oh fuck me
FUCK
It doesn’t sound like she’s saying funkifier at all...
"'No sacks so far for Pittsburgh.'

Luton is a coward confirmed."
When did josh allen play Linebacker? I thought he was a QB
McCloud is looking like Switzer today lol
Ray Ray seeing ghosts
So sad to hear that cinci didn't bother to get burrow any help and he's now dead
"These plays, man. What in the blue flaming buttfuck?"
We keep getting cute.
Really don’t like letting them hang around
Ah yes. The old “Dominate the game but let a bad team hang around” game from the Steelers today
Mapletron gotta catch those.
"Claypool has an insane catch radius, he probably wouldn’t have gotten that, but he might have been able to"
How did that one ref just hold and stare at his flag?!
It's gonna be tough in the playoffs if we can't run the ball to run out the clock late in games
time to pull JuJu ...he got some hamstring issues
Fuck this offense is so frustrating.
"The lack of a running game today is disappointing, and to rack up all these throws behind the line of scrimmage is infuriating."
What the fuck kind of screen was that?
"Juju hurt.  That’s why we have Washington, a good WR."
Even Tomlin shaking his head at this dog shit play calling
I wish we’d fire Fichtner right after this game. I know we won’t but I just want good offensive play calling. I just want something entertaining to watch. The defense can’t make splash plays all day. They get tired and all Fichtner can do is run right into the pile and throw screen plays. Please god fire him
"Offense is definitely struggling, I worry about us vsing Baltimore next week."
Guess we avoided the trap
My heart is so happy this game is turning into a laugher.  I was so nervous about this one.
This has been a hideous performance
"Almost time to go get Chinese food, already got a good sativa ground up testing at like 24%, putting jerseys on my dogs and myself when we get back, and a victory pre-roll on standby for tomorrow morning after I get home from work. 

Let's kick some Jaguar ass."
How 'bout the announcers get in a car accident and die in a fire jinx?
"People are really crying about spillane as if Butler's not the one getting LBs in man coverage on WRs and being clueless about how to handle those mismatches when they pop up. Same shit every week and he still hasn't shown any indication of knowing how to solve the problem. That's the weakness of the defense, don't get worked up when the inevitable happens"
Oh goodie here go the announcers deepthroating the jags holy fuck
"Only 4 INTs, but not for lack of trying."
Man Randy is retarded
Jesus Christ if you run it once and only gain a yard why would you run it again. So stupid
why does ben only throw to DJ?
can we stop the fucking ineffective runs up the middle when our passing game is working
"Our running game is DEAD. Just stop. IT IS NOT WORKING EVEN AGAINST BAD TEAMS. STOP. 

We chose not to sign a running back or work on our run-blocking so it is what it is."
Our run game is bad. Are we trying to force it to improve it or is the play calling bad?
"You have to love America only country that can do commercials for Pharmaceuticals 

Side effects may cause
Aged
Ghkkh
Dfkkf
Dhl MC
Fhkkff
Fhkkff
Sikh
DEATH
Fjhg
Fhkkff
Fhkkff
Fjkb"
Chase is having an awesome rookie season but he’s been dropping a lot of catchable deep balls
Bruh Ben is going to fucking kill Claypool with all these overthrows. Like holy fuck.
This is just anemic playcalling. 20 points against this decimated defense is really pathetic.
we suck. it’s over.
"Why does it feel like we're losing??

I'm not enjoying watching this game at all."
"I dont give 2 fucks what the scoreboard says. We look like absolute dogshit, and this is why no one cares about our record."
Conner is averaging 2.8 per attempt over the last three games? I knew he was struggling but didn't expect it to be that bad.
Bratwurst cooked. Beer by my side. LETS GO
We really letting Luton do this
Ahhh our run defense is still trash
For fucks sake
[deleted]
"Older fans warned me about this, how do we proceed now?"
The graphic jinx IS real
God damn it canaday
THEY HAD TO JINX BOS DIDN'T THEY!
[deleted]
Come on Randy... just retire and let Canada take over
"Whew, pick 6 avoided"
God the run game just isn't working. Stop trying to establish it and just let Ben do his thing
Why are we always SO BAD against the jags
Why is Snell playing?
"Not loving the offensive play calling to start this game. Why try to run the football when we're not a running team? Should just do what we're good at, which is spreading it out."
Lol Ben should have at least 2 Ints now. Does this guy have nightmares of the Jaguars?
Man gotta come down with that pick bud
Is bud angry?
Holy fuck our offensive line sucks.
Lol back 2 back runs
Why is our run game so horrible?
Ben needs to pick it up but I trust he will. He gives me a lot of confidence but I wish he would be ready from the start of games. Anyone else feel the same? Not necessarily saying he doesn’t come ready to play but maybe he plays it too safe early? It’s just a different Ben late when we’re in a game
Nelson looking like Ike Taylor with that drop
Ok so safe to say we’re playing for the field goal...
Why is the time running down after Conner went out of bounds??
Run on 2nd and 8? Sigh
We are a pretty lucky team
wow Edmunds actually did something holy shit
TeReLlE eDmUnDs SuCkS
He did something!!!
UGH why cant we take the points
Come on Ben that was ridiculous
Ben is better than that man. Take the 3 points. Always trying to make a playground play.
"Couldn't have just taken the easy three? Boo.

BosGod deserved to eat again."
"Now Pittsburgh is gonna recieve the kickoff, Ben knew exactly what he was doing."
Oh Ben... well at least that happend against the Jagoffs.  Could be worse.
"Stop, stop, give up 3rd down. Lol some things never change"
Damn it!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Fuck, Time to see Layne play some solid snaps, i expect to see Sutton move around outside aswell"
Fuck
NO
Nononononononono
"Come on Joe, be ok"
Holding the knee :(
I KNEW it. Saw that hit and said I hope he’s not hurt.  Heard that triple whistle and knew he was.  Damn
Nooo. Not Joe! :(
Idk about yinz but those side effects though.
Anyone that thinks Randy Fichtner is good should have their account deleted
This play-calling is putting me to sleep
OH MY GOD this offense looks so ugly. Thank God for this defense
I don’t see how that isn’t a penalty
It's refreshing to see a receiver not come down with the ball and not immediately cry for a flag. They were def battling. Good no call
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck Ben that was on you
Chase’s route just took out Hayden’s knee
Alright who’s next on the claypool( Deadpool reference)
Fuck JuJu is down.
Offense has been playing fucking awful
Terrell Edmunds blowing his load in one game. Save some for the good teams Terrell
[deleted]
Ravens going to OT
"Good game for the DBs, still terrible game for the running game. It's like they didn't do any changes from last week. They have Thursday Night Football, I don't think they will be making that many changes to the running game unless they would want to use Derek more. Let's hope Juju is good fir Thursday as well. 10-0!"
Fuck is wrong with our defense
Spillane just got shredded on that tackle. Ugh.
not ideal start lol
FG good for Jags...time to fire ST coach
Johnson dropping too many 3rd down passes
Wow. Give jags confidence in their first offensive possession. Don’t capitalize on great field position. Then miss a FG.... starting to feel like the Cowboys game
Another First Quarter where we do nothing
Feels like this offenses only chance of doing anything depends on Ben's arm. And that's a shitty spot to be in. He can't throw 65 times a game.
That’s really bad. I’m pretty sure Justin Layne is not ready for this yet
Losing Haden will destroy our defense
"Bush and Haden, this team is cursed"
This is actually pissing me off
I know people are bitching about our offense. But We have zero run game. Suspect o line and no mobility in Big Ben. Offcourse we are fucking predictable
Please put in Dobbs
"Dude that's fucked, Conner should have gotten the TD"
Can't play for shit against bad teams. Doesn't matter what Tomlin says. It shows every time.
can we really not score more  than 17 points on the fucking jaguars?
"The whole fam is geared up, got two 19s on the kids today, Happy Birthday Juju!!!"
Anybody got a stream? Crack streams isn’t working
Please don't hurt us. Sincerely. Jags
So what are our draft targets next season? Another Big Ben replacement? RBs? Or maybe a TE..
"Im unexpectedly hungover today so hoping for a not so close game

Here we gooooo"
Here we go!
"I’ll add, wing and fries are cookin. Beer in hand, celebration edibles are on stand-by!"
Jags fan here. Put us out of our misery :)
Slight Drizzle boys
How do I watch this game? It’s not showing on my cbs channel?
I'm here!! I have not missed kickoff once this year and almost slept thru it. I don't wanna say it's why we're undefeated but hmm....
Jake... Get ready for TJ and Bud to make their introductions
LFG
And now STUFF IT
Lutton gonna get sacked all day today!
Get a stop here
Oh lord
Good stop boys
Why wasn't that Jags pass intentional grounding?
Is Minshew hurt or benched?
The jags are gonna run play action every time they see Tj play the middle. Giant scheme flaw
Across the 50!
Good run
Conner pop off please
30 looked like 36 on that run
Hey should we use our kicker for the on-side try? Nah
Oh? okay. Interesting kick.
Good start offense
He hit em with that okie doke.
Two of those a game it seems.
So many bats
pretty crazy how much that's happening. it doesn't even look like he's putting his arm low on his motion to me either.
"My stream died, how did we get such good field position?"
Shiddddd Johnson down there somewhere
Fuck shoulda tried a run
No Bozgawd for now I guess :(
wait what he missed?
I like that we’re coming out aggressive early
LET'S GO DEFENSE. GET A TURNOVER!!
How far was that kick?
Cock sucking motherfucker eat a bag of shit.
Just another TFL
"How do people think we'd fair against a team like the Chiefs? I'm genuinely curious.

Would be fun to watch."
"Let that shit bounce into the endzome, c'mon man!"
"Let's get a runback from DJ

Edit: Oops, Ray Ray I meant."
Number 65 has reported as eligible
"I’m a huge proponent of fielding punts inside the 10 because of how adept at backspin modern punters are, but when you have 3 guys inside of two yards of you all unblocked, even I’ll say to let that go."
yeah jc!
Time to get to work. Let’s bleed out this first quarter on our way to a TD.
I can not believe he outran that d back lol
FINALLY
We can run!
Go Steelers!!
Geez
 I guess Ben didn’t see Washington open there...
What was Ben even going for there
Man. Can they talk about the Jaguars anymore?
"This Jacksonville quarterback seems good. He is mobile, reading us pretty well. Making decent throws. I like him"
We needed that pick.
Deep claypool touchdown on this drive
Lord what an effort to get positive there
conner really celebrating a 2yd rush
Wow what a catch
DJ is looking good today
Stop. Running. The. Football.
Stop running it for fucks sake
That was an ugly run.
A more accurate ball to DJ is a TD there
Working stack working stack and loses track of it.  No interference.
Ok Conner
chase gotta go to the ball and stop flopping for PI
Good shit JC
Why do we run McFarland between the tackles and Connor to the outside??
Uh? Didn't he just get tackled?! No PI?!
I do wish if they were so insistent on getting him the ball they'd do it on more passes. he has good hands overall for a rb
Ebron time
man he could have gone outside no? yeesh
Conner is showing up today big time.
Seems whenever we run on 2nd an long then have 3rd an long its an obvious throw and the D eats it up
Jeeeeeez
Twice now we are rolling and decide to run twice for nothing then incomplete on 3rd. Somebody tell randy the bar down the road is doing all day happy hour and get him out of here
These third down conversions are killing us
Ben‘s angry now…
Ben trying to force it there..
"I don't really get why ben made the throw. He was looking at it the the entire way, so he must've seen the double coverage, I guess Dionte got outside leverage on the out, but I still would've liked to see ben come off of that."
Man juju is open on so many of these plays
Guess what? It’s not Fichtner’s fault that the offensive line is getting blown off the ball and Ben is throwing it right to Jacksonville.
"I really fucking hate this AllState ad. Comes on constantly when I'm at work and I always think Inception is on only to get disappointed when I look up from my desk and see that stupid ad again.

Doesn't matter how many times I hear it my dumbass reacts the same every time."
Swear we always play like ish in Jacksonville
Jag are consistenly running at he left side of the line.
[deleted]
Man no sacks no ints but we've been so close sooooo many times
"i just want to let everyone know that i'm sitting in a different chair wearing a different shirt and baking some bread....so i've broken my routine, hopefully i'm not disturbing the JUJU or being a jynx."
It was pretty out of reach but Nelson is going to be kicking himself for that one.
How about that blocking by Pouncey there
Pouncey got away with being downfield early there
Where the yell is our offense man? Wth Tomlin. Can we please stead it out?
juju's always bringing that polynesian power
Thanks Jack!
Juju strong
Run on the first so a second run coming
"Run, run, pass, punt here we come."
I’m just waiting for JuJu to get an unnecessary roughness call on him for bullying some of these guys.
Yes DW!
BIG PLAY JAMES
"How about a 3rd down, delay handoff up the middle?"
"Holy crap

Pass and catch"
Is it just me or does he slip a lot
1st down!
See flair
FIRST DOWN STILLERS
the pools bigger than the brook today
Chase is on the case!
"That ad break was just long enough for me to listen to the George Washington rap.

I figured other people needed to know that."
He’s based.
Mmm I love tackles for a loss.
Wtf
they shoved each other no? wtf
Wtf
Wtf?!
That’s so weak
Stupidest fucking play ever
Oh dude why why why why would you do that
Soft fucking call
Why the hell would you do that Nelson
Wtf is Nelson doing???
That should have been on both guys.
Are you fucking kidding me
Did the center literally just say exactly where Robinson was gonna be going?
These blitzes just aren’t hitting home.
I feel like Nelson's regressed this year
no one within 20 yards if him lmao
Good blast doubles
Defense getting shredded here lmao
Can't give Baby Chark that much cushion
no cam
CAM NO
Sick bottle spin
I'd hit the whipped cream over the Bud Light too.
Missed false start there
Conner getting a few extra yards by reversing field and by bouncing outside may be more harm than good in the long run. Dude just needs to put his foot in the ground a head up field.
What a fucking catch
Westerville Central High School stand up
LETS GO.
prevent defense just gives the offense freebie 20 yard passes. I hate it.
HOLY SHIT INT!!
All Receivers on rookie contract > QB on rookie contract
WOOOOOOOO
yo another pick lmao
Bince does not play friends during games I guess.
2020 huh
INT
HERE WE GO!
I called #34 getting a pick the other day. Yes!!!
Let’s goooooooo
Hope we really try to score here instead of half-assing it to halftime.
I would have been 10x more surprised if he *didnt* throw a pick. Let’s go boys!!!
I feel a pass to Claypool in the parking lot is coming
Steelers Big Man: you posting in this thread? How is the game?
And you guys say the announcers don't cause this shit lol. They hopefully won't throw a pick here they said.
"I have a weird feeling we’re gonna see the end of the sack streak today. Obviously I hope it stays but luton seems to be trigger happy, even to throw it away"
"He looks like his name should be ""Winger"""
That’s right bby draw that PI
"2 plays and   a FG. DONT FUCK IT UP!

*TALKING TO YOU RANDY*"
"Flag, baby!!!"
"Finally a good DPI call. A REALLY obvious one, but still"
Dammit Ben
Mapletron had him dead to rights.
Claybrooks had to do that cuz that was a TD for Claypool.
I love that ben has a guy where he can get those flaccos.
Flacco airball!!
"lmao everytime, I love you chase"
"Ah yes, the ol' ""throw deep and hope for DPI."""
Run it up!
That's what I wanna see. We'll take an easy three points before the half.
Just like in the Titans game
Remember when Flacco used to do that to us all the time?
Bad Ben
Oopsie
Son of a bitch
Dionte was wide open.
Ugh should’ve just thrown it away and kicked the FG.
Greedy
That’s no big deal
Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
"""settle for a 17-3 lead""

yeah okay"
Oh no! Anyway...
I’ve seen this movie before
C'mon just take the three
That was fucking frustrating
Take the 3!
Yeah whatever Jacksonville you shits
We make it so easy for some teams
Jags still dangerous since they got nothing to play for...
Most inconsistent offense ive ever seen
"F\*\*\*\*ING WHY

&#x200B;

Run Run Deep Pass Out"
ಠ_ಠ
I don’t even know who we have behind Joe :(
haha eye for an eye
This is interestint
Joe Burrow is seriously hurt
"yeah, there's our sack"
SACK BABY
FINALLY
"TJ gave him a noogie, that's fucking awesome"
Bear hugging TJ literally fuck this officiating crew
Boom.   Here we go D!
67.
Sack streak continues!
Ray ray learned from that mistake
Joe Burrow is down. Having his left knee checked.
I can rest easy now
King Tutt
"Does anyone have a link to live stats for the game? I can't find them anywhere, and I'm trying to figure out how many receiving yards a few players have."
Barely got that
That punt was mid
Totally banged up defense... hopefully we capitalize on this and add more to our lead
Nice hit!
Great stop
They 100% would have gotten that third down with a run lmao
WTH.....going for it
That's an odd strategy
Oh please stop them here
Why the intentional delay of game there? Lol
If Bud just goes for the ball he’d have way more FF/Strip sacks lol
NFL teams and players always give back to the community
Jags are confused
What the hell are they doing?
It doesn't appear that the Jaguars even know what the Jaguars are doing right now
Mastermind of Jacksonville!
Such a nice guy that Bud is. Hits your qb but lays him down gently. Practically tucked him in.
I guess the Mickey Mouse bullshit kinda worked. Ray Ray was nervous about not having the full punt team out there
Some really poor offence on the last few plays
he had that first!
QB SNEAK MF!!!
RHINO FOR 2
Just sneak it
"Hope Joe Burrow is ok, looked like a rough hit."
EZ
Connor making them look stupid!
Never mind that worked actually
Whew.  That was a little lucky.
1st down = ~1 yard run
Damn man
Is Haden still out?
[feel like I'm gonna get some use out of this](https://i.imgur.com/KT9JGWu.jpg)
Bud Hug
We keep getting this type of pressure they're going to make a mistake. Again.
How many interceptions have we dropped today
Bud got a buddy
"Aight O, leggo"
Let’s go Ben defense needs a rest
is Haden ruled out? i was driving during that point in the game so haven’t seen or heard anything
"Right off the helmet, tough"
Gotta catch that chase
2nd and 1 is the new 3rd and 1
Jags are dropping like flies
"Juju back on the field, bless him."
These injuries are horrible. Let it stop
We have tight end sighting!
We are playing like shit - this game taking a lot of wind out of the sails.
"Man they are banged up. Just search that 1 v 1 and we should get a flag every single play. At this point, they can't hold our guys without a foul."
claypool make em miss !
I will definitely get a bosgod jersey
Why no fucking replay?
Ray Ray respect
Ray Ray is so fast
Most obvious run play in the history of obvious run plays.
Tennessee took the lead!!!!
Watch Conner get injured in a game that's over because for some reason we still want to keep him in there.
Damn it philly
Beautiful right there!!!
Any update on juju?
God damn what the fuck was he thinking with that tackle?
I feel bad for Juju now. :(
Lfg
Let's go
Dagger
"Ok, pull all the starters."
I actually really wish I could watch the last 2 minutes of the Ravens game rn
"If Titans win today and we beat Ravens do we clinch the division?

Forgot about the Browns lol"
is Dobbs inactive? Put him in for some revenge szn
Damn that was pick 6
Almost had em again!
"Great stuff overall, run game wasn’t as bad as last week at all"
MINKAH
"Eat up, boys!"
Minkah!
They’re playing some funky music
Ok i feel bad for their rook lol
At what point do we start feeling sorry for Luton?
Can someone explain how this isn’t a heart attack game?
This guy passes like me in madden
MINKAH
MINKAH !
Minkah!!!!
This guy fucking SUCKKKKKSSS
Hit the ground.
Ah yes the pre victory line up
Jags are TOAST
And to think I was a bit scared of Jay Gluten
Face mask?
"Benny doesn’t hit the hole as much as he sorta sees what the hole is up to first, then makes a move."
Juju has a toe injury
wooooooooo
10 and 0 woooooooooooooo
Great game guys! Go Titans!
I wanna see the full 10 minutes
Da faq goin on? Down 0-3????? TOMLIN GOTTA GOOOOO BEN WASHEDDDD WE NEED AB BACK
Why are we like this
"We aren't going to beat good teams playing like we are. Scoreboard doesn't tell the full story, I feel like we've made a lot of poor decisions."
gonna be a frustrating game lol...hopefully the Steelers got the bs out with that drive by the jags
WHY IS OUR SPECIAL TEAMS SO BAD DURING THESE TRAP GAMES. LIKE WTF
Does our offense ever have a game plan? They  literally come out and run random plays hoping they work and don’t try to break down defenses...
Jacksonville is so bad. This is fucking embarrassing
[deleted]
Nelson fucking sucks
"Y'all still say ""who cares about those 3 points""? Games can change so quickly."
"'This one goes over the head of McCloud.'

Forget about it McCloud you're out of your element."
"When I saw spilane covering him, I knew where it was going."
"Those Jag uniforms match their seasons performance so far, fucking putrid."
Why the fuck would you try that this early?
"so if we had to lose a game this week, would we rather lose this one or the ratbirds?"
"Looks like we’re using the second half offense early this week. Given the results, I’d say that’s a good call"
Terrible Canaday
He would miss against the jags lol
I knew they were going to jinx it! Knew it in my bones. Never fails lol
"God that was dumb, let the ball go."
This is gonna be a blowout
Why is our run blocking complete dogshit?
Fuck you state farm.
[deleted]
Can we score at least one TD before we throw away two plays to Anthony FFS
"That’s 2 batted passes, 2 almost picks, and a missed deep ball from Ben. Something about the jags gets to him."
Oh look no jinx and we get a FG. Interesting.
[deleted]
Lots of dropped INTs for both teams today
Slept thru the first quarter after driving to a campsite to pick up the other half at 7 am. What'd I miss
Anyone else wondering why the mods haven't updated the Bengals record to be accurate with their six losses?
"As much as a running game helps. Not needed right now. We need to play to our strengths, get the lead, and then mess around. Granted it’s what we’re doing now but the first few scripted drives are always so off"
Dammit Spillane...Bush makes that tackle
Weak ass call
Nelson sucks
it's obvious that conner did something to someone getting screwed out of goal line carries week in week out
"I wouldn't put your money on Edmunds getting a pick

his first ever"
Bruh Luton got picked off by EDMUNDS LMFAOOOOo
I hate Flacco ball so much but I’ll take it
"Fr tho, does Tomlin hate James Conner?"
Shoulda threw that towards the middle there where Washington had leverage and another in-breaking route was coming open in the endzone
Trying to give a receiver a chance... probably should have taken the 17 point lead. They do get the ball though
Evan Washburn is so pretty
"Fans: You're going the wrong way!

McCloud: What?

Fans: You're going the wrong way!

McCloud: How would you know where I'm goi- oh shit!"
"That's Randy ""~~Best~~ **Worst** Playcalling in the NFL"" Fitchner to you."
Oh nooooo no no noooo Joe
dammit
Fuck
Plz no
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
THIS IS BAD
Fuck. Please not Joe
Ugh the yearly Haden injury. Hopefully it’s not serious
( ͡ಠ ʖ̯ ͡ಠ)
Is TJ Watt playing today? I haven’t heard his name yet
Oh nvm
it feels like they want plays to be before the sticks as much as possible. like it's a good thing to have third down four times a drive.
"In the 3 and a half hours of a football game, with all the ads, timeouts and penalties, How much time is spent actually playing live football?"
Got to catch that
Of course I have Ebron  in fantasy...sorry I cursed him
"Chase, gotta make that catch"
Every team holds and PI’s our wide receivers when they go deep. Every damn time. Especially Claypool
Masons best game in Steelers shirt
Why does Claypool fall everytime he goes for the ball whether or not he’s interfered with lol
No wonder people consider us the worst 9-0 team of all the time. Holy shit we should be kicking ass. This team has one win
I hate how tomlin tucks his tail in between his legs when we have a decent lead.  Just fucking bury them so we can pull the starters late games. It's the 1-8 jags ffs
Bos coming up with that performance anxiety...sheesh.
If it comes down to the wire... it’s on that right there. Why force that shit man.
This fucking team. Not gonna win a super bowl starting games like this. They do it literally every week
Jordan Berry BLOWS
Asleep?
Come on. Ben has to hit DJ there. What a bad throw.
Ben realizes that he can throw above the d lines hands right? Seems like every throw is almost or is deflected
Conner would be a decent # 2 RB. He’s not an RB 1 with his vision and lack of explosiveness
That's stupidly unnecessary. Just take the 3 points and get the ball back in the 2nd half. Stupid by Ben.
no no this could literally end his career
I hate this game so much
this is gonna be a long game boys 😃🔫
"That was a terrible pass lol

Ben's been so spotty this season

EDIT: Downvoted because it's true. Most batted down passes at the line of scrimmage, etc."
TRAP GAME
Ben isn't a good garbage time qb
Butler putting Tj Watt in the middle to rush the QB is fucking infuriating. Fire this idiot already
Y'all down voted me last time but I'll say it again.... Jordan Berry BLOWS
Was that “Benny Snell football”? Because I don’t like it
I always think its funny that the steelers media is always showing Haden one handing catches during warm-ups but he drops everything that touches his fingers in game.
Time to start talking 19-0?
DJ’s biggest weakness are his hands. In a year or two he will become the next Donte Montcrief
How can we be so happy about being undefeated when our offense looks anemic and boring every week
Come on
interesting what happened to Mondeaux on that run
So what Ben are we going to get?
3 and out incoming.
Big time play by Allen!
You gotta catch those.
that’s a big 3 points in a game like this
And yet another opening drive without a TD.
Spillane can’t cover for shit
Maybe our defense can score a TD...
"Nice job D, okay offense. Let Ben sling it, just abandon our absolute trash running game"
So we just keep playing for the field goal right? Our offense fucking stinks
Ben fixates on Johnson too much. He always looks for him on 3rd down.
A tuddie here will demoralize the jags. Let's do it.
Throwing short of the sticks? Come on Ben.
That’s kind of a bullshit call...helmet to the back sucks but how else do you want him to make A DIVING TACKLE
"Huh, another run on 1st down. Weird."
Yeah I’m ok with that call. Take the first if you can get it. I’d rather both but meh.
God damnit why are we making a team like fucking Jacksonville look decent
Way to go Ben
I didn’t want to jinx an unnecessary Ben INT... but I FUCKING KNEW that was coming
Jesus Ben don’t try and tackle him
"Man I would not have thrown it deep in the middle of the field there. One deep pass down the sideline to try to get a TD, incomplete kick a field goal. I think that was the better play. But whatever we get the ball back at halftime."
First 3 and out...ugh.
Goddammit
FML
Omg Dupree
Fuck it as an OU fan Lincoln Riley can be interim OC for the rest of the season
"Ray Ray doesn't call fair catch in the end zone, calls fair catch when it's wide open."
If we score quick and get the ball back I say take Ben out what you guys think?
DAE kind of want the Ravens to win today? I don't really want to face a Ravens team that is coming off three consecutive losses.
Honestly impressed that browns will be 7-3 by end of the day
Our defense is looking pathetic
"Look at that, tj forces a bad throw with pressure when he rushes from his side. 

Seriously fuck Keith butler man. What an idiot this guy is"
Bens deep ball is gone guys. We have to accept it.
"I'm not a doomer, but this one feels cursed"
DJ to Juju:  Happy birthday!  I got you a free agency.
About to get shutout in the 1st quarter.
Another freaking offsides
Our offense is dog shit. Not going to beat the Chiefs in a shoot out
I hope we take a SS early in the draft. Edmunds is our weakest link
[deleted]
An elite offense would’ve finished that drive with 7. Cannot believe we didn’t make Jacksonville pay for that dumb play call.
Robinson is gonna pound us into the ground isn’t he
Wow. We couldn't even get 3. Smh
Ben with 2 picks in the end zone this season. STOP IT.
Awful decision. You’re there for a field goal attempt. Fucking hell Ben
[deleted]
Can Spillane get off the field?
[deleted]
Tomlining
McFarland is trash. Dances in the fucking backfield instead of just running.
Conner is awful
[deleted]
"Out for the season.  Guarunteed.

EDIT: Alright thank goodness I jinxed it.  I didn't want to be right believe me."
Edmunds is garbage
[deleted]
No
Gtfo of here with this dumb shit.
"No, and please turn in your Towel(if you even have one)."
If it gets 5 million likes Coach T should do it
""
"Full List:

Steelers Inactives

No. 5 QB Josh Dobbs

No. 33 RB Trey Edmunds

No. 38 34 RB Jaylen Samuels

No. 45 Jayrone Elliott

No. 96 DE Isaiah Buggs"
""
""
""
Why are you wearing a UFO on your head?
Milwaukee markers are best markers
""
Here too! There are basically no jag fans
What would you expect lol
Do you want a jinx? Because this is how you get a jinx
"It's working, you can feel the tension building in the jags"
I'm surprised gates open that early. Make sure we hear you on the broadcast!
"Wow a game with no Jags fans, what a concept"
That's the biggest scoreboard I've ever seen. How big is that thing?
All the yinzers eventually make their way down South.  :)
I have that same Terrible Towel!
I use that exact same Towel!
This did age well!
This mf is a time traveler
Idk if they are blending in with the seats but I can’t even a jags fan in this picture.
I was there too and man! It was Steelers themed in Jacksonville the whole weekend! Felt amazing and loved interacting with all our fellow Steelers fans.
[removed]
"Locast, set your location for tampa bay"
Nflbite.com
""
The world’s team
And we wonder why Covid is a thing still.
Ayyyye live right around the corner from Noreen’s 🔥🔥🔥
"Juju drivers a Tesla, says the lady who is drinking with me who works for Tesla"
I’ve been there.   Great place to watch a game!!!
[removed]
Google search “crack streams”
[deleted]
[removed]
sometimes i hate commentators smh
""
""
"so, normal?

I was at the Christmas game in Houston a couple (3?) years ago, and it was easily 75% steelers there too.   it was closer to 50/50 tailgating tho! (houston folks have some amazing setups)"
That’s normal when the Steelers play a bad team.
"I'm convinced it's about 45% Bucs fans, 45% Dolphins fans, and 10% Jaguars fans in Florida."
This is the way
Jacksonville has a huge Steelers fan base down there.
No way. It was 90% easy!
It was 80-20 Steelers points as well.
Literally 80-20
Way less than 80/20 if there were more than 10% fans I would be shocked. I have an HD panorama I can cross reference.
Nice! Same thing in Dallas a couple of weeks ago.
CUZ WE ARE THE WORLDS TEAM
""
I'd be weirdly ok with this outcome.
[removed]
[removed]
Crackstreams.com
Nflbite.com gives many different options that all work well
Steelers app on the phone
Bilasport.net
"Damn we need NFLbite.com on the sidebar or something.

So many of these posts."
[removed]
Demetrius Johnson is the only Mighty Mouse I’ll ever accept
"I thought that was Kyle Murray?

Either way, strange name for a cornerback"
"College nickname, not sure why. Implies he's short but pretty typical height for a CB"
[removed]
It’s all they can do the slow him down. Guess the refs think it’s the only fair way to allow TJ to be on the field 😂
This is the 2020 NFL. Offensive holding calls down like 60% this year
Yep.
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"as a Balotelli fan and steeler fan, I approve this msg."
Jacksonville chat shit and got banged.
"As a City fan, this is amazing!"
[removed]
You mean Goosebumps...
""
He’s going to make history in his career as a steeler!! Black and yellow baby!!!!
He better be in the ROTY conversation
"They should play ""Blame Canada"" everytime he's scores. Work for both home and away games lol"
Love that beautiful motherfucker
"Not even a “one to watch” on the top 10 rookie list 

/s"
"10 Games, 10 TDs, 10 post game Tiktoks... ROTY caliber stats"
This guy might be good
"10 games, 10 Touchdowns, 10-0"
CANADA!! 🇨🇦
"dont get me wrong i want him to get more than one td next game, but wouldn't it be awesome if he got one so it could be 11 games, 11 tds, and the number 11."
I wonder what the chances are he can get 7 more in the next 6 games...
fantasy pickup of the year fr
"Born 30 minutes from me, and have him in me pool. It’s a good time to be a homer. 😬"
I really wanted him to score again today so he could have(tie) the record for most TDs in his first 10 games.
"10 games with touchdowns


0 games without touchdowns


Edit: not 10 TDs in 10 games. 


Jimmies are rustled. I repeat jimmies are rustled"
[removed]
No
[removed]
Where have you been since literally the day he was drafted lol
[removed]
Stairway to Seven!
"Anybody listening to this game?  Tunch sounds like he’s drunk, can barely get a sentence out."
He is suffering from ALS.
Jesus.
"You know I was thinking the same thing... I knew his diagnosis, but am not familiar with treatments/symptoms of ALS.

Reminds me of Copes last years... sucks."
""
[removed]
""
I'm ok with us being that aggressive when we're up 14. It's not it'll affect momentum even we get the second half kickoff
"No harm, no foul."
This post is perfect
"Our quarterback has insecurities about not being the ""hero"".  It's the price we pay for his talent.  Live by the Ben, die by the Ben.  Or, as Tomlin put it once ... ""He's a gunfighter, sometimes gunfighters get shot"""
Completely agree. It’s great to be aggressive.... until you need them to not be.
We don't settle and things of that nature.
"I can live with that play up 14. I think things are a bit different in a close game. I think the clock in Ben's head was a little fast, had to get a throw off to save the FG but just booming it out of the endzone wouldve been the right call. 

I actually was surprised we even went for a score tbh so it kinda felt like house money. 

🤷‍♂️"
""
"Looks pretty good, do you work for NFL pro shop?"
"Damn, that's clean man."
What exactly is the fix? I just see a Snell jersey.
Why not McFarland :(
Bumble bee jerseys > orange square jerseys?????
Works!
Shut up and take my money!
Hey - I have a buddy who works at Balph Lauren if you’d like me to get you an interview - they’re always looking for top talent!
It still makes me really sad to see Bell on other teams even though it made 100% sense for both sides. He was my favorite player ever.
How do I fix my brown jersey?
""
It says New York in the picture.
Well her closet obviously.
Looks like a salute to service sweater maybe. Definitely looks more vintage
"Bro she’s wearing it, go get it."
"That's definitely vintage. As someone who buys a shitton of vintage pittsburgh merch ebay is your best bet, but grailed.com could work as well. Use the searchterm ""vintage pittsburgh steelers crew neck"""
Bae moore
She is so hot
Can I get what’s wearing that shirt!
I think this may be a mid 90s sweater shirt. My dad has this in grey.
[deleted]
""
"I think Edmunds is a lot better than people give him credit for? but also that ball was horribly overthrown and right to him lol.

EDIT: Alright 2nd one was all him, good play and good catch."
And another one
#34 Coming out in force today. He shows that he is a true asset to our team.
The first pick was a gift. That second one was a great read and athletic play. I have hope he can still be a long term piece. Im not expecting a Bud like rise but Im not putting completely out of the realm of posibility.
"Terrell Edmunds perfectly filled a hole- the quintessential Steeler pick. Has started every (?) game since drafted. He has always served as a great safety-valve safety: outstanding open-field moves and solid coverage. His biggest downside has always been ball skills, but a lot of that is opportunity. With how the rest of the D is playing the last 20 games, he's finally getting his chances to play the ball. He has shown great improvement year-to-year.

I really don't get the hate. Even read something earlier about him still being the weak link- **he is not**. He is one of the *strongest* links that holds this defense together and allows the playmakers to do their things. Just because *he* isn't flashy doesn't mean he isn't key. It's good to see him get rewarded for all his service."
ANOTHA ONE
"After eating Mom’s chili, Eifert."
[removed]
i feel bad for him his o line is god awful he seems like he gets hit every throw look at last week man was limping every snap shit sucks prayers tho🙏
"Let Cincy ruin him, then we can pick him up for a steal."
"This is fucking enraging. Promising young quarterbacks, take note before going to play for that trash-ass franchise. They do not care about protecting you there."
Is it an ACL injury? I didn't see the hit.
Get well soon.
""
"Dude deserved so much better than the Bengals. Draft a stud talent and then put up some tissue paper to protect him? Fucking Bungles.

Hope he recovers fully, guy can ball."
Poor dude. They should have either spent big on O-line or brought in a journeyman to get smacked around behind that line for a year if they couldn't do that. How do you take a great promising QB and put him out there in year 1 to get abused...
"He deserves so much better, i hate seeing talent like that being wasted. Freaking Bungles man not giving him the proper protection he deserves"
"made me hella sad when i saw him getting carted off, hope he recovers fast"
Mike Brown should have that team yanked from him. Cheap piece of shit won’t even pay for an o line for his franchise QB. Hope Burrow makes a full recovery and signs to a franchise with standards
Here is the [injury](https://youtu.be/CNINTmWlOw8). Very sad
"Kid is money, shame on the Bungles for giving him that O line"
He deserved so much better...
You hate to see it
"Fuck man hope he bounces back real quick. Prayers to that young man

Oh yeah and fuck the Bengals coaching staff for putting him in that situation. They finally get their franchise QB and this how they do him?!?!?!?!"
"Didn’t watch this game, but based on the Steelers game, this is the coaching staffs fault. What kind of moron is running fake punts to extend drives in a hopeless game where their rookie QB is taking hit after hit? Like seriously, it’s vanity on their part to try and make it look better. Protect your QB from himself.

Wishing him a speedy recovery, but screw the bengals coaching staff."
"Bengals fan here and a huge Burrow fan coming in peace. After last season I had almost lost all hope in the franchise, I was mocked (jokingly but still sucked) at school for rooting for a team that I wanted to succeed because someone from my hometown was on it (Eifert and now Bates III). I don't watch college football but after we drafted Burrow I went back and watched a bunch of his games and realized he wasn't just a great player, he is a great human. He never forgot his small town, and everything he does traces back to his roots. I appreciate men like that and so I appreciate this post, thank you. From a Bengals fan."
"Ts and Ps.

Nasty hit. Hate to see it. He's been a bright spot on that otherwise garbage team."
I hate seeing rookies get hurt bad like that
Hope he’s okay but hope he goes to a much better team soon.  I’d hate to see him be the next Jake Plummer who was too shell-shocked from all those years at Arizona to be really successful on the Broncos.
"I'm just going to sidestep some of the choice Cincy comments and post a link to his charity, since I didn't see anyone else do it in the thread:

https://appalachianohio.org/grow/funds/fund-profiles/joeburrow/

Bonus is that the area in question is pretty much as close to Pittsburgh as it is to Cincy."
Sad to see this. Burrow is a gamer. Wish him the best.
"I got crucified for 10 weeks for saying Joe Burrows O-Line was gonna get him killed.... And here we are.

I feel really bad for the dude, he has been a real ray of hope for the Bengals. Hopefully he comes back from whatever this is and does well."
"Hope he gets well soon man. So tired of the bengals, browns, and whoever gase is coaching ruining people’s lives like this."
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ BURROW TAKE MY KNEE ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
Hopefully he comes back and makes a case for me to hate him
Feel so bad for him. You can only get sacked so many time before statistical probability catches up. Joe had to play against the defense and his own O-Line every game.
Hope he’s ok
"Best wishes on recovery Joe, you are the only non Steeler player in our division I like."
"Needs that mobility to play his style of game.  Hope this doesn't turn into a Carson Wentz situation.  CW has never been the same without the threat of the run, post-injury."
Win a Ferrari but don't buy any insurance.
I love seeing stuff like this from Steelers fans man.
"If they’re smart, they shut him down for the rest of the season.  He already has taken a  season’s worth of punishment. They aren’t going anywhere. Get him healthy, get some offensive line help for him in the offseason and go forward.

But these are the Bengals so they will totally rush him back onto the field so he can take 6 more games of needless punishment. Bengals are going to Bengal"
Hopefully is not so serious.
deserved way better.
"Prayers up. What a nasty injury and what a crappy organization that caused it to happen. 

Joe and the rest of that team deserve more than their owners, GM, and coaches."
Lifting Joe up. Godspeed your recovery.
I felt so bad seeing that pop up on TV. Was having a fantastic year
Seeing this post at the top of the sub just shows me how much class the Steelers fan base truly has. When we could be celebrating our 10-0 start we all still take the time out to respect our division rivals QB going down for the season. Proud to be a Steelers fan.
sending some positivity to you Joe..hopefully its not as bad as it looked.
"i got downvoted to fuck in the game thread for saying ""that sucks hes a fun player and im sorry bengals fans."" so fuck the bengals, fuck their fans, but god bless Joe Burrow"
"Dude was having a really good season too and looked good every time he touched the ball, sad"
"Really enjoyed what I’ve seen of him this year, such a shame. Hope he comes back 100%, looking forward to many more battles with him in the coming years"
Looking forward to a speedy recovery and his assistance in making this rivalry mean something again
"Poor guy...if Steelers fans know anything, it's how much QB injuries suck. Hope Burrow gets a new team honestly. Guy deserves better."
It actually broke my heart to see him carted off... Best of luck to this guy. Amazing guy on and off the field.
T's and P's
class post OP.  Best of luck to Joe
I like Joe. He is a fierce competitor who will be a worthy opponent for years to come. I hate the Bengals but I wish Joe a healthy and quick recovery.
This is awful. Damn.
Word - he's a baller.  Everyone seems to like and respect the dude.
"Regardless of team...I hope this guy’s career isn’t over as soon as it started.  I prayed for this kid as soon as I heard he got hurt.   Their season is over, hope he heals for next year."
Went into bengals sub to wish him well and got downvoted to hell and many mean messages from my genuine comment. They are very hurt right now
Sucks man. He will bounce back for sure.
"I hate this for him, he was on the verge of so many rookie records. I wish him a fast and full recovery ."
Man. Knees aren't supposed to bend that way. Shame.
Man poor dude behind that line!
Come back stronger and better.  The NFL is more fun with quality QBs.
Bengals are just the Jets without media attention. Joe B deserves better. Hope he fully recovers
What's the latest?
"Hope he gets well soon, dude’s legit"
"Yeah, I hope he’s OK. I don’t like to see this for any team."
"Poor kid. Hope he can recover from this, it looked horrific"
Everyone and their mother knew that he would be sent there to die behind that atrocious oline. What a shame...
"Hope he comes back just as strong.

Also hope they have. Better O line when he comes back."
"Get better, AFCN bro"
"It sucks to like a player so much when they’re a Bengal, but I REALLY like Joe Burrow and I hated seeing this happen. Cinci needs to desperately revamp their O-line."
Need this guy in the league. He’s a gem! Get well soon Joe!
"This hurts me as an LSU fan. Even though i’ve always been a steelers fan, I will always root for Joe too. He deserves so much better. One day I hope to see him in black and yellow."
"It takes a genuine trooper to take dozens of shots every game and still get up. This madlad was still on the field after TJ Watt rattled him for an hour straight. Here's to a speedy and painless recovery, this man deserves so much better."
"Hope he heals up quick, I hate seeing this happen. I’ll be sending a prayer his way tonight."
"Hope he's okay. I'm tempted to see what r/Bengals is saying about this, but going there always makes me angry."
Prayers up
"Watched him at the Ohio state. Have the best season at LSU and win the heisman and the natty. Carve up the browns secondary’s jd make some amazing plays in his rookie year. Hope he gets better soon, and recovers well. This kid is gonna be a star."
Feel bad for the kid. I knew his career wasn't going anywhere as soon as he became a bungle.
"Man that Oline, hope he will be back and better next year though"
Absolutely gutted about this. 😭
what happened??
"As a Steelers fan living in Cincy, I have to admit this is one of the few Bengals players I’ve ever rooted for because I genuinely believe he is a good guy and I want the best for hi. Hope he can come back healthy and maybe with a better O-Line to support him next year. Would hate to see his career go to waste just because the Bengals tight wad organization doesn’t want to pay for decent players"
Should have done what Eli did.
Have they released what the injury actually is other than a knee/leg
They simply are going to ruin his career without an offensive line to protect him.
"I said it in the game thread, but I’ll say it again. Tee Higgins has been a good player for them, but they should have spent that pick on an offensive lineman instead. You have to protect your QB, and Cincinnati didn’t do enough. Worse yet, they asked a rookie to routinely drop back and pass 50 times a game to just be competitive. Burrow is a great talent, but you shouldn’t put him in that position still. I still question why they traded Dalton too. There was no need to rush Burrow out on the field in a shortened offseason even if he did end up being ready to answer the call."
"Guy has been balling out trying to make that team work.  Even if it's somehow not serious, you bench him for the rest of the year.  He does not have to prove anything more at this point.  Do not RG3 or Luck this guy, Bengals."
"I hope he recovers well, he has looked great thus far. Shame he didn't have the o-line help to keep him safe. The division is much more fun when all the teams in it perform well."
"This guy is an absolute stud. Sucks he plays for such a disgraceful organization, deserves so much better. Get better soon Joey B!"
Terrible shame to see a promising young player get this injury.  He was easily going to be AFC rookie of the year too.
What happened? Im out of the loop. Im only concerned about the Steelers
Does anyone got the clip of the hit?
[deleted]
"I was really impressed with his play in the steeler game. 

&#x200B;

Here's hoping it's operable and fully recoverable. Good luck Burrow!!!"
Seems like a good dude. Hope he gets back in there soon.
"I’ve been afraid for him since he got drafted, knowing there wasn’t an O line to protect him. Poor kid."
"Rest up, going man.  Get better and can't wait to see you out there next year."
Burrow is definitely a talented player with a bright future if the Bengals give him a line to protect him. You hate to see it happen.
He should come to the Steelers!
Really unfortunate. Well wishes his way; knowing he will be trouble in the future!
"Not an expert on injuries, but watching it in real time, I thought he had a Joe Theismann type injury. Don’t know which is a quicker recovery, a compound fracture or torn ACL, either way, hopefully the kid recovers soon. Hopefully it doesn’t have any long term effects on his game. As a Steelers fan, I hate how much I like watching him play haha Thoughts and prayers for sure."
"As much as our Rivalry goes, no one deserves this."
I hate to see this. So sad for a rookie that was playing so well. At least this doesn’t really affect their season considering their season was already lost.
"[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9cOq9N4rCrI) is a YouTube doc reviewing the injury frame by frame. Tough to watch the actual injury but the explanation of what happened on the field is interesting. Unsurprisingly, it boils down to ""knee = bad."" It makes me sick thinking about this dude having that happen, hopefully it is just a road bump in what will be an awesome career, not an endpoint. 

Good luck, Burrow. My heart goes out to you for a full and speedy recovery."
"I honestly can't tell if this post title was meant to be sarcastic.

Feel bad for the guy and the Bengals though. They had a shot to win a couple more games this season and build off some positivity. If they can't get this dude some help next year, Burrow's gonna have a long, painful couple years."
"It hurts to see this happen to anyone, but especially to someone with such an amazing gift. Hope to see him on the field again soon!"
http://www.youtube.com/shorts/8UrWRqsdLwg
My buddy and I were talking about how good he looks and how trash his O-line is not an hour before it happened. The poor guy. He deserved so much better.
"Bungles curse.

Should have pulled an Eric Lindros. (I don't know a football equivalent)"
I actually do feel bad for him. I hope his career goes the way of Carson Palmer. He gets paid but his team still blows. He seems like a good dude and I hope he sticks around. I just hope his team is always losing
"It was bound to happen since they posted that gif on their twitter, which we broke their QBs leg. So the curse strikes again"
/giphy jay cutler don't care
fuck Joe Burrow and any other Bengals QB .... why is this here? we’re a Steelers sub
[removed]
[deleted]
Last I checked this is the Steelers subreddit... Why is the top post about a Bungle?
Fuck him and the horse he rode in on
[deleted]
"🤣🤣🤣

Dude locked up here... shutdown/restart."
[deleted]
He has ALS my man
Delete this holy shit
He's never had a losing season and we're always competing for a playoff spot. Not really sure why you're asking for him to be fired.
tbh i feel like ben talks on the sidelines more to Josh Dobbs than that other guy 😂 plus it looks like they are drawing up plays together.
"I love Dobbs and while I don’t know if he’s got what it takes to be the next guy for us at QB, I can see a career trajectory being like that of Kellen Moore in Dallas"
Remember the Eagles game where Dobbs told Ben to do the double move to Washington for the TD
I've actually noticed that too. Every time Ben's on the sideline he's in Dobbs ear. Makes me think he's the one being groomed to ascend to the throne.
"Randy is trash, whenever we are in hurry up we SHRED! These dumb jet sweeps need to stop"
"Fun story of mine - i saw him at IKEA a couple years ago and it didn't dawn on me until after we left.  I pointed him out to my wife and said ""that looks like a dollar store brand Ryan Shazier"".  On the drive home i had the ""WAIT A MINUTE"" moment."
""
""
"*Again, not even on ESPN’s honorable mentions of top 10 rookies for 2020"
He has gotten a PI on at least all of his past 4 games and probably more! I can’t tell if he is drawing these calls or if his defenders are really doing him this dirty. Regardless these penalties have helped keep the Pittsburg drive alive
"He's big and fast. These DBs are helpless, even if they play perfectly he's got an advantage"
"He's huge, he's gonna get mugged all the time because DBs can't hang with him

Exit: Fucking beautiful haiku"
It’s cause he is beating players on routes and they would rather DPI than give up a touchdown
A PI is a first down.
He’s beating guys with his athleticism and they have no choice but to hang onto him in order to prevent easy TDs
"I think that one where he was tugging his jersey, I’m not sure if they were more, the defender knew without a doubt they Claypool had a touchdown. He had to do it"
"He's hard to cover... For the defenders it's basically take a PI or give up a touchdown when they get best like that, and the better move is to just tackle him."
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
make the cat sleep outside tonight
3 minutes later he shits on the bed wtf!?
[deleted]
I’m over this meme.
[removed]
I agree. We go empty backfield on 3rd and 2 but not 3rd and 9?
We are confusing them with this irrational play calling.
10-0 AND YALL STILL FIND A WAY TO COMPLAIN 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
[removed]
It took a complete mauling
I'm stuck with a bunch of shit games I'm not interested in on my local channels. How can  I watch my beloved Steelers without buying the ticket?
Nflbite.com
sportsurge.net
"I live in Eagles country, and couldn't watch today's Steelers game. I looked before for streaming stuff, with no success. That doesn't help you at all but maybe misery loves company."
I watch every game from Ohio on nflbite.com then just go to the one for buffstreams.
""
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
[removed]
Hes battling ALS.
"Tunch Ilkin?

not listening but I'm fairly sure that he isn't drunk"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
""
[removed]
Lol can't tell if this is a joke
""
[removed]
I miss this man.
[deleted]
"Buzz on, Steeler gal! 🐝"
"My only issue is that I’m 6’1 with a long torso and the jersey isn’t long enough, but that’s to be expected with a women’s jersey."
Those are my favorite I'm sad they don't wear them anymore. The color rush ones are my favorite now
Hell yea! Bumblebees for life! Haha
"Please tell me you have link, my grail jersey is a bumblebee Heath and I cannot find my size for the life of me. I've had a special notification on ebay for like 3 years now and still nothing"
Nice pick on jersey number as well. Watt is an animal that deserves all the steeler love us fans can give him.
""
#E N C R O A C H M E N T
"We don't concern ourselves with losses and things of that nature.


The record is the record"
"I want to keep seeing this every week.

this is the way."
"I’m a simple man, I see Smiling Tomlin or Edited Martavis Tweet, I upvote"
"I see Tomlin face, I upvote."
Wild because us PSU fans have both sides of this stat lmao
My team!
Wanna see me do it again?
King of the North!
fire mike tomlin
"And the ravens lose, again"
"We desperately need to lose a game or two. The pressure of 16-0 is not only bad for my health, but also for the pressure it adds on to playoffs."
Thats what happens when you can't see past lunch
Good thing we listened to the yinzers and fired Tomlin
"So how soon can we clinch the division? If we beat the Ravens Thursday I think we eliminate them from winning the division, so all we have to worry about is Cleveland."
When the standard is the standard and we stop living in our fears
""
Bengals better spend their first two picks on OL. This guy deserves better
"That fucking sucks for him. Hopefully, he comes back healthy next year."
"The minute Cincinnati drafted him, I was afraid this was going to happen.  They'd better get some help for this kid on the O-line next year.  Such a shame seeing all that talent wasted."
"Big oof, deserved so much better"
[removed]
The Bengals are really gonna fuck this kid up and it's a damn shame
Sucks for the kid.  At least they have to blame somebody besides us for it.
"Hes a very exciting player to watch, here's to a speedy recovery!"
[deleted]
A legit ray of sunshine in an otherwise dreary year!
The Steeler's Next Man Up mantra is really being taken to heart by these back up players.
[removed]
[deleted]
""
Bro I'm underrage
""
God that play... I remember that night. We ran down to the Rooney statue to get pics... CHAMPIONS!
LETS FUCKING GO ROAD TO 7!!!!!
The greatest pass and catch in NFL history. And that makes it the greatest play in NFL history.
"#Pittsburgh Steelers at Jacksonville Jaguars

TIAA Bank Field- Jacksonville, FL

Network(s): CBS

***

|Time Clock|
|:--:|
|Final|
|00:34

||Q1|Q2|Q3|Q4|Total|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|Steelers * * *|0|17|0|10|27|
|Jaguars * * *|3|0|0|0|3|


Last Play: END GAME

| Team | Type | Quarter | Description |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--|
|JAX|FG|1|(11:02) C.McLaughlin 41 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-R.Matiscik, Holder-L.Cooke.|
|PIT|FG|2|(10:50) C.Boswell 44 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|2|(7:07) (Shotgun) B.Roethlisberger pass deep right to C.Claypool for 31 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|2|(:48) B.Snell right end for 1 yard, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|2|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|FG|4|(10:26) C.Boswell 47 yard field goal is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|
|PIT|TD|4|(6:46) B.Roethlisberger pass short middle to E.Ebron for 20 yards, TOUCHDOWN.|
|PIT|PAT|4|C.Boswell extra point is GOOD, Center-K.Canaday, Holder-J.Berry.|


| Team | Penalties | Penalty Yards | Rushing Yards | Passing Yards | First Downs |
|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|:--:|
| Steelers | 6 | 42 | 106 | 267 | 23 |
| Jaguars | 8 | 105 | 73 | 133 | 14 |

***

^This ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot. ^For ^issues ^or ^suggestions ^please ^message ^/u/nfl_gdt_bot. ^NFL ^changed ^a ^lot ^during ^the ^offseason ^so ^improvements ^will ^be ^made ^during ^the ^season"
Let’s take a moment and celebrate the holding call that TJ Watt got today.
"Come on Titans please


Edit: LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO"
LOLTIMORE!!!
trap week avoided 😅
I can’t believe Juju injured himself on a penalty flag
Imagine not being at double digit wins by this point in the season.
"10-0 and how sweet it is!! Let’s get down to business:

Bad:

- Canaday. Been a season long issue but we paid the price today on his poor snap, causing Bos to miss the FG. Probably a good thing we brought in a LS this past week just to be safe. 

- 2nd and long runs. Why. Why. Why. Why. Why. I like Randy, unlike most of you. But dear god why are so we committed to running on 2nd and 9+. I counted 2 today, which is 2 too many. Utilize the quick pass to get those yards if anything. 


Good:

- Tyson Alualu. Welcome “home” big man. From batting the ball to plugging the gap this guy does it all and makes a huge difference for us. 

- Edmunds. The one knock on him throughout his career thus far is his ball skills, and that’s a fair criticism. He sure showed that to not be the case today and grabbed TWO picks. TWO!! He doubled his career int’s! Haters are in shambles but a very solid day for him. 

- Minkah. Minkah doing Minkah things. Nothing to see here. 

- Berry. It took our aussie to get cut but he came back with a vengeance. Looking real nice out there as of late. 

- Conner. Got a lot of shit as of late but he showed up today. And to his credit he made a lot of his own doing. The line didn’t look THAT impressive for run schemes but he showed out. 

- Diontae. Young goat. Wr1. Picking up where he left off and that connection with Benjamin is growing and growing. Lord have mercy on defense that have to cover these receivers. Best in the league bar none. 

- Titans.. taking Baltimore to OT in a physical game while they have to travel to Pittsburgh on a short week?? Let’s go baby!! 

10-0. Don’t let anybody tell you different. Bring on Baltimore. Let’s fucking do this thing."
RAVENS ARE 3rd IN THE AFCN! BWAHAHAHA!
"A lot of complaining from folks today. But it was a good easy win if you ask me, they basically coasted through most of the game and won pretty easily. It was never that close after the first quarter. Sure a blowout earlier in the game makes it more comfortable, but who cares, a win is a win. 

Just because their record sucks doesn’t mean they’ll lay down for us to run over them. 30+ isn’t needed every game, this is the same Jags team that was winning against the packers last week going into the 4th quarter. Defense shut them down and we got the win, finished relatively healthy and getting ready for Baltimore."
Guys. Fichtner is just playing 3D chess!! He didn't want the Ravens to have any new film for Thursday! He's going to blow open the playbook against them ratbirds! I'm talking more screens and outside runs! The WHOLE playbook baby! HERE WE GO STEELERS!
Ravens drop this and they fall below the Browns who won their game today. Patriots loss today too as well as the Bengals. Browns fucked it up by winning.
How long has Donte Moncrief been with the Patriots? LMAO 10-0 HERE WE GO
No big injuries. 10-0. I hope turkey isn’t the only bird that gets cooked on Thursday.
"Aight, edmunds. You made us fuckin proud today.

Keep goin"
Trap game? What trap game?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JUJU WE LOVE YOU
"I forgot what its like to have an elite secondary

This team is great, LOL @ the Ravens, get well soon Joe Burrow

GO STEELERS!"
Not bad for a MAC QB
I am erect.
10-0 and we beat the powerhouse that is the Jacksonville Jaguars
Remember when Colin Cowherd said the Ravens would go 16-0? Lmao. What an asshole.
AND THE RAVENS LOST LOL
Now we root for the Titans to win this in OT
TITANS WIN
"RAVENS LOSE IN OT

THEY'RE BEHIND THE BROWNS IN THE DIVISION

THIS IS THE BRIGHTEST TIMELINE"
"Hot take: Minkah's 1st half pick saved the game by shifting the momentum.


Edit:
Not really hot take: Minkah doubter's can get fucked and if they still exist should be banished to the shadow realm (aka Browns sub)"
LOL RAVENS
Ravens lose upvote party!!!
10-0! Time to take care of the Ratbirds while enjoying some turkey. See y'all Thursday!
"# 10 AND FUCKING 0!!!!!


HOLY FUCKING SHIT LETS GO!!!!


ALSO, COME ON TITANS!"
"I fucking told you all not to be worried!

BuT iT's A tRaP gAmE!"
I’ll take a boring win over an exciting loss any day. Hope everyone is healthy for Thursday.
"Game.


Blouses."
Lmao the Browns ahead of the Ravens in the North now
"The Steelers are good


Not because they beat good teams


BUT BECAUSE THEY BEAT BAD TEAMS"
#LETS GO TITANS
I just checked the Ratbirds sub expecting a good laugh but it’s just pure sadness. I almost feel bad...jk see you assholes on Turkey Day
Taking care of business against bad opponents? This team feels different. Now let’s go Titans.
Titans marching down the field and the Ravens defense can't do anything.
"r/ravens absolutely imploding.  For better or worse, that team will be in full panic mode on Thursday."
It's an amazing feeling having *zero* drama on this team right now
Vrabel is Harbaugh’s father
So now we're in this weird situation where the outcome of Browns games affects the playoff picture.
More MAC players please 😏
Keep me updated on Juju news please
"alrighty then, checks playoff status...... GO RAIDERS!!!"
Titans got a chance to win it right now. Let's fucking go. Rivalry temporarily suspended.
"This calmed my nerves a bit, but we still have the Ravens on Thanksgiving. Knocking hard on wood."
Fuck Baltimore!
HENRY GOT A TD IN OT TO BEAT THE RAVENS!
Bonus coverage! Rat birds losing.  Shame Eagles couldn’t do their job in Cleveland
StEElErs ARe thE wOrSt 10..11..12..13..14..15..16..17..18..19-0 team of all time.
All you need to say about this team is that the worst player on defense had 2 picks today
Let's go Titans in overtime!!
Hahahaha let’s gooooooo
I feel like we just won twice today
The Eagles ruined our perfect day by letting the Browns get a win.
RAVENS LOSE!
"Reading about this season has been interesting. Especially when you see 

^^^Tomlin ^^^Has ^^^Never ^^^Had ^^^A ^^^Losing ^^^Season"
Does this mean the ravens are now a trap game?
Can someone please send a pic of the guy in the stands wearing overalls...just pure steeler nation..
Decent run game against a good run defense. It needs to get ALOT better. But as of today I am happy. Go Steelers.
"Like I said in the other thread, Mason is good for handing off the ball and knelling."
Browns gonna have a better record than the ratbirds.
And that rat birds just lost. Today is a good day
Just came in to write. Fuck you Baltimore ravens
Cleaveland is now 2nd in the division
"Ravens currently third in the division

LOOOOOOOOOOOOL"
"Alas, no onside recovery.

Still, a great day.

Get well soon Burrow."
Where’s that info graphic where Colin cowherd picked Baltimore to go 16-0 and and the Steelers 9-7 and browns 7-9 or something. Anyone post a link?
I will say this is probably one of the most balanced games we’ve played all year in terms of how well our offense was passing and rushing and defense
"James Conner. 13 rushes. 89 yards. 6.8 yards per carry. 

Hopefully that’s the first step to the return of the Running Game.  Good game for Conner and the offensive line."
"We would easily score 40 without Rrrrrrandy and Claypool getting interference on almost every play. Call that shit. Also, let Rudy throw for Ducks sake. Yeah, I said Duck.o"
"It’s confirmed. Cincinatti is our trap game this year. With Burrow out, its even more likely."
Dionte is for real
Titans first sack!
So... We did our job but Go Titans?
Henry 30 yards run wins it
#FuckTheRatbirds
Lol ratbirds
BASED TENNESSEE
It's funny this year I don't hear a lot of the tOmLiN sUcKs comments. LOL
"Titans beat the Ravens.

Texans beat the Patriots, who beat the Ravens. 

The Ravens are not ready for what’s coming next week."
Lol imagine last year that I told you that the browns Would be ahead of the ravens 11 weeks into the season
Hmm I guess the only “good” teams we have played are the Titans and Browns lol
Steelers are a second half team. Can’t say I hate it. I’d rather a team that starts slow and finishes strong than the alternative.
We not gonna crack that nut with the first swing.  We gotta work on our warts. The standard is the standard.
"🎵 Don't stop me nooooooow, because I'm HAVING A GOOOOOD TIME HAVING A GOOOD TIME! 🎵"
I'm hoping everyone recovers and heals up quickly.  We're going to need a full roster against the dirty rat birds
TITAN UP
TITANS WIN.
Henry ended it for the Titans!
Titans well in fieldgoal range now.
Ha ha FUCK THE RATBIRDS
And the Ravens just lost. Great day.
Baltimore just lost....
Lol ravens
RAVENS LOST
What’s Harbaugh whining to Vrabel about? 😂
We clinch the division with a win next week.
Lets celebrate the titans and their victory too. What a good weeknd of football.
RATBIRDS LOSE!
FUCK THE RATBIRDS
Ravens lose!
And Ravens lose!!! Browns overtake Ravens in the standings. Ouch.
"Minkah with a lacklustre, boring game. Just 2 picks. Smh."
"And hey, go Titans!"
"Not related to our game but was just at a bar cheering the burrow injury, please dont be those fans. Get healthy man!!!"
My bad guys my son didn’t wake up from his nap and put on his lucky JuJu jersey until the end of the first quarter.
Any word on JuJu yet?
Wow what a quality win! I can’t wait for our boys to still be ranked #2 in every power ranking this upcoming week.
It’s looking likely that we will see Browns vs Steelers in playoffs this year.
It’s Ravens week
"Every phase was just fine.

Back home to host a, lets' face it, mediocre Ravens team."
Titans getting the ball FG wins it
"Boring ass second half but fuck, I’ll take it especially against the Jagoffs. Defense was fun as hell to watch though"
This makes me happy.
"Ok titans, fg wins this. You got this."
We did it!
Never in doubt!
now let the Rat Birds lose
Titans are getting chunks. I like
HENRY IS A TANK MY GOD
Titans win. YESH.
HENRY!!!!!!!!!!!
Obligatory minkah appreciation post
Ratbirds lose
Ravens lost wheeeewwwww
I am not sad.
LETS TO TITANS
Henry you son of a bitch! I love you!!!!
Titans WIN!!
"Oh baby 
Thank You Derrick Henry"
LETS GO . RAVENS LOSE BABY
Baltimore just lost!!!!!!!
Titans just beat the Ravens too. Today is damn good
Titans win!
Night night ratbirds
HENRY FUCKING WINS IT!!!
NOICE
TITANS!
"10-0, we played pretty good and the Ravens just lost. Today was a good day."
Titans just won to
RAVENS LOSE!!!!
bye bye ravens
Ratbirds just lost too!
LETS GOO. RAVENS LOSE
Ravens in third place.
Thank you Titans!!! 10-0!!! AAAAAAHHHHHH!!!
Ratbirds lost!!!!!!!!
Ravens lost !!!! King Henry!!
Did we just clinch the AFC North?
I missed the last quarter and a half. Any injuries?
Let's go... Raiders?
"Oh man, Diontae is so good. He didn’t run many deep or complex routes, but he didn’t need to."
"10-0...27-3 blowout...we need to fire coaches, dammit!"
Let's go!!
"Started off shaky, but we got it done!  Quick turnaround to Thursday.  Glad BAL went to OT... and lost!"
"The reason Connor ran well today is they didn’t call that stupid toss-sweep.  Know your damn personal.  Connor is a North-South RB, and they used him that way this week."
"I only followed on Redzone, why did Mason have 3 rushing attempts and -4 yards?!"
"Steelers win, Liverpool win, got my ps5. Im on cloud 9 right now"
Worst team to ever go 10-0 without scoring less than 24 points a game *by far*
"Week 12 will have massive playoff implications for the 1st seed race. Primetime Ravens will be our hardest matchup, but the Chiefs will also face their hardest opponent: Tampa. Even if we lose, we need to pray for a KC loss. We have a few tough late matchups against the Bills, Colts, and Browns. Unless we go undefeated, we are gonna need at least one KC loss"
I honestly could’ve never thought this is how the season would be like but I am excited AF. The defense is on another level!
"Thursday, we win back the North"
Awesome momentum going into turkey day. If Titans manage to win in OT I'd feel very good about our chances.
Bring on the ratbirds!
Happy with the win but Randy is so bad. I am sick and tired of the 2nd and long runs. Those absolutely kill a lot of our drives. Offense looked really bad today but at least our defense had it’s best game so it didn’t matter.
I love this team!
We slaughtered Jacksonville. This was the sign I needed.
Where can you watch the postgame conf at?
Demons have been banished
Big Shouts to Tad Dickman!
Is then Edmunds sucks guy ever gonna walk it back or is he still hiding lol
COME ON TITANS!!!!!!
2 yards from FG range
"46 yards FG as it is

1st down though"
"Game over, man! Game over!"
Titans did it!
Let’s go Titans
HENRY!!!
HENRY!!!
FUCK THE RAVENS
Thank you Tennessee for beating the Ravens
"Thursday is for the Division

Edit: Forgot the Browns existed."
Woohoo! Fuck the ratbirds!
Iggles poised to win?
I didn't think Polamalu would be unseated from being my favourite player but Minkah is definitely creeping up and up. Absolutely love that guy
lAmAr Is ThE gOaT! #sAViOr
"I know the NFC East is shit but am I right in thinking that the Steelers are now, with 6 games to go, guaranteed to finish with a better record than all of the NFC East teams?"
Thanks for beating us! I'm hoping we can trade down out of the #2 spot and land a boatload of picks.
"Was terrified going in to the game, then we went 3-0 down and missed the figgy and I got even more scared. Don’t like it at all when we go run/run/pass on 1st/2nd/3rd but other than that I have minimal complaints - thought we looked composed throughout, another 20+ point win and 10-0 baybeeee!"
Nice..thank you!
"I may sound like a Debbie downer but I am not getting hyped until playoffs. The way I see it, this season is superbowl or bust. I remember seeing Ben training with juju and Connor and thinking to my self, he is back, and will strive to nothing more than a superbowl win. anything else is a failure in my opinion. 

and as crazy as it sounds, I hope they lose a seasonal game as to maybe refocus themselves on the end goal, a superbowl.  just my two sense.

other than that I will try and enjoy the ride"
I am getting a fucking hard cock over reading the Ravens sub rn. Lawd I can’t wait till we “cum” grind out a win on thanksgiving
K so who do we want to win? TEN or BAL. maybe a tie?
""
#titanup
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
""
"GREAT MOVIE, GREAT TEAM, GREAT JOB, GREAT EVERYTHING 10-0."
That was beautiful
I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue.
Packers fan coming from r/nflmemes.  This is amazing.
Wish I could download it!! Very nice!
Awesome we’ll need a new clip for next week
I almost died at Skip Bayless lmao.
you should do this with the daredevil hallway scene!!
"I don't particularly like it as much as the last one, but nice work!"
Love it!!!!
well deserved upvote! This is great.
Have an upvote!
"There's a problem with the run game!

The run game? What is it?

It's what teams do when they're ahead to burn clock or setting up play action, but that's not important right now!"
Whose face is that?
Amazing
What’s the movie?
Skip bayless 😂😂😂😂
""
Playing sub .500 teams stresses me out way too much
"You'd best be posting this at successively higher zoom levels for every consecutive win.

I want to see nothing but Tomlin's pupil come ~~week 16~~ the day after the Superbowl."
ENCROACHMENT
Fuck yah!
ZOOM AND ENHANCE!!
I will never not upvote this.
"10-0, no bye"
Splash
"HEY GUY GIVING OUT AWARDS, CAN I GET ONE? 

FUCK THE RAVENS!"
Congrats guys. I really think you can go 16-0 to playoffs. A great accomplishment if you do.  Something really worth celebrating. Reminds me of last year's Ravens.
""
I just don't see how they won't rest Ben in the last two weeks if we've got the 1 seed locked in and the Colts won't lose to Mason Rudolph. Lol The Browns probably not either.
20STLRS
[deleted]
[removed]
I had a small one when Haden was holding his knee.
"What is up with today bruh. We blowout the Jags, TJ finally gets a hold call, Edmunds has two picks, and Hillibilly likes Tomlin???"
Lol
If you seriously still think Tomlin is a bad coach then you’re a lost cause. It would’ve been ridiculous to think he was bad coming into the season to begin with.
""
[deleted]
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
"You can use those, but last I checked tickets were like $1000 (or more)"
"Yup, you can use resellers, but I'd avoid using stubhub because I personally know more than 3 people who got scammed by them.

Anyways, the best thing for you to do would be to grab 3 more friends and create your own pod since you're gonna have to sit in pods of 4 anyways... this way, tickets could be cheaper than buying a single ticket or two tickets and share your pod with people you don't know.

The best thing would be to wait like hours before kickoff because then tickets drop... but you need to be ""on it"" to catch it. Download this app called gametime, it sends you push notifications when prices drop."
"Easy to get just Google it, but really expensive."
2 or 4? It's almost impossible to get 2 right now unless you pay a ton.
"You're going to have to buy them from a season ticket holder. They're raffling the limited attendance tickets off to those folks for first right of refusal, and with what they're reselling for, not a single person is saying no. They're not doing box tickets at all, so crack open your wallet (or dig into your life savings) if you really want them that bad."
This might’ve been just a lucky game for him or he might be making a turn to be a quality safety. But I’ve always thought since they drafted him that they’d move him to inside linebacker he’s a great tackler and cover TEs pretty well and he plays best close to the line of scrimmage. I especially thought they’d do it after bush went down but I think everyone craps on him because he doesn’t make the big splash plays but he doesn’t need to he just needs to be a good tackler and play the pass a tad better and I think he does that perfectly. Just my thoughts
"He’s having a great year. 

He doesn’t get splash plays so people hate him."
He's definitely thriving next to Minkah
Edmunds\*
"He was already a quality safety.

This game was just randomness coming home to roost."
"Seeing as how it generally takes at least 3 seasons for a DB to develop, I'd say Edmunds is right on schedule"
He's been getting closer and closer to making splashes all season and today came to fruition.
"I thought that first pick was just a little bit lucky\bad throw, but that second pick was all him."
"He was always a project when we drafted him, so it’s taken him a few years to learn the defense and learn the position."
He either does great or fucks up terribly
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[deleted]
Jealousy
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
[removed]
"Your post has been removed on /r/steelers because your self-post has a body that is less than our threshold or lack thereof. This is to prevent spam and eliminate posts that contribute little to no discussion. Unfortunately we cannot disclosue how ""long"" our body requirement is to prevent trolls from abusing our auto-mod settings. Please re-arrange your post to satisfy this body requirement with a few sentences or a brief paragraph in order for it to be approved. Thank you.

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/steelers) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
the fucking Cleveland Browns who are now 2nd in the division???????
I’m feeling pretty good. Baltimore just lost in OT and our boys coasted through the last quarter of that Jags game. We should be in better shape come Turkey day. Let’s Go!!!! 10-0
We'll blow them out just like the first time. We are browns kryptonite.
"Chubb should be back for that game so he won’t make it easy, but I’m confident with the team we have that we’ll find a way."
Cleveland still has Tennessee and Baltimore again this season before ending with us again. Need a win Thursday and the division is ours to lose.
"We don’t have to watch out for anybody except our weekly opponent...we control our destiny, not Cleveland"
I for one welcome the Browns' opportunity to be beaten by the Steelers in the playoffs.
"People always claim parity in the NFL but it laughable. There are like 3 good teams in each conference. For an average team like the Browns, being 7-3 is as likely as 4-6 given a couple bounces/calls. The Steelers are so far above the 2nd tier of AFC teams that they are playing different games. That’s not to say we couldn’t lose to any NFL team."
haaaaaaahahahahahahahahahaa
As a Browns fan IMAGINE BEING WORSE THAN THE BROWNS LMAOOOO
can't wait for them to pay lamar like 45mil/yr
"But... I thought they were the second best team in the league behind the Chiefs. That's what the ""*experts*"" said. They had a 11% chance of winning out! That's the best in the NFL. They looked unstoppable! Lamar is gonna win every MVP here on out, right?"
"Could you imagine playing a game and not winning?


Like wtf ravens??!?!????"
Steelers are 10-0 and we are 2-0 today 😂😂😂 Titan up
And 9th in the conference.
[deleted]
LETS GOOOO!!!!!!
It's a great thing to see hahahaha
Yesssss
 You hate to see that
They are currently closer to being the bengals than to being us. This pleases me.
